,Job Title,Salary Estimate,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Data Systems Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ready to make an impact? If so, read on!

Would you like to be a part of the team that brings data innovation, Machine Learning and AI enabling to GEICO? We are looking for a highly motivated Data Systems Analyst to support the Data Science Development lifecycle process and help solve complex business problems using predictive analytics/modeling approaches.

Job Responsibilities:

As a Data Systems Analyst, you will work with Machine Learning Developers, Data Modelers, and the business to:

•Conduct requirement and systems analysis, translating business requirements and performance metrics into modeling requirements and metrics
•Clearly define and document business problems by conferring with clients; evaluating procedures and processes, and assessing existing metrics
•Facilitate solution-design sessions with Machine Learning Developers, Data Scientists and business stakeholders
•Coordinate with the Machine Learning Developers and Data Scientists to document analytics solutions, approaches and results
•Communicate and coordinate effectively with clients and other stakeholders
•Support systems design, testing and deployment of predictive models into production
•Conduct data / metric analysis, assess impact of a new solution on key metrics, and analyze potential value
•Monitor performance of deployed models and develop recommendations on model refresh
•Set up metrics plans, conduct analysis of results, and report findings
•Capture data from Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and Hadoop using SQL
•Create and execute test plans to test model services
•Assist with agile process and project planning

Would you like to join our innovative team? If so, do you meet these qualifications?

Required Qualifications:

• A minimum of three years of progressive analysis/systems experience in large scale IT projects

• Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Computer Sciences, Information Technology, Engineering, Management of Information Systems, or equivalent work experience

• Ability to support multiple projects simultaneously and work in a dynamic environment

• Experience working in an Agile team and familiarity with Agile project management practices

• Experience documenting business processes, requirements, and application test plans

• Working knowledge of SQL

• Experience conducting metrics analysis and reporting

• Strong critical thinking, decision-making and problem-solving skills

Desired Qualifications:

• Demonstrated experience with SQL scripting language

• Experience with process improvement

• Foundational understanding of Statistics and analysis of A/B tests

• Experience in R or Python programming language
Note: The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Indianapolis, IN office.

#LI-AM1
#DI-AM

About GEICO

For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

As a full-time Data Systems Analyst, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including:

• Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**
• Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave
• 401(k) Plan with Profit Sharing
• Tuition Reimbursement
• Paid Training and Licensures
Benefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service.
*Coverage begins with the pay period after hire date. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply

Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Indianapolis, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
1,Marketing Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description/Responsibilities


Position Summary:Nutrisystem is seeking a Marketing Data Analyst to join its growing Analytics community. This role will develop, manage, and deliver analytical solutions to solve complex business challenges. The Marketing Data Analyst will closely interact with online and offline Marketing, Product Development, Call Center Sales, Retail and Finance to influence key business decisions through fact-driven insights. The ideal candidate will possess excellent analytical and communication skills and have a history of thriving in fast- paced business environments.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

• Develop queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform and prepare data for analysis, ad-hoc and automated reporting and modeling. Create visualizations for variety of projects.

• Support ad-hoc analysis, discussions and conclusions around the efficacy of marketing channels to drive revenue per customer, length of stay and lifetime value.

• Analyze data to describe customer behavior and preferences, understand marketing channel effectiveness, diagnose customer experience problems, size marketing opportunity and measure the impact of marketing initiatives.

• Prepare and deliver insight presentations and recommendations. Communicates complex material in digestible terms appropriate for each audience. Educate company executives and the broader marketing team on analytical findings and implications using storytelling and data visualization techniques.

• Design analytic plans, translating business problems/opportunities into analytic approaches. Engage with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand each business question. Probe for hidden questions and goals. Bring structure to each request and translate requirements into the appropriate analytic approach.

• Participate in special projects and performs other duties as required.

Qualifications


• Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, Information Technology, Computer Science or other quantitative field required. Master’s degree preferred.• Must have minimum of five (5) years of experience working in an analytical role with a history of taking on additional responsibilities with data analysis, measurement reporting

• Must have five (5) years of experience with SQL programming

• Must have minimum of three (3) years of experience working with relational databases and associated data query tools. Experience with cloud databases a plus (e.g. AWS Redshift, Google BigQuery, Snowflake).

• Must have proficiency in data visualization and report writing technologies using at least one of the following Business Intelligence tools Tableau, Power BI, QLIK or SAS. Knowledge of Looker preferred.

• Domain experience in marketing analytics: customer acquisition, digital marketing, response modeling, identifying customer needs, predicting customer behavior, next best offer, churn, customer lifetime value preferred

• Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy

• Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience presenting to senior executives distilling complex concepts into actionable recommendations

• Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including pivot tables, data manipulation and analysis

• Ability to work in a team-oriented environment.

About Tivity Health:

Tivity Health® (Nasdaq: TVTY) is a leading provider of healthy life-changing solutions, including SilverSneakers®, Nutrisystem®, Prime® Fitness, Wisely Well™, South Beach Diet® and WholeHealth Living®. We are actively addressing the social determinants of health, defined as the conditions in which we work, live and play. From improving health outcomes to reversing the narrative on inactivity, food insecurity, social isolation and loneliness, we are making a difference and are transforming the way we do health. Learn more at TivityHealth.com.

Tivity Health is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a proactive program of diversity development. Tivity Health will continue to recruit, hire, train, and promote into all job levels without regard to race, religion, gender, marital status, familial status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or veteran status.",3.1,"Tivity Health
3.1","Fort Washington, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1981,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
2,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Rational is growing, and we need amazing talent to join our team. If you have an entrepreneurial attitude with a deep spirit of service and killer subject expertise, we want to talk to you. We are always looking for the next great consultant to raise the bar and push Rational to be better than we were yesterday. Staying hungry, curious, and looking forward to what’s next is part of our DNA.

This Data Analyst will be part of Rational's Technology & Data Practice and supporting one of our large biotech projects. This individual will provide strategic and tactical consultation, leadership in delivering solutions, and oversight of processes and systems.  The position requires solid technical foundation, domain knowledge, as well as strong verbal and written communication skills with a proven ability to clearly communicate technical information to a non-technical audience.

This is a full time position within Rational's Technology Practice. This position is not available for Visa sponsorship or C2C work.

What you will do:
Serve as the Business Analyst subject matter expert supporting, but not limited to Commercial portfolio
Network with a new and evolving IT environment, business team, and vendors to foster strong relationships and build partnerships
Understand strategy and how it translates to executable programs, projects, and efforts that align with strategic goals while taking the environmental constraints and opportunities into account
Collaborate with cross-functional professionals to deliver high-quality and innovative solutions that meet the business needs and create new opportunities
Provide analytic support of various levels of complexity including large, multi-year, cross-functional efforts with internal and external influencing factors
Negotiate conflicts and complex issues to an expeditious and satisfactory resolution
What you will bring:
3+ years of exposure to the orchestrating technology solutions for technical and/or Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical organizations
3+ years of experience in the Business Analysis or equivalent role with solution delivery and process improvement supporting cross-functional implementation of IT solutions in the Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical industry
3+ years of experience in organization financials, financial reporting
Familiarity with applications used in the business area such as Salesforce and Veeva
Working experience in SQL Server and Snowflake (preferred, but not required)
Proven knowledge of IT solutions and application management through various product cycles and evolving work environments
Demonstrated technical understanding of application architecture to include application servers, web servers, configuration files, relational databases, and reporting applications
Ability to proactively plan, organize, deliver with limited oversight, prioritize, and quickly adapt to changing situations
Excellent communication skills, including the ability to interface and influence internal and external partners at multiple organization levels
Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills, with a high degree of self-motivation and ability to work independently
Proficient in essential tools such as Power BI, Smartsheets, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.
Who you are:
Data Lover. You know your numbers and value the metrics behind the buyer story.
Collaborative to the Core. Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment, as a leader and member.
Well-rounded Professional. You have amazing communication and organizational skills along with high EQ.
Proactive. You are always thinking ahead about what is best for the Client.
Adaptable. Change happens at lightning speed; you are flexible, enjoy challenge, and get behind new ideas
Rational is a customer experience (CX) solutions firm that pairs the capabilities of a strategic consultancy with the creativity of a full-service digital agency. We design and activate compelling experiences that create strong connections between people and brands. We put humans at the center of business and partner with our clients to deliver meaningful experiences that help their customers while driving business success. Customer satisfaction at every level is our ultimate metric, and it's what drives our mindset, skillset, and company culture.

Incredible people are our non-negotiable. Our experienced team of consultants spans the globe. We love what we do, and who we do it with – let’s begin our next chapter together.

Rational is committed to ensuring all candidates have an equal opportunity to be considered for employment. Please let us know if you need any reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process.",2.7,"Rational
2.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
3,Data Analysts- 2-5+ Years of Experience! Virtual Hiring Event,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Transurban Virtual Hiring Event! Live Chat With Hiring Managers!

Event Details
Date: Thursday, October 1, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Data Analysts- 2-5+ Years of Experience!

Financial Analysts- 2-5+ Years of Experience!

Intake Details:

Requirements

If you have ANY combination of the skills listed below- WE WANT TO MEET YOU!

Data Compliance, Financial Data Analytics, Financial Data Modeling & Reconciliation

Systems Data & Trend Analysis

Presentation of Analyzed Data

Tableau, SQL, Excel

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the video interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

Smart Phone Tablet PC Laptop Internet Connection

What to bring to this event

Prior to Registering for this event-PLEASE send a copy of your resume to BKaliko@transurban.com

Review current job postings on our website

What to wear

Dress code is Please be comfortable but presentable!.

About Transurban

As one of the world’s largest toll-road operators, everything we do works to get people where they want to go, as quickly and safely as possible – from designing and building new roads to researching new vehicle and road safety technology.

Our community and sustainability activities include: developing apps and other tools to make travel easier; consulting with residents living near our roads and projects; building partnerships and providing community grants; and working with community groups to support customers going through tough times.

We also pioneer new solutions to manage our environmental impacts and help mitigate the impacts of climate change.

If the time slot that works best for you isn't available, please email Sara.Resti@hudsonrpo.com to see if we can accommodate you.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!",3.3,"Transurban
3.3","Tysons Corner, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
4,Program Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: NACI (T1)
Requisition Type: Regular

GDIT is seeking a Program/Data Analyst (SAS) to support The Army Public Health Center (APHC).

APHC's mission is to: Enhance Army readiness by identifying and assessing current and emerging health threats, developing and communicating public health solutions, and assuring the quality and effectiveness of the Army's Public Health Enterprise.

This position is based in Aberdeen and is 100% remote until COVID-19 pandemic restrictions are lifted.

In this role, a typical day will include:

Development and review of study protocols, critical literature reviews, direct participation in data collection, and interpretation of study results.
Creating, managing, and assessing databases critical to the mission as well as providing internal/external customer service support.
Utilizing these databases to design studies, answer inquiries, and produce reports.
Using major medical information systems such as MSS DataMart or MHS Data Repository (MDR) Composite Health Care System (CHCS) or AHLTA.
Performing analytical and inferential statistics to include risk ratios, odds ratios, ANOVA, T-test, chi 2, correlation, non-parametric tests, regression and logistic regression, and survival analysis.
Fluency with computerized database management and statistical software programs, particularly SAS, SPSS and R coding and database management.
Identifying critical outcome measures, both morbidity and mortality based, for the evaluation of the effectiveness of public health programs.
Comparing outcome objectives for disease prevention and health promotion programs which will enable comparison with other applicable benchmarks.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors of Science Degree in Public Health or related field
2+ years’ experience in healthcare related field and experience
Statistical software program experience required
US Citizenship
NACI(T1) Clearable

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Master's Degree in Public Health related field
Familiarity with a variety of the field’s concepts, regulations, standards, practices and procedures, pertaining to Environmental Public Health
SAS Statistical software program experience preferred

#GDITPriority

#MilitaryHealthGDITJobs

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.5,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.5","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
5,Tactical Data Link (TDL) Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Oasis Systems has an exciting opportunity for a Tactical Data Link (TDL) Analyst located at Langley, AFB in Hampton, VA.

LOCATION: Langley, AFB

JOB STATUS: Full-Time

TRAVEL: N/A

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Certifications, Experience, Skills):

SECURITY CLEARANCE: US Secret and NATO Secret

EDUCATION:Bachelor’s degree in a technical field (such as engineering, computer science, etc.).

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS/SKILLS:

• At least five (5) years recent experience (within past 10 years) in a job working formal operational and information exchange requirements development as they relate to fighter aircraft tactical data exchange.
• At least five (5) years recent experience (within past 10 years) in a job performing formal Multi-TDL configuration management (to include development and analysis of complex ICPs), data management, military standards management, and staff processes.
• At least five (5) years recent experience (within past 10 years) working with and exposure to Joint/Air Force doctrine and the NATO Consultation, Command and Control Board (C3B) and it subcommittees.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

• Develop Interface Control Proposals (ICPs) that make editorial and technical changes to current/future multi-TDL configuration items (US Military Standard (Mil-Std) 3011, 6011, 6016, 6017, 6020, MADL, Cursor on Target (CoT), etc.). Perform detailed technical analysis of ICPs as they relate to USAF platforms and systems.
• Provide technical multi-TDL expertise to support the integration of multi-TDL capabilities into USAF platforms and systems.
• Develop, or review previously-developed, bit-level implementation specifications for USAF platforms and systems. These implementations shall depict the total multi-TDL implementation requirements for the platform.
• Provide technical support at Technical Interchange Meetings and Design Reviews concerning multi-TDL implementations.
• Provide technical expertise to analyze concepts or problems with Air Force, Joint, or Coalition standards or implementation of those standards and provide solutions or recommendations in appropriate format as required.
• Support development of operational concepts and architectures that use existing and emerging capabilities in support of USAF platform/system information exchange, interoperability, and operational employment requirements. This support shall include participation in Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) and other working groups to address specific technical and operational issues.
• Provide analytical assessments addressing impacts on existing allied message standards and systems technical accuracy effect on doctrine and identification of potential problems and provide solutions and recommendations for implementation.
• Attend and provide technical support for Air Force, Joint and Coalition-related multi-TDL meetings.

Who We Are
Oasis Systems is a premier provider of customer-driven, cost-effective and quality Engineering Services; Enterprise Systems and Applications; Human Factors Engineering; Information Technology and Cyber Security; Professional Services; and Specialized Engineering Solutions to the Department of Defense, FAA, NRC and other federal agencies.

We strive to be an exciting and welcoming company that attracts, develops, motivates and retains the most talented, skilled and dedicated people in the industry; where they are encouraged to achieve personal excellence, purpose, and their full potential and career aspirations; while supporting mission-critical national security technologies and programs.

Oasis Systems is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of any legally protected characteristic including, but not limited to, race, color, religion, national origin, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, ancestry, age, medical condition, military veteran status or on the basis of physical handicap which, with reasonable accommodation, render the application to satisfactorily perform the job available.",3.7,"Oasis Systems LLC
3.7","Hampton, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
6,Air Force and Navy Data Analysts Virtual Hiring Event,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Oasis Systems Hiring Event! Offers on the Spot!

Event Details
Date: Tuesday, September 29, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Air Force and Navy Data Analysts

Intake Details:

Requirements

Secret Clearance, BA Degree

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the video interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

What to bring to this event

Updated resume

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Casual (come as you are, but please be presentable).

About Oasis Systems

Oasis Systems is a leading technology services company providing a broad range of capabilities in Systems Engineering, Enterprise Systems and Applications, Information Technology, Cyber Security, Specialized Engineering Solutions, Human Factors Engineering, and Professional Services. Oasis creates sustainable value for mission critical programs with all Department of Defense Branches, FAA, NRC and other Federal Agencies. With people in 36 states and 10 countries Oasis delivers talent, innovation and intelligence for mission success.

Please Visit Our Page for more information!
https://www.oasissystems.com/

Our Career Page

https://oasiscareers-oasissystems.icims.com/jobs/intro?hashed=-435679158&mobile=false&width=1332&height=500&bga=true&needsRedirect=false&jan1offset=-300&jun1offset=-240

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Air Force and Navy Data Analysts

We have openings in Virginia Beach and Langley AFB in Norfolk VA

https://oasiscareers-oasissystems.icims.com/jobs/search?ss=1&searchLocation=12781-12830-Virginia+Beach",3.7,"Oasis Systems
3.7","Hampton, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
7,Data Warehouse Technical Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"IMT Insurance is hiring a Data Warehouse Technical Analyst in our Research and Development department to design, maintain, and provide support for data warehouse systems and other related data marts. This individual will also implement and enforce standards and procedures to ensure data is managed consistently and properly integrated within the warehouse. If you have strong time management and excellent communication skills, this position is for you!

A DAY IN THE LIFE:

Responsible for data warehouse design and configuration.
Ensures the accuracy and quality of warehouse data.
Map data between source systems, data warehouses, and data marts.
Develop data warehouse process models, including sourcing, loading, transformation, and extraction.
Defines user requirements and database design specifications.
Develop diagrams or flow charts of system operation.
Acts as a liaison between users, developers, DBAs and network administrators on data warehouse issues.
Interface with DBAs and security team on security and data masking needs.
Provides technical support and coordination during warehouse design, testing and movement to production.
Develop procedures for data management.
Responsible for coding and documenting procedures, and programming, testing and debugging data warehouses.

WHAT YOU’LL NEED:

Actively listens with strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to effectively manage multiple projects at once and prioritize
Maintain technical expertise and knowledge of current trends and techniques
Experienced with cloud-based solutions
Experienced with a programming or scripting language
Data base user interface and query software including SQL
Experienced with database infrastructure
Must possess the ability to work well with others
A college degree or equivalent needed to perform normal functions plus 5+ years of experience needed to perform the essential functions of the job.

Are you still wondering, ‘Why IMT?’ Well let me tell you more. We’ve been named a top workplace for seven years in a row because of the great people who work here. We also pride ourselves in being a family-orientated company, living true to the work/life balance lifestyle. Our employees benefit from a fun, but professional environment taking part in activities and events throughout the year that provides the perfect blend of social opportunities, personal and career development, and community involvement.

If want to learn more, I suggest you apply today!",4.4,"IMT Insurance
4.4","West Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1884,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
8,Accounting Data and Systems Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Make your mark. Our internal firm services focuses on the firm’s critical business needs. From marketing to internal accounting and everything in between, our integrated solution approach is designed to help enable and manage growth, leverage resources, and mitigate firm operations. At Plante Moran, we have a privilege of serving clients and providing consultative services as they face challenges and seek new opportunities.

Your role.

Your work will include, but not be limited to:

· Understand and report on financial data throughout various accounting systems.

· Work in a fast-paced environment as part of a team to support application administration for the various systems used in Internal Accounting and around the Firm for reporting, dashboards and alerts.

· Troubleshoot problems, resolve system issues and improve overall data quality and system usage experience for the Firm’s national and international entities.

· Participate in various system upgrades and implementation projects by collaborating with other internal teams such as Human Resources and Technology.

· Key resource for developing datasets, analyzing data and reporting inconsistencies, and communicating data limitations. Projects might include Firm budgeting, business rule verification and correction, and variance analysis across systems.

· Assisting 3400+ partners and staff with reporting and analysis requests or system needs and inquiries by being part of our internal helpdesk support solution.

· Design and provide support for ETL processes through SQL, Alteryx and Excel for the Internal Accounting department reporting, plan and analysis functions.

The qualifications.

· Accounting Skills desired

o Understanding of general ledger and associated journal entries

o Understands key performance measures and indicators that drive reporting and analytics

· Technology Skills required

o Understanding of relational database concepts

o Experience building and /or designing datasets, reports, or dashboards

o Advanced knowledge of Excel, as well as proficiency with MS office 365 suite

o Familiarity with SQL databases and coding, SQL Reporting Services, and/or Crystal Reports preferred

· Analytical abilities required

o Creative, critical thinking, and problem solving

o Strong troubleshooting skills.

o Analyze and organize data

o Understand internal processes and terminology

· Strong aptitude for technology with a desire to understand systems, challenge and streamline existing processes, and create new processes

· Experience with financial system management/maintenance preferred but not required.

· Strong time management skills and ability to meet deadlines.

· Strong interpersonal and communication skills required to:

o promote positive working relationships with diverse personalities/roles at all levels in the firm

o explain and interpret accounting/financial information to non-financial people

o Contribute to a positive team attitude and environment as well as project collaboration

· Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Computer Sciences or a related field is required

· Qualified individuals must either reside in or near the Metro Detroit area or be willing to relocate to the area for this opportunity. This position may require some local and national travel.

Our difference.

We are a nationally recognized public accounting, consulting, and wealth management firm, consistently ranked as one of FORTUNE magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For.” At Plante Moran, we live by the Golden Rule, fostering a relatively “jerk-free” culture with the lowest staff turnover rate in the industry. Our supportive network of well-rounded professionals is excited to catapult your growth and help pave your pathway to professional excellence.

Apply now. Make your mark.

This is an exempt position, so you may have to work hours that exceed the standard 40-hour work week.

Plante Moran is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse workplace.

Interested applicants must submit their resume for consideration using our applicant tracking system. Due to the high volume of applications received, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship, with the exception of candidates that are bilingual in Japanese and English. Unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies, or similar, will not be paid a fee and become the property of Plante Moran.

The specific statements above are not intended to be all-inclusive.",3.9,"Plante Moran
3.9","Southfield, MI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1924,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
9,Contract Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Amyx is seeking to hire a Contract Data Analyst located in Rosslyn, VA. The successful candidate must have A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization. Also, a minimum of 2 years of experience serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities and Skills:

Knowledge of WAWF eBusiness processes.
Knowledge of the federal acquisition process.
Knowledge of contracting principles, laws regulation and procedures.
Knowledge of methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.
Knowledge and Experience of the WAWF eBusienss Suite, to include: iRAPT, EDA, IUID, CDR, MyInvoice, and Contract Closeout.
Good verbal, analytical and written communication skills.
Good organizational skills in tracking data and actions.
Knowledge and Experience writing professional documents.
Knowledge and Experience in Customer Service.
Skilled in Business Intelligence Reporting.
Proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of applications including Word, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Project as well as with Adobe Acrobat.

Supported Technologies:
Integrative Acquisition Environment
DOD acquisition system

Qualifications:

Required Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and preferred majors are accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.
2 years of experience required in serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:
Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition procedures

Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.
Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
Physical Demands
Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.",4.0,"Amyx, Inc.
4.0","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
10,Data and Insight Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data & Insight Analyst is responsible for architecting and developing complex best-in-class and innovative analytics and reporting solutions in Healthcare. This role will have responsibility for establishing, running, and sustaining processes and practices that support reporting for Analytics & Quality solutions applications. The Data & Insight Analyst should have a passion for data, working with business people, creating solutions and driving value. This role will need an understanding of the US healthcare system, claim data, and medical coding to effectively perform in this role.

Responsibilities:

Architect and hands-on development of complex Analytics and Reporting solutions.
Implementing and configuring reporting technologies such as Excel, Tableau or MicroStrategy.
Working with SQL on databases T-SQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and MySQL.
Architect, design, build and integrate solutions using Microsoft SQL Server and other big data tools such as: Scala/Spark, R, Pig, etc. This also includes redesigning existing reports for enhanced utility and usability.
Drive automation capabilities into reporting solutions.
Establish credibility and strong working relationship with development and client teams to review design and code for completion of projects.
Deliver targeted outcomes based upon modeled data.
Maintain our repository and other relevant documentation.
Supports development of other analysts on the team by sharing and training on best practices.
Consulting skills strong enough to work with clients on their analytic needs.
Complete all responsibilities as outlined on annual Performance Plan.
Complete all special projects and other duties as assigned.
Must be able to perform duties with or without reasonable accommodation.

What we are looking for:

Strong understanding of healthcare claims data, specifically how data is stored in analytical platforms, and how to use and apply claims data in the validation of payment audit concepts and other projects.
Expertise in big data analysis techniques and advanced analytic tools (e.g., Tableau, SAS, R, SQL)
Strong ability to use statistical methodology to solve business problems.
Ability to understand, generate and evaluate healthcare utilization, unit cost and medical cost trends. This includes understanding levers that affect healthcare cost, such as contracting, networks, policies, benefit structures, and product design. Ability to draw conclusions and make recommendations based on financial and claims data.
Ability to actively and skillfully conceptualize, apply, analyze, synthesize, and/or evaluate information gathered from, or generated by, observation, experience, reflection, reasoning, or communication, as a guide to belief and action.
Ability to gain acceptance of recommendations made to other departments or individuals for internal and external business partners.
Consults on and applies knowledge, skills, tools and techniques to execute projects effectively and efficiently in alignment with organizational competencies and strategic business goals. Ability to articulate and document a scope, process, accountable owners and project milestones and timelines. Includes summarizing project health and outcomes at any point in the project lifecycle.
Strong understanding of the tenets of health insurance, the managed care model, Commercial, Medicare and Medicaid rules, industry coding/policy standards, the claim adjudication process, and issues related to fraud waste and abuse; Ability to apply this knowledge to the development and evaluation of new initiatives and contribute the team strategy toward best practices.
Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Power Point and Outlook); advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel.
Familiarity with data warehousing concepts.
Attention to detail and accuracy.
Organizational skills.
Desire and capacity to learn new concepts and software.
Artistic eye capable of producing attractive, easy to use reports and analyses.
Strong analytical and problem-solving ability.
Professional with ability to properly handle PHI and confidential information.
Ability to handle multiple tasks, prioritize and meet deadlines.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree required in relevant field (Computer Science, Math, Analytics, Health Sciences or related field of study)
3+ years’ experience in advanced analytics, delivering actionable insights from data, database and big data analytics environments
2+ years’ experience with business intelligence (data visualization and dashboarding, Tableau, etc.) and multiple scripting languages (procedural languages such as T-SQL, Scala, R, Python, etc.)
Experience with SQL syntax for multiple databases (e.g., standard MSSQL, PL/SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL)
Experience in Agile environment, Jira preferred
Out of the box thinking and creativity are essential
Ability to work independently as well as collaborate as a team

Work Environment

This is a fully remote position and requires individuals to work in the US, have access to high speed internet and a work environment that is free from distractions.
After hours / weekend work required where necessary for major deliverables / deadlines (not consistent)
Must have flexibility and willingness to participate in the work processes of an international organization, including conference calls scheduled to accommodate global time zones.

#LI-JB1

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",2.6,"Cotiviti, Inc.
2.6","Atlanta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1979,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
11,Marketing Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Can you work in a relationship with other people where it requires ongoing flexibility?
Do you have an upbeat, positive attitude?
Do you take pride in knowing you are helping to make things happen?
If you can answer yes to these questions, Idaho Central Credit Union may have an opportunity ideally suited for you.
As a Marketing Data Analyst, your primary function is to interpret credit union data, analyze results and implement decisions based on the data. You will be responsible for turning data into information and insight that aids in campaign and business decisions. Also you will be responsible for performing a range of functions in support of market research, market assessment and campaign implementation.

Assist in managing technical aspects of key marketing systems (marketing automation, CRM, data warehouse) used to generate, distribute, and report.
Establish and maintain scalable processes that ensure best practices in campaign and lead management.
Create and maintain metrics reports on marketing and sales activities, effectiveness, and business impact.
Analyze marketing and sales data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization
Monitor and maintain data quality within the marketing database.
Evaluate new technologies and add-on applications to improve and optimize marketing team performance.
Manage membership targeting to strengthen relationships, prevent attrition, and increase profitability.
Leverage web and email engagement to create member insight and data to help improve individual experiences with our digital channels.
Generate and govern segmentation efforts by developing queries and custom reports, target groups, and campaigns for product and service performance.
Track all marketing campaigns and provide meaningful analysis and insight for future efforts.
Analyze consumer segments and other demographic information from the membership database to provide insight for product development, usage, and cross-sell opportunities.
Manage third-party vendor integration with marketing systems including Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Integrator MCIF, Encompass CRM and Microsoft Power BI.
Represent the Credit Union at community events as needed.

Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Mass Communication, Advertising or related field. 5-9 years of experience with database marketing required. Preferable experience with: Raddon Integrator MCIF, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, and data warehouse experience. Strong analytical skills. Proficiency in marketing automation systems and integrating those systems with other technologies. Technically capable, excellent communicator and a desire to improve processes. Math skills, Secondary-level computer knowledge including Microsoft Office, especially Excel and pivot tables, etc. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of Credit Union and member records at all times. A demonstrated cooperative and positive attitude toward members and other Credit Union staff. Professional in appearance, attendance, quality, and quantity of work performed. Ability to analyze member needs, develop, and coordinate marketing activities to fit member needs with Credit Union products and services. Must be willing to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot Act as implemented by Idaho Central Credit Union. Team member will be asked to work extended/unique hours.
Perform tasks requiring manual dexterity (processing paperwork, filing, stapling, sorting, collating, typing, counting cash, etc.) Sit for extended periods of time. Lift 20-40 pounds of office supplies (copy paper, computer paper, mail, etc). Some heavy lifting may be required in order to execute proper event logistics. Repetitive motion using wrists, hands, and fingers. Reach keyboards. Ability to operate basic office machines (calculator, computer, telephone, copy machine, fax machine, etc).
Must be eligible for membership at Idaho Central Credit Union to obtain employment.
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability
Idaho Central Credit Union is a dynamic financial institution that is focused on helping our members achieve financial success. Established in 1940 we have become the largest and fastest growing financial institution in the state of Idaho. ICCU was voted for large companies the Best Place to work in Idaho. We have also been named by S&P Global Market Intelligence as the top performing credit union in the nation. We are a talent based organization looking for talented individuals to help our members achieve financial success.",4.2,"Idaho Central Credit Union
4.2","Chubbuck, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
12,Senior Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want to innovate customer experiences and make business decisions smarter through data? Are you ready to join a collaborative and motivated team diving into cutting edge big data technology? As an Senior Data Analyst on the Single View of the Customer (SVOC) team, you’ll thrive in a fast-paced innovative culture that turns data into information, and uses that information to drive action. You will have the opportunity to interact with all our SVOC scrum teams, ensuring that we are incorporating new technologies seamlessly, all while providing value to our customers. This opportunity also allows you to dive in to complex technologies, and work with a very forward-thinking group of peers!

Familiar, but never leveraged big data technologies? No worries! When you first join our SVOC team, you will have the opportunity to come up to speed on the cutting-edge technologies we use to develop SVOC!

Basic Qualifications:

o Significant experience in facilitating the discovery process with functional stakeholders to identify requirements and expected outcomes.
o Experience in developing test plans and scenarios to ensure the highest quality deliverables
o Strong SQL, data mapping, and data profiling skills
o Working knowledge of Big Data and the Hadoop Ecosystem
o Outstanding time management skills and attention to detail
o Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
o Strong presentation skills. Should be comfortable with presenting to all levels of management
o A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, related field (business, finance, mathematics, computer science), or equivalent professional experience is required

Preferred Qualifications:

o Understanding and experience with Web Services and APIs
o Experience in querying NoSQL databases
o Knowledge and experience working in an Agile environment
o Exposure to QLIK or other data visualization tools
o Experience with providing Production Support

Note: The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.
About GEICO:
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

As a full-time Senior Data Analyst, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including:
• Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**
• Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave
• 401(k) Plan with Profit Sharing
• Tuition Reimbursement
• Paid Training and Licensures
Benefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service.
*Coverage begins with the pay period after hire date. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect.

GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply
Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.

#DI-AT

#GDOORIT

#LI-AT1",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
13,Data Governance Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Governance team of Decision Sciences and Transformation (DSaT) department is seeking a highly motivated Data Governance Analyst to start a career at GEICO.

Building our Data Governance platform, you will be at the intersection of data, systems, and people. You will work closely with IT and business stakeholders to onboard critical data assets and establish relevant processes with the ultimate goal of making it easier for teams across GEICO to find, understand, trust, and access the data they need. You will leverage your skills and knowledge to help establish our data governance practices and enhance data-driven business performance and compliance. You will support data stewards through education and facilitation of data issue resolution. You will participate in the entire software development lifecycle (SDLC) by writing requirements and user test plans as well as problem solving during development and deployment.

Requirements Qualifications:

1-3 years of experience in Data Governance, Metadata Management, Business Intelligence, or Data Analysis
1-3 years of experience capturing and documenting complex business and functional requirements
Exposure to Data Governance or Data Management tools (such as Collibra, IBM IIS, Informatica, etc.)
Experience working within an Agile (Scrum, Kanban) methodology
Ability to interact with internal customers at all levels to resolve issues and provide solutions
Ability to identify problems/opportunities, analyze root cause, and present recommendations
Excellent verbal and written communications skills as well as communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, MIS, Computer Science, or other Technology field preferred


Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with data lineage, data cataloging, and/or data policy implementation
Experience with data analysis/BI tools such as Qlik, MicroStrategy, or Tableau
Knowledge and understanding of data governance challenges and best practices for metadata, data quality, and data stewardship
Working knowledge of Big Data, Data Lakes, and the Hadoop ecosystem
Experience with data profiling or defining data quality rules
Experience writing/editing internal communications or training-related materials in a corporate environment
Note: The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Indianapolis, IN office.

About GEICO:

For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

As a full-time Data Governance Analyst, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including:

• Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**
• Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave
• 401(k) Plan with Profit Sharing
• Tuition Reimbursement
• Paid Training and Licensures
Benefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service.
*Coverage begins with the pay period after hire date. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect.

GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply

Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Indianapolis, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
14,SQL Developer/Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Corbins Electric, we believe people are first! Our teammates, our partners, and our customers can expect that we genuinely care to serve them and look out for their best interests. Our culture is built on the cornerstone of our Core Values – Passion, Relationships, Innovation, Development and Excellence! They set our expectation of each and every employee and are integrated in everything we do. As one of the largest electrical contractors in the Southwest and an industry leader in virtual construction, fabrication, electrical construction, and electrical service, we continually look for people who share in our Core Values to better themselves and contribute to our mission of changing the construction industry as empowered thought leaders.
As the SQL Developer/Data Analyst you will be providing cutting edge analysis of financial and construction data. You will work with key stakeholders to design processes and present data in a meaningful way to help drive business decisions. You will design the database structure and basic workflows for reimagined processes while ensuring data integrity. You will get the opportunity to drive the entire process from start to finish: inception to finished product that we put in our users hands.

Build databases and write database transactions
Develop database structures to accurately and efficiently store data from new or existing processes
Develop the front end for basic CRUD apps to map these in a platform called Xalt (rapid app development platform) using the database structures created
Build Basic UI components to display data and processes in Xalt
Develop SQL stored procedures that produce and manipulate data in a useful way
Utilize different data sources to provide connected data analysis
Develop SQL analysis queries to produce insights about the company
Continuously work with key stakeholders to clean up data and streamline data analysis

Advanced skill in T-SQL, stored procedures, and common table expressions (CTE)
Ability to develop appropriate relational database structures given requirements
Ability to work with different data sources and consolidate the information
Understanding of object oriented design concepts
Understanding of programming paradigms and best practices
Basic UX/UI understanding
Passionate to understand business environments and translate business needs into technical requirements to provide technical solutions for the business.
Enjoys working with key stakeholders and business leaders to develop requirements and adept at communicating technical ideas to non-technical audiences”
Ability to handle multiple tasks in a detailed efficient manner
Enjoys working in a team environment
PowerBI or other data visualization experience is preferred, but not required
Education/Certifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field",3.8,"Corbins Electric
3.8","Phoenix, AZ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1975,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
15,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our data operations team is the pharmacy support system for our customers - we help them transition to divvyDOSE, manage their prescriptions, answer their questions, and coordinate care with their health team. This work is coordinated across pharmacists, technicians, and customer support staff to ensure we provide the best care for our customers. Among other things, we transfer prescriptions to and from other pharmacies, contact medical care providers to understand treatments and request prescription refills and answer inbound questions from our customers.

You will:


Your goal is to help the operation run more effectively and efficiently through data analysis, reporting, dash-boarding, and special projects. You will help us build context through better reporting and drive the business forward by providing data-driven recommendations on ways to improve efficiency and optimize our operation. On any given day you might be presenting to our executive team, doing a deep dive on call analytics, or working with a small team to prototype and test new processes.
Become an expert and go-to resource for our process flows and our operational data
Work with operations management to develop actionable operations performance dashboards across all areas of the organization
Perform ad-hoc data analysis to identify measurable improvements to our operation, and advocate for those improvements via presentations and reports
Maintain and improve operations forecasting models
Collaborate with Finance and Technology teams to ensure we are able to continue to effectively measure our operation as technology improves
Communicate effectively and efficiently across multiple teams and work groups
Requirements
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to tackling very loosely defined problems and still deliver high-quality output
Advanced proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and strong written and oral communication
Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment
3-5 years of analyst experience
Bachelor's degree, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
Experience with BI tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus
Job Title: Data Analyst

Job Type: Full-time

FLSA Status: Exempt

Benefits

In addition to competitive salary and a unique opportunity to thrive at a growing company, divvyDOSE offers various formal benefits as well.

INSURANCE, PAID TIME OFF, & RETIREMENT

Full-time employees receive Sick days, Vacation days, and Holiday Bonuses as well as employer-paid Medical (including a Health Savings Account with an employer contribution), Dental, Vision, and Life insurance. In addition, we're proud to offer Voluntary Life & AD&D, Short Term Disability, and Long Term Disability coverage. A 401k plan with employer contribution is available, too.

SOCIAL EVENTS

In our company description, you can tell the divvyTEAM likes to have fun. Regular potlucks, company events, pizza days, wellness challenges, and divvyNEWS You Can Use updates maintain our work-hard play-hard culture.

divvyDOSE provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in the United States.

Apply for this job",3.4,"divvyDOSE
3.4","Moline, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
16,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Healthcare’s helping hand.
The (quality) doctor is in.
Modio has streamlined the convoluted and messy process that is healthcare credentialing and saved countless years of manual and error-prone work in the process. As part of CHG Healthcare we are working to drastically improve the speed (and quality) of credentialing to ensure that our doctors can spend more time treating (millions) of patients each year and less time dealing with credentialing headaches.
Our industry is growing and demand is high. This means you’ll have plenty of opportunities to grow and develop in your career. Keeping healthcare healthy can be as fun as it is rewarding.
Modio is seeking a new member to join the Data Services team. This position entails the careful handling and preparation of client data as exports from other software systems in order to streamline the implementation process for new clients, as well as providing ongoing support for existing clients’ data requirements.
Your role:
Work with engineering resources to extract usable spreadsheet tables from client-provided system exports
Cleanse and standardize client data for custom import to Modio platform
Work with engineering resources to optimize import process
Manage client data implementation lifecycle and effectively communicate timelines and concerns with clients
Triage data cleansing and import queue with other project leads
Assist in maintaining data integrity on platform by cross-checking imported datasets
Your qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
1-3 years working in a relevant position and/or educational background in similar field
Ability to interact regularly with clients and internal Implementations team
Microsoft Office proficiency (with focus on Excel)
Skills:
You are a detail-oriented worker with an eye for pattern recognition
You are experienced in Excel and can work with backup file types (e.g. .bak files)
You are a natural project manager
In return, we offer:
Competitive pay
Healthcare coverage with corporate wellness program
Free health center and health coaching for employees and dependents
14 days of PTO your first year and paid holidays
Hall of fame development programs as recognized by Training Magazine
Click here to learn more about our company and culture
How to Get Started
To have your resume reviewed by Talent Acquisition, click “Apply” at the top of the screen.
We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer
Veterans/Disabled
We are an at-will employer",4.5,"CHG Healthcare
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1979,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
17,Data Analyst II,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst II.

Job Summary:

Responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies. Identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools (e.g. SQL, Access) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes. Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection/processing/cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models/algorithms and data visualization techniques. Incumbents in this role may often be referred to as Data Scientists.

Responsibilities:
Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analysis and report preparation.
Commands knowledge of data elements across the enterprise and industry – definitions, lineage and usage
Executes creation of tabular operational reports and aggregation reports with medium to high complexity.
Commands intermediate to expert level t-SQL coding proficiency
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Responsible for documenting metadata, data lineage, data definitions and business glossary entries.
Handles basic data transformation tasks such as date and decimal formatting, rounding of numeric values, and conversion of numeric values to percentages.
Has intermediate to expert level SSIS ETL build proficiency
Works with Data stewards to enforce adherence to standards for enhancements and new repositories.
Handles more complicated report requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing (e.g. Fibonacci or similar) and trend analysis.
Can deduce portfolio or market trends from reports or chart analysis.
Understands business logic for aggregation and analysis services.
Can perform data transformation and can produce dimensional reports
Can perform basic data profiling activities, understands cardinality
Helps to define guidelines for data management, governance and reporting
May direct day-to-day work of employees, but will not typically have formal management role.
Individual at this level is expected to use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts.
Individual would be expected to contribute to work flow or process change and redesign and to form a strong basic understanding of the specific product or process.
Qualifications:
Typically exhibits strong executional capabilities and is beginning to take on more responsibility.
Primary focus is on execution within defined parameters, with some expansion based on developing capabilities and or experiences. In partnership with more experienced staff.
Minimum of 5 years of experience.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics (or similar) or equivalent work experience
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online.",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Ewing, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
18,Transportation Data Analyst III,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Opportunity
The Transportation Data Analyst III is responsible to develop and maintain data analytics to measure and drive outstanding service and financial performance of the transportation and customs compliance network, across the United States, Mexico and Canada. Ability to work in a fast pace environment; partnering with management and team members to develop dynamic analytics within transportation and customs compliance that will guide continuous business improvement decisions to optimize service and financial performance.
Responsibilities
Engage with leadership and team members within transportation, customs compliance, and cross functionally, to create data analytics around key performance and financial metrics to identify data driven business decisions.
Create, develop and manage analytics using Excel, SQL and Tableau.
Analyze, model, mine, and interpret data generate new ideas through a deep understanding of the data, supply chain, customers and business.
Manage large databases that include data from various sources.
Translate data into actionable insights.
Manage report data quality, stability, scalability and trustworthiness over time.
Conduct exploratory analysis for improvement opportunities in business areas not actively monitored by stakeholders.
Present business insights, data, and KPI’s to team members and leadership.
Oversee the process to pay carriers weekly, and perform month end reporting.
Develop and implement SOP’s to effectively manage data and reporting.
Candidate Profile


Bachelor’s degree in Supply Chain/ Logistics / Business Analytics with 3+yrs years’ experience in supply chain, logistics and/or transportation / customs compliance.
Excellent oral and written communications skills with the ability to communicate professionally and effectively at multiple levels both inside and outside of the organization.
Highly proficient with Tableau, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel, Word, Power Point and Outlook.
Strong track record of performing high impact business analysis and building useful data tools with tangible business results.
Strong storytelling – interpreting insights into a concise and compelling story others can embrace.
Possess a thorough understanding of transportation finance, operations, internal systems and network functions.
Complete tasks and projects in an accurate, timely, and efficient manner.
Ability to thrive in a fast paced, and collaborative environment with a diverse group of individuals.
Bilingual – English/Spanish preferred.
Perform other duties as assigned by Driscoll’s management.
Driscoll's",4.2,"Driscoll's
4.2","Watsonville, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1900,Company - Private,Food Production,Agriculture & Forestry,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
19,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Big Health, our purpose is to help millions back to good mental health. Our “digital therapeutics” - Daylight™, for worry & anxiety, and Sleepio™, for poor sleep - are fully automated cognitive and behavioral programs that are as scalable and clinically validated as drugs. Our software combines the intimacy of the human voice, engaging animation, and clinically rigorous techniques to help people overcome their mental health challenges. Big Health’s products are backed by 50 published clinical papers including 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and are cited in leading clinical guidelines including the American College of Physicians and NICE. Today, over 12 million people worldwide have reimbursed access to Big Health’s products, via leading employers in the US and the UK’s NHS.

As an Analyst at Big Health, you will develop a definitive knowledge of user data for our products and use that knowledge to answer big-picture questions about how people interact with our products and what outcomes they achieve. Your work will ensure our products reach the people who need them, inform decisions all the way up to the executive level, and keep us ahead of the curve by identifying the metrics that matter.
Responsibilities and Outcomes
Provide accurate reporting on user engagement and behavior to internal consumers company-wide.
Consolidate frequent requests into dashboards and other on-demand resources.
Help the Customer Success and Sales teams make their cases with compelling quantitative claims and sound supporting evidence.
Identify trends in client, end user, and marketing data that make the Customer Success team more effective at driving adoption of our products. Write scripts that automate regular reporting to clients and partners.
Develop engaging ways to depict and present multifaceted outcomes data to clients.
Manage financial datasets and the processes for keeping them up-to-date and accurate.
Core Competencies
You should be able to write complicated SQL queries, be a power user of R or Python for data analysis and manipulation, have some experience with scripting, and have strong skills in Excel/ Google sheets.
Comprehensive data manipulation abilities that allow you to confidently transform data while maintaining its integrity using all the tools listed above.
Exceptional attention to detail - the numbers you share will have a big impact, so you will need to be sure that they reflect what you intend.
Strong communication and presentation skills. Analyzing and compiling data is only the first step - you also need to be able to effectively communicate your findings to the rest of the team (including people who aren’t familiar with data analysis).
Experience with stakeholder management. You will need to juggle diverse requests from across the company, so the ability to set expectations and hit the hard deadlines you agree to is essential.
Life at Big Health
Be part of a team that includes clinical psychologists, software engineers, business leaders and even a former professional magician [shh… it’s a secret].
Surround yourself with the smartest, most enthusiastic and dedicated people you’ll ever meet, but who listen well, learn from their mistakes and when things go wrong, generously pull together to help each other out
Check out our values - they’re a living, breathing part of our culture
Enjoy benefits including a generous vacation policy, professional development fund, flexible working locations and more.
Competitive salary packages including stock options.
Because we are on a mission to bring millions back to good mental health, we believe it’s essential to reflect the diversity of those we intend to serve. We’re an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building a culturally and experientially diverse team that leads with empathy and respect. Additionally, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance",5.0,"Big Health (CA)
5.0",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
20,Energy Research and Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview:

Edison Energy is the expert independent advisor for commercial, industrial, and institutional energy users, delivering comprehensive, data driven and integrated global energy solutions. We provide a full-suite of sustainability-driven& energy management solutions including specialized delivery of renewables, supply, demand, engineering, portfolio advisory and analytics services, serving market leaders facing an increasingly complex energy environment.

As a wholly owned subsidiary of Edison International (NYSE: EIX), Edison Energy combines sophisticated, cloud-based analytics and focused energy advisory services with Edison International’s scale and stability to deliver high-quality services to our clients. Our goal is to leverage our years of experience in traditional power and gas markets, renewable energy and sustainability advisory, and engineering and implementation services to design solutions that empower our clients to build economically sustainable energy portfolios.

Position Overview:

This role is an entry-level position within Edison’s Integrated Services team.

The primary goal for the Integrated Services team, which the Energy Research and Data Analyst position reports to, is to gain efficiencies through process development and standardization for client service delivery while maintaining the highest level of accuracy, timeliness and professionalism.

The Energy Research and Data Analyst will help internal and external customers achieve their goals by developing and maintaining custom reporting comprised of accurate and reliable data. This position is also responsible for maintaining various internal and external software programs utilized in data management and reporting.

Primary Responsibilities:
Prepare and develop various customer accounting and management reports (month-end costs, marked-to-market, budget reports, unit cost, volume/spend analyses, etc.)
Thoroughly analyze and validate key customer metrics across multiple data management systems to ensure accuracy and to identify trends and anomalies
Audit invoices against applicable tariff and/or contract terms
Resolve discrepancies directly with vendors and track avoided costs
Process invoices for payment according to customer parameters
Special Projects
Conduct research pertaining to industry, clients, utility tariffs, rate schedules and riders
Support energy managers with complex supply RFP activities
Collaborate with internal teams to serve client needs
Seek operational efficiencies through process development and standardization
Job Requirements:
Previous exposure to the energy industry is preferred, specifically doing data analysis and reporting
Attention to detail
Ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities and deadlines
Customer service, analytical and organizational skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office; particularly Microsoft Excel
Motivated to continually improve processes and tools
Eager to learn
Interpersonal skills with ability to communicate both written and verbally in a professional manner
Aptitude to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and create plan for resolution
Ability to decipher and process data points from multiple channels
Ability to effectively learn and work independently in a remote environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree (Business, Finance, Accounting or Engineering preferred)
Work Environment:
Regular professional, office business setting
Noise level ranges from low to moderate (if in office setting)
Noise level ranges from moderate to high (if on construction worksite)
Benefits for Full-Time Employees:
Generous Paid Time Off (includes but not limited to Paid Parental Leave, Bereavement, Jury Duty, Sick, Vacation, etc.)
National Holiday Pay& Float Holidays
401(k) Employer Matching
Health Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
Employer 100% Paid Life Insurance Benefits
Employer 100% Paid Short Term and Long Term Disability
Supplemental (Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits, Cancer/Critical Care, Hospitalization, Accident)
Recognition of Hard Work and Exemplary Performance
Clean, Air Conditioned, Friendly Working Environment
Discretionary Bonus Based on Several Factors
LOCATION: This position will be located in Dublin, OH.",2.9,"Edison Energy
2.9","Dublin, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
21,Sr Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position location: Lake Mary, FLor Blue Bell, PA

Position Summary
The Senior Data Analyst drives pharma client analytics solutions for United BioSource Corporation (UBC), supporting many of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to improve patient lives, support drug safety programs, and help manage new Clinical studies.

Responsibilities

· Build and continually improve Tableau dashboard offerings for business partners.

· Monitor and analyze business performance, providing targeted dashboards and recommendations for operational improvement.

· Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for business data, systems and processes under team’s area of support.

· Write and edit SQL code to ensure data is pulled optimally.

Required Qualifications

· BS in a technical field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, IS, Computer Science, etc).

· Advanced SQL skills.

· Advanced dashboard design skills, including 2+ years of experience with a dashboard toolset (Tableau, Qlik, Domo, Birst, etc).

· 2+ years of data analysis experience.

· Excellent communication and presentation ability.

· Excellent project management skills.

· Highly self-motivated.

Preferred Qualifications

· MS in a Data-related field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, etc).

· Expert-level SQL skills

· Expert-level Tableau skills.

· Advanced R skills.

· Healthcare (ideally pharma) experience.

·Minimal travel is required (",2.5,"United BioSource
2.5","Blue Bell, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Other Organization,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
22,Marketing Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


As a key member of the Analytics team, the Marketing DataAnalyst will be responsible for data-driven insights that enable eFinancial and Fidelity Life Association to optimize business processes and grow rapidly. The Marketing Data Analyst will gather, organize and aggregate large sets of data in order to produce meaningful business insight in areas such as lead management, call center effectiveness, marketing spend effectiveness, and revenue generation. If you would love being an owner-operator of a fast-growing complex online business with modern technology stacks, building analytical and infrastructure solutions, and driving profitability via analytics, the Senior Marketing Analyst role is for you!

Responsibilities
Own the end-to-end lead performance management analytics to maximize risk-adjusted lifetime value generated by converting marketing spend into revenue
Develop lead / traffic forecasts by marketing channel, interpret sales conversion data, analyze and monitor results and recommend adjustments to keep marketing spend efficiency on track
Develop point solutions such as dynamic bidding models to guide lead and media buy
Work effectively with cross-functional partners in Business Intelligence, Marketing, and Finance to keep data initiatives on track, and provide periodic sales lead performance reporting to management team
Extract/extrapolate trends from competitor, user behavior, and market positioning analyses and recommend tangible opportunities for Business Development teams to maximize value of marketing relationships
Qualifications
Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause/ analyses
Strong verbal and written communications skills that enable you to explain complex insights with clarity and precision to executive management
Experience developing insights across various areas of customer related data: financial, product and marketing
Proficiency in MS SQL/MySQL, Tableau/PowerBI and mastery of Microsoft Suite (Excel)
Knowledge of cloud-based data structures including Redshift, and programming languages such as Python a huge plus
An analytical mindset with relevant education such as a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Finance or any related field
2-5 years of experience as a Data/Business/Financial Analyst with large, complex data sources
EEOC/Other


eFinancial is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workplace. As an eFinancial employee, you will be eligible for Medical and Dental Insurance, Health Savings Accounts, Flexible Spending Accounts (Health, Dependent Care & Transit), Vision Care, 401(K), Short-term and Long-term Disability, Life and AD&D coverages.",3.6,"Efinancial
3.6",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
23,Senior Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Please do not apply through Glassdoor; the application form needs to be completed in order to be considered. TO APPLY, VISIT: https://grnh.se/eb8d01633us.

About Us: At Emendata, we help bridge the gap between data and the real world. We partner with organizations that have a social mission and help them tackle their problems using analytics. Our role in these partnerships goes end to end—we handle everything from wrangling the data to analyzing the problem to turning the results into something actionable. Importantly, we understand that this analytics pipeline does not live in a vacuum. Getting to meaningful numbers requires more than just the right methods; it calls for understanding the people, policies, data, and systems involved. With this approach, our small but fast-growing team is having a big impact, taking on challenges like using analytics to combat fraud, waste, and abuse in Medicare.
About the Role: This role leads the way in producing analytics that reflect a deep level of understanding and a high degree of quality. We are looking for you to:
Take analyses from end to end: Understand the client’s problem, identify the right research question, plan the methodology, corral the data, code the analysis, interpret the results, craft the deliverable, and communicate the story
Apply a research mentality: Use all tools at our disposal (documentation, policy regulations, data investigations, etc.) to make sound analytic decisions
Help the team deliver its best work: Turn direction from clients/senior staff into tactical plans and work closely with data analysts to help them implement (conducting code reviews, teaching/reinforcing analytic strategies, etc.)
This role will be a good fit for people who naturally push towards progress and are undeterred when that requires a lot of effort or stepping into unfamiliar territory. Emendata is growing rapidly, and we are looking for people who are excited to march forward together.
Qualifications: If you do not meet all the criteria below but still think you would be a good fit for this role, please apply so we can see if we can find the right spot for you on the team. We value experience but also welcome aptitude and enthusiasm.
Education: Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent technical training
Programming: Experience with SAS is a must (comfortable with SAS macro language, advanced DATA step techniques such as hashes, and PROC SQL); experience with Python, Stata, R, or SQL is a plus
Technical Mentorship: Demonstrated experience with reviewing code and providing feedback
Data Management: Comfortable with the process of importing, cleaning, and preparing data for analysis in a reproducible way
Analysis: Exceptional problem-solving skills with a good understanding of statistical/social science research methods; 4+ years hands-on experience in an analytics role (e.g., economic consulting)
Working Style: Intellectually curious (keep pulling on threads until finding an answer), enterprising (eager to tackle the unknown and find a way to make things happen), and collaborative (work with others to explore, build, tear down, and build again)
To be considered for this position, applicants must have the ability to work in the U.S. without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
About the Interview Process: We want both sides to learn what it would be like to work together. Part way through the interview process, we incorporate a lightweight at-home exercise that serves as the basis for a technical interview. The exercise gives us an outlet to show you what kind of problems this role would tackle and offers you an opportunity to show us how you would approach the work.",-1,Emendata,"Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
24,Data Analyst - Logistics,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"You will like working for us as we have amazing people and a highly collaborative culture. Global success hasn’t changed our tight-knit feel – we’ve simply grown into a larger, more diverse family. We have thousands of jobs around the globe and encourage all of our associates to chase their dreams without having to find them in another company – it truly is a special place.

Under the direction of Director, North America Logistics, this position is responsible for managing and creating spend analysis, operations reports, and compliance tracking for assigned Logistics Strategic and Tactical metrics globally. This position is responsible for spend for all assigned plants and transportation suppliers. Responsible for creating and monitoring daily, weekly, monthly, and summary data and reporting output , management reports, and recommendations in regards to those reports. This position ensures the accuracy, distribution, and integrity of the data using a diverse set of business intelligence tools.

Key Responsibilities:
Design and run reports for improved spend visibility, compliance and identification of productivity opportunities Distribute reports to senior leaders, division general managers, Supply Management and others as needed
Evaluate, implement and deploy new tools to assist in data analytics, market research and other aspects of data analysis
Proactively identify and lead process improvements to data analysis and reporting processes across area of responsibility
Lead data mining required for accurate spend reporting.
Coordinate data maintenance required for Oracle Freight Transportation Intelligence.
Perform routine spend analysis in support of Supply Management / Logistics sourcing events.
Provide summary and detail trend analysis of spend globally.
Develop and provide reporting for both internal and end customers.
Develop and conduct routine data audits to verify data accuracy. Identify and address root causes of problems with data integrity.
Ensure linkage of tools with effective Supply Management and Logistics practices.
Actively participate in training for Oracle OTM / FTI.
Train user in freight transportation intelligence.
Actively participates and engage with business units.
This position is in a perfect location at our corporate headquarters in Hartsville, SC and close to exciting destinations (Myrtle Beach, SC; Charleston, SC; Columbia, SC and Charlotte, NC).

Required Experience/Education:
Bachelor's degree preferred
2+ years of Data Analysis experience and aptitude
Preferred Experience/Education:
Knowledge of Oracle transportation management or similar TMS.
Prior experience on logistics.
Experience using business intelligence tools.
This is a progression experience and level will be based on candidate experience and business needs.

We care about the health and wellness of you and your family. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package that makes it easier to manage your health and provide financial security for you and your family. In addition, we offer competitive wages and retirement plans.

Apply today and help us grow stronger.

For more information, visit www.sonoco.com/careers

#LI-JF1

#GDSponsored

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any legally protected characteristic.",4.0,"Sonoco Products
4.0","Hartsville, SC",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
25,Insight & Analytics Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Insight & Analytics Data Analyst will support our Sr. Analysts and Directors who are managing clients and project work. The position entails measuring business objectives against client KPIs and requires strong technical skills with data analysis and visualization, as well as the ability to craft key insights and findings and present work when required. The Data Analyst will also play a role in various research projects that require an understanding of earned media analysis, and social and web analytics, with a tool-agnostic approach. Multi-tasking and working on several projects at once will be part of the job experience.

Job Functions:
Develops strategy insights that are compelling, actionable, and statistically rigorous, identifying trends and anomalies, and triangulating data gaps
Understanding of project management elements and what role they play, meet deadlines and apply critical thinking to ask questions and help problem solve when needed.
Data visualization expertise and the ability to translate data from multiple data sources into a compelling story.
Has a collaborative mindset, is willing to work with others and take direction.
Applies sophisticated analysis to datasets to discern and identify patterns and recommend relatable actions.
Ability to multi-task and manage competing priorities in a time-sensitive environment.
Ability to ask the right questions to understand business problems and identify measurement or research objectives.
Other duties as assigned.

Minimum/Preferred Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Data Science) or marking/communications (Strategic Communications, Marketing Communications, Market Research), or the equivalent combination of education and experience
2-3 years of data analysis, data visualization, and/or market research experience is required.
Proficient with Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Power BI
Has passion and ability to learn new technologies, tools and platforms. Experience with social analytics platforms such as Talkwalker, Audiense, Netbase, Sprinklr or similar platforms is a plus.
Additional Requirements:
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate actively and work in a team environment.
Solid organizational and project management skills.
Self-motivated and able to adapt quickly to changing priorities and tight deadlines.
Strong presentation and consulting skills along with the ability to read, write and speak English
Experience working remotely or with colleagues in multiple locations
Must be able to work more than 40 hours per week on occasion
Travel: may on occasion need to travel, up to 10%

Equal Opportunity: WE provides equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against an employee or applicant because of age, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or other legally protected class status.
Diversity and Inclusion: WE values a diverse and inclusive workforce and is committed to creating a workplace where everyone thrives. We promote an atmosphere in which diversity of people and ideas are welcomed and valued. Diversity includes differences in race, religion, gender, age, lifestyle, ethnic background and sexual orientation as well as differences in experiences and ideas.
*LI-TQ1
WAG123",3.6,"WE Communications
3.6","Portland, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
26,SQL Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description
Company: Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization
Job Title: SQL Data Analyst
Department: Information Technology
Reports To: CIO
FLSA Status: Exempt
Prepared Date: 1/2/2020
DISCLAIMER:
Job descriptions are not meant to be all-inclusive and/or the job itself is subject to change. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform ETL duties to move data from raw format for use by multiple departments
Apply knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Respond to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Assist other analysts to perform financial analysis of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Work with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identify, develop and implement methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Perform checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintain and apply knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educate and assist in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Collects, compiles and analyzes data to measure and report on provider and program performance.
Must abide to all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD9/ICD10/ICD11 classifications, CPT codes)
of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Minimum level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment: Advanced.
Strong skills in SQL, Microsoft Excel, or other comparable software tools.
Programming languages preferred, notably C#
Experience with ETL process management and data engineering
Strong internet research capabilities.
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus.
High attention to detail
SQL Server / SSRS / Other Analytics Software
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions.
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time.
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience:
Required: Bachelor's degree in statistics, engineering, computer science and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area
Language Skills:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills:
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools. Programming skills preferred in C# or other related languages.
Other Skills and Abilities:
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a MUST. Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands:
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.",3.6,"Palm Beach ACO, LLC
3.6","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
27,Technical Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"GENERAL DESCRIPTION / PRIMARY PURPOSE

The primary responsibilities of the Technical Data Analyst are to conduct full System Design Life Cycle (SDLC) analysis, requirements gathering, solution design activities, implementation and support of data solutions. He/she will perform detailed data analysis, business intelligence tasks including database level administration, report design and data analytics. The Technical Data Analyst will also monitor system performance, provide end user support and identify system and data/reporting improvements.

The Technical Data Analyst will be part of the OneDole ERP initiative working on different areas such as transitioning reports and analytics from our legacy ERP to Microsoft Dynamics, gathering new information requirements with the new systems, solving new needs using Microsoft application (Power BI, SQL Server Studio, Reporting Services, and others).

This position is required to learn and understand the Dole Fresh Fruit business and its business systems (Tranship, Mainsail, OneWorld, Salesforce, Quality System, etc.). This role will also be an extremely important asset for upcoming projects, such as MDM (Master Data Management) and Microsoft Dynamics ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning).
JOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND TASKS/DUTIES OF THE POSITION

Indicate the 6-10 most important responsibilities and, or tasks this position is accountable to accomplish.
Ability to translate business requirements into technical specifications that can be understood and communicated
Design and implement data extractions, data transformation and ETL tasks using SQL Server
Build data solutions with analytics tools such as Tableau and Microsoft Power BI
Use Microsoft BI reporting (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS) and databases (SQL, Oracle, MySql) to fulfill user information needs
Identify opportunities for developing new data sources, and provide technical leadership around making those data sources high quality and broadly available
Support existing data solutions
Be adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Coordinate projects and resources related to databases, data integrity and reporting
Required Skills

JOB SPECIFIC COMPETENCIES (Knowledge, Skill And Experience Requirements)
5+ years’ experience in a data analysis
Experience with data interpretation and visualization and related platforms (e.g. Power BI, Tableau)
Proven ability to work in distributed systems
Proficiency with MS SQL Server required
Must be able to develop creative solutions to problems
High-level written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated understanding of organizational environment and projects alignment to corporate objectives
Ability to work effectively and efficiently towards goals in a complex, diverse environment with multiple and changing demands
Proven ability to find non-traditional means of accomplishing objectives
Strong problem solving and trouble shooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment.
Strong customer service skills
Demonstrates a ‘one team’ / ‘one company’ mindset
INTERNAL & EXTERNAL RELATIONS
VP
Directors
Managers
Sales personnel
Warehouse personnel
Quality personnel
Logistic personnel
Port personnel
Vendors
Consultants
Development companies
Outsourced services
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering required
EMPLOYEE MANAGEMENT
N/A
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Sit at computer
Able to lift 20lbs
WORK HOUR REQUIREMENT
8:00AM - 5:00PM
Some projects may require on-call
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS
Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, international and domestic travel
EEOC STATEMENT

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

Required Experience

Job Location
Westlake Village, US-CA",3.9,"Dole Food Company, Inc.
3.9","Westlake Village, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1901,Company - Private,Food Production,Agriculture & Forestry,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
28,Temporary Marketing Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description Summary:

The firmwide marketing technology/CRM team has a temporary opening for a Marketing Data Analyst (approximately 4-5 months) who will help us execute on firm reporting requests received through marketing and business development team members. This position can be based in any of our offices.

Job Description:
Create standard and advanced custom report types for cross object reporting in Salesforce.
Create custom, complex, cross-object and cross-platform reports and dashboards using Salesforce, Marketo, Apsona, Power BI and internal data sources. Develop and fine tune reports to yield meaningful results based on changing business needs.
Build reports from scratch using data from different systems and build templates for end users to self-serve. Determine best data source, set up reports and validate results. Work with business development partners to build meaningful dashboards.
Report on complex client relationships with multiple parties of interest in a non-traditional, non-linear sales environment where the relationship is the ‘sale’.
Build custom curated, segmented email distribution lists in Marketo. Work with business development partners to fine tune. Set up campaign workflows. Report campaign results by account, contact and campaign.
Participate in data governance and hygiene programs and projects.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:

Current hands-on experience developing reports in Salesforce and Marketo strongly preferred, minimum of 2-3 years. Experience with other platforms, in addition to SFDC/Mkto, highly desired.
Experience combining multiple data sources and developing reports independently.
Experience with data import/export using data loader.
Experience solving for marketing automation/CRM/relationship intelligence data integration challenges related to data gathering for reports.
Strong Excel, data validation and critical thinking skills.
Strong presentation and training skills and ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a variety of audiences.
Strong project management and organizational skills and ability to work independently as an individual contributor and a team member.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, concierge service environment.
Law firm and other professional services industry experience highly preferred.",4.0,"Fenwick & West
4.0","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1972,Company - Private,Legal,Accounting & Legal,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
29,Sr Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"WHAT YOU WILL DO IN THIS POSITION:

Performs independent analytical research to identify and resolve complex data issues, and support systems impacting NCCI’s data providers and NCCI products and services.Participates in the development and implementation of solutions to data quality problems.Position requires Subject Matter Expertise (SME) for specific system and/or data type support, and provides system support as needed for baseline, discretionary, and investment projects for the Data Resources division and in support of other division projects.

Leads resolution of complex data issues often impacting multiple data providers, systems, and processes.

Provides SME support to investment projects or systems changes – includes writing business requirements; creating test plans, test scripts and test data; and performing testing and post-production monitoring.

Oversees team processes (i.e., escalations, target carrier initiatives, training) and procedures manuals ensuring all are kept current.

Coordinates work processes, implementing process improvements and process changes across teams as needed.Maintain business partnerships with project leads in other divisions and develop process improvement joint strategies.

Provides quality control by reviewing the quality of work performed by team in resolving more complex issues. Provide support to assist Data Analysts with approach to their work.

WHAT YOU MUST BRING TO THE ROLE:

• Bachelor’s degree and 3 years’ experience in a service-oriented, financial and/or insurance related enterprise performing data analysis and a business operations or data management environment where primary work performed involves web-based or other business systems. (In lieu of a degree, 7 years’ relevant work experience as indicated above is required.)

• 1-year experience organizing, compiling and analyzing information using Microsoft Excel

• Experience using data standards, data layouts, databases, data viewing tools, and data reports to identify root cause of and resolve data issues

• Experience analyzing data issues impacting multiple data sources or databases to independently draw conclusions

• Experience developing systems flows, processes and procedures; delivering team training

• Experience creating test plans, test scripts, and test data; and executing test scripts

• Experience writing requirements for small systems changes

• Understands the use of metrics, trends and work monitoring to ensure completion of timely/quality work

• Experience leading team/business partner meetings

• Experience developing and maintaining technical documentation and team manuals

• Experience reviewing and providing feedback on the content of customer communications and manuals

• Experience leading efforts to improve team processes / providing input or suggestions on tactical issues

• Experience leading customer teleconferences to resolve issues – including agenda preparation /minutes

• Can effectively interface with higher–level staff / management on the customer side effectively

• Experienced preparing reports on systems / customer issues to be shared with a broad internal audience

• Proficient in Microsoft Office - Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access

WHAT WILL MAKE YOU A MORE VIABLE CANDIDATE:

• Knowledge of insurance, claims, or financial data

• Experience testing and writing requirements for web-based data viewing tools

• Experienced using data extract and/or systems testing tools

• Experienced developing reports to be used in data analysis processes

• Insurance Data Management Association (IDMA) certifications

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU:

·
A phenomenal work environment with perks which includes on-site fitness center, day care, restaurant and coffee shop, employee activities, and sports leagues

·
A wonderful team of fun, caring and friendly people to work with

·
A fantastic benefits package that’s hard to find in south Florida

We require a drug screen and background check.
EEO/Smoke Free environment",4.3,"NCCI Holdings
4.3","Boca Raton, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1923,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
30,Marketing Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"College bachelor’s degree required. Major in Business, Marketing, Mathematics, Information Technology or other relevant field preferred.
Minimum of 3 years of data analysis experience or 3 years of experience in a role requiring an understanding of the underlying data for various systems required.
Experience with various analytics/visualization platforms such as; PowerBI, Azure Machine Learning Services, Azure Data Factory preferred.
Experience in measuring social media and mobile efforts a plus. Google Analytics experience strongly preferred
Knowledge of the insurance industry environment, regulations, and practices preferred
Extensive knowledge of the Farm Bureau organization, Southern Farm Bureau Life, Marketing Department, products, personnel, and technical environments preferred.
Knowledge of the insurance
Keen intellectual curiosity and a passion for transforming data into knowledge, insights and results.
Critical Thinker Required: Must be able to critically and logically evaluate the costs, risks, and benefits of alternatives before coming to a solution. Must have the ability to probe and looks past symptoms to determine the underlying causes of problems and issues. Must be able to approach problems holistically; define connections, linkages, interdependencies, and develop solutions.
Ability to Drive Results Required: Must be able to focus on important information without getting bogged down in unnecessary detail and effectively communicate insights and results with team members.
Decision Making Required: Must be able to recognize the broad, systemic implications of problems and issues– and have the ability to make quick decisions in high stake situations, crises, and/or conditions of uncertainty. Takes responsibility for communicating and implementing decisions.
Ability to engage, inspire, and foster a sense of energy, ownership, and personal commitment to high quality work.
industry environment as a whole, regulations, and practices preferred.",4.3,"Southern Farm Bureau Life
4.3","Jackson, MS",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1946,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
31,Data Insights Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Insights Analyst will analyze large data sets, identify trends, and build visuals that tell the Life.Church story hidden within the data.

Did you ever think God could use your talent at a church? We might not see how that’s possible, but God doesn’t work within our parameters. He creates opportunities we never could have imagined, but it’s up to us to embrace His plan. Your God-given skills and passion to serve Him could intersect right here, right now. When you bring your skills to Life.Church, there’s no telling where God could take your future.

The Life.Church Analytics team is passionate about giving data a seat at the table and providing the organization with the information it needs in clear and concise visuals to help make better decisions and drive the mission forward. We’re looking for a Data Insights Analyst who loves pulling useful nuggets of information out of a sea of data. Do you have a knack for numbers and love problem solving? Do you see patterns and connections everywhere you look? If so, continue reading for more details.
The basics:
SQL is your second language
Even though you appreciate a good spreadsheet, you know most people would rather look at a picture, so you are able to turn large data sets into easy-to-read visuals using data visualization software
You have exceptional analytical skills and your curiosity leads you to ask “Why?”
You understand statistics and data analysis techniques
You know how to get non-analytical people fired up about a p-value
The works:
You have a drive to deliver and an openness to new ideas and approaches
You’re flexible and adaptable with strong relationship-building skills
You’re a prioritization wizard who can complete multiple tasks with little to no supervision
You get energized by solving problems that have others stumped
You’re able to work independently while maintaining focus on achieving optimal outcomes as part of a collaborative team effort
The cherry on top:
Your resume is a visualization that tells your story
You are Tableau Certified
In your mind, R is more than just a letter and Python is not just a snake
To view the expectations and responsibilities of this role, please view the job description HERE.",5.0,"Life.Church
5.0","Edmond, OK",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
32,Programmer and Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Carillon Assisted Living is actively seeking a Programmer and Data Analyst for our corporate office in Raleigh, NC. The Programmer and Data Analyst manages the Programming and Analysis department including developing project plans from internal requests and implementing those plans from initial concept to full production. The department runs primarily on ad-hoc requests with a wide variety of skills necessary to implement the associated projects. The Programmer and Data Analyst must be versatile and excellent at time management. A typical week involves:

Meeting with the CEO and VPO to discuss priorities, statuses of current projects and any requests for new projects
Meeting with outside software vendors to discuss any necessary implementation, customization or integrations
Aiding in the implementation, customization and integrations for third-party software
Designing and proposing plans for projects or analysis necessary to fulfill new requests
Completing or delegating to the team tasks related to any current projects. Tasks generally include:
Developing SQL databases to store data for either program development or data warehousing
Pulling data through outside vendor APIs to move into on-prem data warehouse or to use in in-house programming or reporting
Supporting business decision making processes through analytical analysis of available options
Full-stack programming of any requested web applications
Determining necessary data and analyzing that data to answer questions posed by the VPO and CEO
Developing data visualizations and reports for ad-hoc or continual business analysis
Developing mathematical models for predictive analysis and forecasting
Scheduling and managing team meetings and deadlines for timely project completion
Ensuring all auto-generated reports send on the proper schedule

Qualifications

Required

Bachelors degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or other analytical field
5 or more years of experience in programming and analysis
2 or more years in a management role
1-2 years of experience in business decision making processes, including analyzing and determining a cohesive software suite and developing technical policies and procedures
Excellent communication skills for conveying technical material to non-technical audiences
Experience with full lifecycle project management, including both application development and other large scale projects directed from initial request to full production
Ability to manage multiple project requests with varying priorities and deadlines
Experience maintaining company software suite including implementing customizations and integrations
Experience in full-stack web application development, preferably with C# and Angular 5+
Experience with report development and data visualization, preferably with SSRS
Experience in database development and management including on-prem data warehousing
Experience writing advanced SQL queries and procedures
Working knowledge of REST API's
Experience analyzing data to answer business questions, both on an ad-hoc and routine basis
Experience with Microsoft Excel including writing custom VBA add-ins

Preferable

Masters degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering or other analytical field
7 or more years of experience in programming and analysis
3 or more years in a management role
3 or more years in business decision making processes
Experience with BPM tools
Advanced skill set in Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word and Visio
Mathematical modeling abilities including stochastic models and linear optimization",2.9,"Carillon Assisted Living
2.9","Raleigh, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
33,Sales Ops Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers’ compensation insurance.

TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you’re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients’ business success with extraordinary HR.

JOB SUMMARY/OVERVIEW

The Sales Ops Data Analyst is responsible and accountable for sales data enrichment, data analysis and related recommendations to influence business decisions, reporting and managing the dedupe data application. This role is responsible for ensuring data integrity of Salesforce and managing ongoing data needs, such as data entry, uploads, cleanup, evaluation, validation. In addition, this role is responsible for providing recommendations for continuous process improvement and leading implementation/adoption of new practices, as applicable.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES

• Identify data process inefficiencies, develop and implement solutions and track progress continuously to improve data quality
• Provide reporting coupled with suggested actions to leaders whose teams provide master data inputs, to reduce data quality issues, non-value record maintenance, and process deviation.
• Understand end to end business processes, flow of data within and between processes and recommend process improvements for better territory planning and forecasting process.
• Develops technical and functional specifications based on business requirements and
analysis of relevant workflows.
• Identify and manage data cleanup projects to improve data accuracy, lead relevant resources to desired project outcome
• Oversee ongoing data hygiene efforts and appends of prospect records
• Identifies issues in data quality that would impact reporting (i.e. duplicate records, missing data, etc.) and influence business decisions
• Develop and implement a periodic review, inclusive of robust reporting, of all master data to ensure data is current and accurate across business functions, conforms to business rules, and meets data quality standards
• Responsible for investigating industry information for accurate sales territory assignment. Provides recommendations to leadership to optimize territory assignment and related business results
• Provides expertise and resolution to questions from the Sales Teams related to data management and rules of engagement
• Build data quality executive dashboards and reports to track and monitor data accuracy for use by executive leadership with CRM
• Provides a pivotal role in the research for data mining, analytic and data quality assurance tools
• Responsible for resolving escalations that require in-depth research and judgement
• Perform data analysis in Salesforce using CRMFusion Demand Tool and other data deduplication applications in production and sandbox environment
• Partners with sales strategy and leadership to define the company’s Go-To-Market (GTM) strategy and provides downstream impact analysis and recommendations to existing operations
• Work with cross-functional team to clarify business process and data needs on process-related IT projects, as well as supporting and executing end-to-end UAT
• Respond to ad hoc data analysis requests and provide technical assistance
• Complies with all data best practices, rules of engagement and data protocols
• Other projects and responsibilities may be added at the manager’s discretion

JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS

Education:
• Bachelor’s degree required
• 3+ years of Salesforce experience
• Previous experience working with PRM applications
• Previous experience with Analytical tools including MS Excel and Tableau
• Data cleanup skills required

Experience:
• 3+ years of experience in sales operations or sales support role
• Experience with deduping application tools
• Ability to work well with a variety of disciplines while remaining effective in a high-volume, tight-deadline driven environment with seasonally affected workloads
• Flexibility and adaptability to changing business needs
• Strong analytical skills and ability to generate sound business recommendations based on data
• Proficient in MS Office Suite
• Collaborative team player and project leader who is detailed oriented, focused on solution quality and execution
Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Ability to communicate with employees at all levels of the organization
• Strong knowledge and understanding of both state and federal employment laws
• Excellent interpersonal skills
• Excellent presentation and facilitation skills
• Strong influential skills
• Excellent project leadership abilities
• A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace
• Ability to adapt to a fast paced continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities

WORK ENVIRONMENT/OTHER INFORMATION (Travel required, physical requirements, on-call schedules, etc.)
• Minimal travel required
• Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting
• The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity.

TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact recruiting@trinet.com to request such an accommodation.

LI-RG1",3.3,"TriNet
3.3","Fort Mill, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
34,Business Data Analyst (Mortgage Operations),$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"First Midwest, with assets over $20 billion, is the premier relationship-based banking franchise in the dynamic Chicagoland banking market. As one of the Chicago metropolitan area's largest independent bank holding companies, First Midwest provides the full range of commercial, retail banking, and wealth management services through some 120+ offices located in communities in metropolitan Chicago, Northwest Indiana, Central and Western Illinois, Eastern Iowa, and Southeast Wisconsin.

POSITION SUMMARY:

Working collaboratively with the management team, this position is responsible for creating and managing key periodic reports and ad hoc analyses in support of defined business objectives. This role will also champion the development and implementation of key initiatives within the line of business.

REQUIRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS:
Bachelor’s degree preferred in some business discipline
5 years banking or related experience preferred
Advanced analysis and reporting experience required
In-depth knowledge of industry operating rules preferred
Ability to implement new procedures in response to, and in anticipation of, changes in the business environment desired
Possesses and applies comprehensive problem solving abilities for complex issues
High proficiency and analytical skills using Microsoft Office Suite of products required. Access Database and Excel graphing skills a plus.
Experience with financial reports and Falcon risk analytics a plus
Client focus and project management skills are required with an aptitude for creating operational efficiencies and positive client experiences
Demonstrated written and oral communication skills
Strong interpersonal skills
DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work collaboratively with the leadership team on the identification, development and ongoing refinement of periodic reports.
Proactively identify opportunities in support of defined business objectives by developing in-depth analyses.
Support the line of business data collection and distribution needs by working collaboratively with internal and external partners as needed.
Support the development and implementation of key initiatives within the line of business and maintain analytics related to impacts.
Assists in monthly planning, loss analysis, forecasting and variance reporting.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here and Supplement here.",3.5,"First Midwest Bank
3.5","Gurnee, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
35,Data Science Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Science Support Analyst to support a client’s requirements in a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The position is for the Pathfinder contract. This Analyst will be responsible for constructing scripts and configuration controls to facilitate analysts performing repeatable complex database queries in multiple databases. This Analyst will be responsible for creating automated-scripting to assist analysts with data discovery. The Analyst will be required to work both independently and collaboratively with teams to create solutions in support of the customer.

Requirements:

• 3 to 10 years of experience is required

BA/BS degree is required. However, 6 years of work experience may be substituted

for a Bachelor's degree

Knowledge of IC mission, organizations, policies, procedures, and requirements

• Experience in IC related data science research and analysis

Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Skill and experience in programming, statistics, and/or data architecture
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Experience constructing and performing complex database search queries across multiple databases
TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance is required

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Development

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
36,Clinical Data Programmer/Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Clinical Data Programmer/Analyst supports clinical trial data management and programming tasks associated with creating, verifying, and documenting analyses and reporting while adhering to study protocols, analysis plans and industry standards.
GENERAL DUTIES AND ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: *
Plan and manage programming activities across multiple trials to deliver all data analysis outputs to agreed timelines and quality, (e.g., analysis datasets, tables, figures and listings for regulatory submissions and publications).
Assist in deploying process changes and user adoption of EDC platform, reporting platforms, CTMS, LIMS, eTMS and other Clinical applications across the enterprise.
Proficiency in developing reports requested by stakeholders using ANSI SQL and other scripting languages
Support data migration activities including data cleaning and adjudication processes.
Implement data standards within a function, or therapeutic area in accordance with industry standards
Experience creating status reports, including building KPIs, dashboards and data visualization capabilities for use in study teams is desirable
Responsible for programming and QC across a trial/asset including submission activities adhering to relevant SOPs / policies.
Participate in the design of other trialdelivery components (e.g. case report forms, trial databases).
Review and input into key study documents (e.g. SAP, CRFs, Data Management Plans etc).
Develop broader technical knowledge and expertise (e.g. UNIX scripting, computing environments).
Provide technical advice, mentoring and training as relevant.
Identify recurring problems and work with colleagues to initiate process improvement
Possesses the analytical ability to define problems and interpret the information
Oversee outsourced tasks to third party vendors to meet the agreed timelines, quality and budget requirements established for the project or study.
Understanding of US regulations and guidelines applicable to clinical trials, inspection readiness and system validation
Skills/Competencies

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in engineering, Biotechnology, Computer Applications or related disciplines
Proficient in writing fine-tuned SQL queries, stored procedures (eg. PL/SQL code) and working with data in relational databases like Postgres, SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle etc.
More than 2 years’ experience in SQL and/or programming for clinical trial databases
Database design/administration experience (Design, implementation, modification) for clinical trial databases
Ability to recognize and resolve system related problems; work independently and make necessary decisions throughout the systems process within department guidelines.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
Preferred qualifications:
Knowledge of non-SAS programming packages/languages (e.g. Tableau, Spotfire, S-Plus, R)
Familiarity with Object Data Model (ODM) and xpath form development
Working knowledge of CDISC data standards, primarily the creation and use of ADaM datasets
Experience of interacting with clinical study team members
Ability to manage conflicting demands and priorities
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
relevant: 2 years (Required)
Application Question:
Demonstrated knowledge of FDA and GCP guidelines and regulations covering clinical trials, statistics, and data management
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
https://www.quantumleaphealth.org/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible",1.7,"Quantum Leap Healthcare
1.7","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
37,HCM Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Any qualified individual with a disability who is having difficulty in completing an application because of incompatible technology or other disability-related application issues may contact us at the following phone number for assistance: 251-445-1932.

Austal shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Austal’s commitment to equal employment opportunity applies at all levels of employment, in all job titles, including the executive level, and to all employment actions, including but not limited to decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, training, and promotion.

REPORTS TO: HCM Coordinator

SUPERVISES: N/A

AUTHORITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

The HCM data analyst plays a crucial role in collecting, structuring, analyzing, and reporting on HR processes and data. Supports business with key HR insights reporting (manning levels, hires; retention, turnover), talent metrics (promotion reporting; learning and development tracking; performance management insights), benefits reporting (billing invoices, participation census) as well as ad hoc reporting and data analysis as needed.

Job Description

Utilizes Workday systems and analytical tools to develop, analyze and interpret HR workforce data.
Partners with stakeholders across business units to build and implement reporting and analytic solutions that provide leaders with information necessary to achieve business goals and objectives.
Develop and maintain standardized dashboards and other related metrics reports for organization-wide and HR department evaluation.
Maintains common HR data repository
Monitors effectiveness of reporting and analytics products to ensure optimal value to the business, modifying or operationalizing new metrics and dashboard products as needed.
Creates scheduled reports and respond to ad-hoc queries from senior management and other areas of the company.
Leverages data extraction tools and approaches to perform complex data analysis and formulate new meaningful insights.
Reviews new reporting requests to be sure the request is consistent with HR systems and data strategies.
Creates, maintains, and ensures quality assurance of human resources data sets, reports, and metrics.
Recommends process and system improvements, follow up on recommendations.
Assist in the identification of data integrity problems and recommend solutions.
Other special projects, as needed.
Other duties as assigned;

QUALIFICATIONS / KNOWLEDGE / EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
3-5 Business Analyst experience documenting Business Requirements and conducting data analysis.
Workday experience preferred in one or more modules: HCM, Benefits, Talent/Performance, Security, or Advanced Compensation.
Strong written and verbal communication skills to effectively communicate processes and procedures with managers and employees.
Highly developed ability to provide clear, concise verbal and written explanations for complex concepts so that others see the value add in recommendations and solutions.
Strong computer proficiency and technical aptitude to utilize MSOffice. Expert-level proficiency in Microsoft Excel (PowerPoint a plus).
Strong process orientation, analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent service orientation skill set, ability to build strong relationships with fellow HR team members.
Must work with a sense of urgency and have the ability to handle confidential information in a professional manner. Can handle demands from multiple customers and has the ability to prioritize.
Ability to work collaboratively with multiple teams/organizations with attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
Flexible and has the capability to deliver results in a fast-paced, and high volume environment.

TOOLS: Not applicable

DIRECTION EXERCISED: Works within established guidelines. Works autonomously and escalates issues to HCM Coordinator as appropriate.

DISCRETION EXERCISED: A degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.

LIAISES WITH:

Employees, Department Managers, HR / Benefit Staff, Finance staff and external consultants as assigned.

ADDITIONAL GUIDELINES:

The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance may be required if deemed necessary in the scope of your position responsibilities.
Candidates must meet the following employment eligibility guidelines to be eligible for employment with Austal USA:
18 years or older at time of application
Able to provide proof of US Person status (permanent resident or citizen)
No felony convictions of theft/deception or violent crimes within seven years from disposition date
No felony convictions of drug crimes within three years from disposition date
Willing to submit to a drug screen
Willing to submit to a background check",3.2,"Austal USA
3.2","Mobile, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
38,Data Security Analyst Virtual Hiring Event,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Zycron Hiring Event!

Event Details
Date: Thursday, October 1, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Customer Service Representative

Data Security Analyst

Intake Details:

Requirements

Must be a United States Citizen of Green Card Holder

What to bring to this event

Please have your resume in front of you.

What to wear

Dress code is Casual (come as you are, but please be presentable).

About Zycron

Zycron, a Brand of BG Staffing, Inc. (NYSE American: BGSF), is one of the largest IT solutions firms headquartered in Tennessee. We provide client-specific solutions from staffing to outsourcing across all industries, with extensive experience in health care, energy and utilities, and state and local government.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

This position will support incident queue management, agent deployments, reporting/metrics, application integrations and assist data security group daily operations. Looking for a candidate with a solid IT background. Past experience with data security (encryption, DLP, help tickets) initiatives beneficial
This is a 2nd level monitoring position. They will be monitoring data as it leaves the client to make sure it is appropriate. If there is a question, this person will contact the manager of the person that was involved to make sure it is acceptable. Because of this, the person must have good communication skills and proper manner in handling the situation.

Minimum Job Requirements

Information security experience
Data Loss prevention experience
At least 3-5 years of experience
Basic Web Scripting
Strong communication skills",3.4,"Zycron
3.4","Memphis, TN",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1991,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
39,Member Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Blue Federal Credit Union employees work hard, have fun, and win for our members and each other! Our Member Data Analyst performs quantitative and qualitative research using statistics to analyze programs, products and services offered, market potential, competitive intelligence and industry standards to recommend and guide market efforts. Recommends marketing activity based on research and technical analysis. Independently drives data analysis and develops insights for use by management.
Directs central market research function, anticipates and evaluates useful market information, establishes standards for research methodology, and identifies opportunities to expand the scope of business.
Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends and patterns in complex data sets to develop recommendations to be used in promoting the organization and improving positioning, image and support within the target market.
Maintain appropriate databases and data systems for the department. Implements data collection systems and updates. Acquires and abstracts primary and secondary data from existing internal or external data sources.
Develops graphs, reports and presentations. Performs statistical analysis upon request. Creates and presents quality dashboards. 3-4 bullets on education and experience
Assists in development and production of direct marketing initiatives through analysis of target market universe, list development, design and production.
Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control.
Experience: Three years to five years of similar or related experience, including preparatory experience.

Education/Certifications/Licenses: A college degree.

Interpersonal Skills: A significant level of trust, credibility and diplomacy is required. In-depth dialogues, conversations and explanations with customers, direct and indirect reports and outside vendors can be of a sensitive and/or highly confidential nature. Communications may involve motivating, influencing, educating and/or advising others on matters of significance.

Other Skills: Strong analytical spreadsheet and communication skills, demonstrated ability to handle multiple project simultaneously, new product development, packaging design, competitive analysis, consumer promotion, advertising media and copy, scan data analysis. Familiarity with MCIF systems, CD-ROM directories and market data on disc, survey research and statistical analysis software, mapping software, market research directories and online data services.",4.1,"Blue Federal Credit Union
4.1","Cheyenne, WY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
40,Sr. Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Forest Lawn has always attracted unique and exceptional individuals; those who aren’t satisfied with simply building a career, but want to go home at the end of the day knowing they’ve made a profound and positive difference in people’s lives. If this sounds like you, take a look at our job openings....We may have your next GREAT OPPORTUNITY!

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Conducts special studies to analyze complex contract transactions and prepares recommendations for changes to reduce errors or simplify processes.
Identifies trends and recommends improvements accordingly.
Understands and has familiarity with the design of complex contract and accounts receivable software and the ability to quickly learn the design and operation of such systems.
Processes and inputs into computer database complex contract transactions.
Analyzes business process and discrepant data scenarios.
Mines data in contract database using Microsoft Access and Excel and SQL.
Develops and creates studies, reports, and analyses in areas such as, statistical sales reports, transaction exception reports, categorization of transactions by data fields present, etc.
Makes recommendations to management regarding cost saving or profit generating opportunities and profitability improvement strategies.
Prepares clear, concise written reports and presentations using Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.
Coordinates with all levels of management to provide, gather, analyze, summarize, and prepare recommendations regarding Client Accounts functions.
Works independently with minimal supervision as well as in a team environment.
Works closely with the Technology Services development, database and infrastructure team on various projects to gather requirements, document data and workflow requirements, and develop scalable, highly available, and secure automation, data models and reporting packages.
Handles multiple projects with detail and organization.
QUALIFICATIONS
BA/BS – Math, Engineering, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting preferred;
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.
3 - 5 Years’ experience as a Data Analyst.
Proven experience as a problem solver.
Must be customer service oriented.
Must be flexible, proactive, and a self-starter.
Advanced Microsoft Excel, Access and PowerPoint skills
Moderate skills with MS SQL, Python and VBA
Experience in report writing tools
Experience working with Data Models
E-Verify Statement:

Forest Lawn has registered to participate in the federal government's E-Verify program. With E-Verify we are able to confirm the employment authorization of all newly hired employees through an electronic database maintained by the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security. With respect to new hires, the E-Verify process is completed in conjunction with a new hire's completion of the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification upon commencement of employment. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates.

For up-to-date information on E-Verify, go to https://www.e-verify.gov/employees/e-verify-overview.",3.2,"Forest Lawn Memorial-Park Association
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1906,Company - Private,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
41,Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sapphire Digital seeks a dynamic and driven mid-level Data Analyst/QA to join our growing New Jersey team with experience in the healthcare domain. This role will perform in-depth analysis of our internal data management systems to identify, analyze, and interpret trends and/or patterns in order to provide actionable recommendations for data integrity. The Data Analyst/QA will work closely with multiple internal teams to collaborate on different stages of the data lifecycle and assist in developing data quality processes.
In this position, you'll be responsible for:
Preparing and conducting analyses and studies, needs assessment, and requirements analysis to align systems and solutions
Overseing data QA functions to ensure data integrity and accuracy
Monitoring all production data processes and validation systems
Performing data investigations, root cause analysis, data profiling, and data lineage activities
Performing research and provides recommendations for data processes and updates
Reviewing and analyzes specific data elements for accuracy and quality assurance
Driving the resolution of the identified data quality problems
Maintaining documentation as required
Partnering with BI in the development of reports and presentations
Maintaining data quality rules, data standards and data governance policies
Supporting special project work as assigned by the data managers
Collaborating effectively with cross functional teams including Data, Business Intelligence, Business Applications, and Engineering

You might be a good fit if you have:
Bachelor's degree (B. A. / B. S.) from four-year college or university; 4+ years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
5+ years of experience as a data analyst or in a related field
Expertise with query languages (SQL) required
Experience working with large complex datasets including healthcare data such as medical claims, clinical information, demographic data and program activity results
Exposure with one or more of the following programming languages: SAS, Python, R
Prior experience working with Healthcare data, or in the Healthcare field preferred
Experience with data visualization tools and methodologies (Excel and PowerBI)
Demonstrated experience in analyzing large data sets and relational databases
Ability to manage time and priorities of multiple projects/tasks
Displays professionalism and ability to learn quickly
Extremely detail oriented
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to collaborate closely with multiple teams across with a wide range of technical backgrounds",3.4,"Sapphire Digital
3.4","Lyndhurst, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
42,Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Onsite work only - Franklin, Tennessee

Are you looking for a career with a purpose? Do you want the opportunity to be part of a company that’s changing millions of lives for the better? Well, you’ve come to the right place. Ramsey Solutions exists to provide biblically based, commonsense education and empowerment that give HOPE to everyone in every walk of life. Our mission to change the world isn’t easy. We face resistance every day because what we believe is absolutely countercultural. We’re weird. We hate debt. And we actually cut up our credit cards . . . like, for real. We don’t use them in our entire business. Bottom line: We don’t use debt—period. Some of us are still fighting our way out of it, but we aren’t going back in.

Our Analytics and Insights Team has been one of the fastest-growing technology teams at Ramsey Solutions—they’re rocking it! They partner with our 15 digital product areas to help create data-driven solutions for our business problems so we can keep doing work that matters to change more lives. Performing mathematical analysis and using technology to put it into action, this team helps all of us at Ramsey perform at our highest level.

This is where you come in. We need your help to generate data-driven solutions to our business problems. We need a hardcore math nerd—someone who understands mathematical analysis and knows how to use technology to implement it. You’re someone who’s always itching to solve the problem, complete the puzzle, and answer the question. You’re never satisfied with a fluffy answer. You want the facts. You always back up your position with data.

Our data tells a story, and we need you to help us read it. You’ll help us pull back the curtain, notice trends, and apply data to drive change in our business models so we can help more people. If that sounds exciting to you, keep reading.

Skills Needed to Win:
3+ years of experience driving analytics initiatives to impact a business
Solid mathematical or statistics background
Experience with SQL (you’ll use it every day to get the data you need)
Experience with scripting languages like Python and R
Experience building and maintaining dashboards and reporting systems
Ability to translate data into actionable insights
Supporting business decisions through ad hoc analysis
Extraordinary passion to solve problems (you’re not satisfied until it’s solved and backed by data)
Nice-to-Haves:
Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau
Experience utilizing web analytics and Google Analytics tool set
Experience with optimization testing
About Ramsey Solutions:
We’re a debt-free company that was founded in 1992 by Dave Ramsey.
We have over 900 team members who are 100% dedicated to our mission.
We believe collaboration, innovation and a shared sense of mission come from being present with each other. That’s why all of our team members work together under one roof at our headquarters in Franklin, Tennessee.
Ramsey Solutions was recognized by Inc. Magazine as a Best Workplace in the nation for 2020.
And by the way, we're not stuffy or corporate around here. Here are some of the perks and benefits at Ramsey Solutions:
A 401(k) match of 4% after one year as a team member (you can still contribute in the first year)
Health insurance on day one with a $500 HSA match every year
One fully paid workweek of ministry time after one year to volunteer for your favorite charity or nonprofit
Generous PTO and paid sick time off
We prioritize work-life balance and rarely exceed a 40-hour work week
Weekly devotionals with world-renowned speakers, pastors and authors
$300/year to put toward achieving your fitness goals
Casual dress and work environment
It’s a calling, and we’re on a mission to change lives. Join the crusade! Apply now.

EEO/M/F/Veteran/Disabled",3.4,"Ramsey Solutions
3.4","Franklin, TN",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
43,CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are hiring an experienced CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst to help us keep growing.
If you’re dedicated and ambitious, Eye-bot is an excellent place to grow your career. Don’t hesitate to apply.
Required Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of experience preparing existing conditions’ surveys
Proficient with the following software’s:
Microstation / OpenRoads
ContextCapture
AutoCAD / Civil3D
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams, etc.)
Google Earth Pro
Photogrammetric and/or LiDAR point clouds, Topography, Point classification, and DTM/DSM processing
Triangular Irregular Networks (T.I.N.) / Contours
Preferred Qualifications
Boundary and ALTA/NSPS Land Title surveys
Photogrammetric Mapping Experience
Working knowledge of conventional surveying equipment and GPS
Experience using terrestrial/mobile LiDAR, and Unmanned Aerial Systems
Adobe Creative Suite
Bluebeam pdf editor
Understanding trigonometric mathematics and data collection used in surveying
Understanding and applications using and applying different coordinate systems and projections.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Coordinate with project managers to ensure that multiple projects with simultaneous deadlines are completed on schedule (manage workloads and tasks for self and others)
Communicate with project teams via email and phone regularly throughout the design process
Field-to-Finish data import field data to create CAD files for various uses in engineering, design, and construction in both 2D and 3D CAD environments.
CAD drafting skills; knowledge regarding land surveying; courthouse research
Point cloud processing, Point classification, DTM/DSM surface creation
Develop quality products, using industry and client standards under the direct supervision of a Professional Land Surveyor
Position Details
Competitive compensation
Casual attire throughout the week
Friendly, open, and team-oriented work atmosphere
Excellent benefits for full-time employees including medical, vision, and dental
Eye-bot is an equal opportunity employer",5.0,"Eye-bot Aerial Solutions
5.0","New Kensington, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
44,Big Data Analyst BSLEP7,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings requires the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel.
Through the use of effective “big data” technologies and solutions, CBP ensures that the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure. In response to this challenge, ManTech, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified and versatile data analysts to facilitate data-driven decision making in response to national security threats.
The primary objective of the data analysis team is three-fold: 1) Support the development of predictive models via the identification of behaviors and attributes that inform illicit activities; 2) Provide on-demand analysis to support emergent operational needs; and, 3) Develop performance dashboards and artifacts to inform resource allocation, justify requirements, and support statutory reporting mandates.
In all three areas, data analysts must be capable of transforming large volumes of raw data, both structured and unstructured forms, into mission-focused insights that enhance understanding of mission performance, workload, and/or behavioral trends (i.e., strategic, tactical, and operational insights). Analysts may be called upon to support a diverse array of initiatives involving complex queries in support of network analysis, entity resolution, threat research, visualization, and impact assessments.

The strongest applicants will engage in highly dynamic, threat/risk driven operating environments. They will bring a proven track record of working with decision support tools and applications operationally employed by mission-support entities. Within three to six months of joining the project, we expect analysts will:
Master relevant data schemas, reference data, joining conditions, and relationships of existing databases, as well as associated warehouses and data marts, involving trade, travel, national security, and law enforcement data.
Conduct exploratory analysis demonstrating: a refined understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the underlying data; a willingness to explore non-traditional data sources and evaluation methods; and a clear link to mission need.
Construct query code as well as run, save, edit, optimize, and document queries using SQL and other languages including Spark to extract mission-critical insights.
Design, develop and deliver analytic artifacts such as dashboards, scorecards, and structured Excel reports that: support executive-level, at-a-glance findings; empower non-technical users to explore user-specific equities (e.g. PowerBI); and/or provide detailed information informing operational outcomes.
Assess validity, accuracy, completeness, consistency, and uniformity of data as well as develop mitigation steps and processes to address data quality issues in support of clean data.
Translate findings (e.g. mission impacts, limitations of findings/ analytical confidence, analytical methods and techniques employed) to clearly articulate the “so what” within the context of mission performance to technical and non-technical audiences in the form of written reports and in-person briefings.
Engage internal and external stakeholders in a professional and informed manner to collect analysis requirements and ensure alignment of expected outcomes.
Integrate with, and materially contribute to, portfolio teams as a matrixed resource to provide data analytics expertise in support of modeling, ad hoc query support, or performance assessment initiatives in collaboration with data scientists, intelligence analysts, developers, and other participants under the direction of a project manager.
Applicants should note that while some formal training exists to support building knowledge of missions and the implementation of data-driven solutions, but much of the knowledge must be gained through on-the-job training and individual initiative. Technical knowledge is insufficient to achieve effectiveness in this operating environment; expertise must be enhanced with rapid acquisition of mission knowledge and demonstrated commitment positive mission outcomes. Therefore, we seek self-starters who are capable of independent exploration and knowledge acquisition, willing to develop informal support networks, and with an appreciation for the immense challenge of safeguarding the Nation’s borders.

BS Degree in a related technical fields (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, etc.)
Hands on experience working with data-mining, analysis or statistical software such as R, Matlab, SAS Enterprise Miner, SPSS Modeler, or SQL Developer for data analysis
Hands on experience with at least one of the following technologies: Hadoop eco system, including HDFS, YARN, Cassandra, Hive, Pig, and Spark
Hands on experience with Batch-oriented and streaming distributed processing methods such as Nifi, Spark, Kafka, or Storm
Hands on experience with distributed search engines like Elasticsearch or Solr
Conceptual understanding of – and/or prior experiences related to – data profiling, fuzzy matching, entity resolution, and signal detection theory (specifically with respect to SD theory: designing and improving upon systems that monitor, minimize, and balance false positive and false negative outcomes)
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, and SQL
Unix / Linux experience
Experience working in field of entity resolution, analytics, data mining or name matching.
Delivering solutions using Amazon Web Services (e.g., AWS EC2, RDS, S3)
Experience with Javascript frameworks like Angular, React and JQuery is a plus
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI)

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
45,Data Analyst II,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"We know why you are reading about this opportunity. You are driven to achieve goals. You are looking to make a direct impact. You want to work in a culture where your co-workers work as part of a diverse team, communicate across departments, and have a positive attitude. If we had to guess, you are innovative with great ideas, want to bring efficiencies to processes, and are looking to grow your career. Are we right? If so, let’s talk about who we are.

Who We Are

Greenphire is a leading provider of clinical payment and communication solutions. We provide software as a service (SaaS) to reduce costs, increase participant retention, and produce quantifiable results for our clients in the clinical trial industry. Our vibrant culture focuses on four key values: All In, As a Team, For a Purpose, Solving Problems.

We are a multi-year recipient of the Philadelphia Business Journal’s Best Places to Work award, and love to give shout-outs and awards to our employees. Our For A Purpose committee champions philanthropic activities throughout the year so employees can give back to our community. We have a diversity committee that focuses on breaking down barriers, recognizing that our uniqueness is what makes us so successful!

To Join Our Team

You must love numbers and manipulating large sets of data. You also must be analytical with experience extracting and uploading data into a system - paying special attention to detail and taking pride in accuracy. At the same time, you have to be able to excel in a fast-paced environment and love ever-changing and advancing work. If automating and making things efficient is your thing, look no further!

How You Will Contribute
Build internal relationships and deliver data science solutions to meet their needs
Extract and manipulate large amounts of data using SQL, Excel and visualization analytics software
Present analytics and data visualizations for stakeholders, with actionable insights
Provide ad hoc queries, and develop reports that provide insights and access to key performance metrics
Integrate data from multiple sources into reports for internal and external sources
Conduct quality control and auditing to ensure accuracy and appropriateness of data and configurations
Work cross-functionally with Operations and Technology to improve data quality and reporting
For Consideration You Will Have
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, finance or equivalent work experience
SQL and advanced Excel experience
Prior coding experience (a plus)
Proficiency with visual analytics software; MS Power BI, MS SQL Server Analysis is a plus!
Proven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities
Passion for sharing your skills and data knowledge with others
Demonstration of high degree of productivity while handling multiple tasks simultaneously, and easily adaptable to urgent matters when required
Strong written and verbal communication, and research skills
Strong relationship building skills for collaboration",3.6,"Greenphire
3.6","King of Prussia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
46,"Product Data Analyst, International",$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US and we are growing fast in our international markets. Ready to come along for the ride?

About the Role

At CarGurus we use data, not hunches, to inform decisions. Product Analysts play a key role in crafting the data narrative for these decisions. We love to collaborate, we're excited by a challenge, and we believe that ownership enables us to grow.
This Product Analyst role will support the growing International team where you will have opportunities for outsized positive impact through a high level of autonomy as we further develop our Canadian and UK markets. We are looking for thoughtful, daringly curious candidates who can dive into complex data and draw insightful conclusions. You'll work cross-functionally with many departments and stakeholders, and gain exposure to multiple dimensions of the business.

Our team values diversity in experience and backgrounds—we do our best work when we create space for different voices and perspectives. Whatever unique experiences or skill sets you bring, we look forward to learning from each other.

What You'll Do:
Conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources (spanning website usage, dealer behavior, customer activity and more) to understand the performance of existing UK and Canadian products, target opportunities for new product offerings, and map user journeys throughout the website.
Analyze Canadian and UK user behavior via A/B testing, to identify winning product changes unique to each market.
Partner with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to grow our business, including recommending and advocating for performance improvement ideas unique to the international setting.
Define metrics to evaluate business performance, products and experiments; build reports and dashboards to monitor and understand them
Communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key stakeholders
Be a voice and advocate for using data to improve the quality of our decision-making
Who You Are:
1-3 years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or SaaS product data a plus)
Fluency in SQL
Understanding of statistical concepts
Demonstrated ability in learning new reporting or BI tools
Ability to work independently and in a cross-functional setting
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
CarGurus Culture:

At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the company—our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.

We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potential—where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, colour, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada and the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.",3.9,"CarGurus
3.9","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
47,Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Big Huge Games is looking for a qualified Data Analyst to help provide data insights to our games teams and upcoming BHG titles to assist them in making successful strategic and game direction decisions. This role works closely with our Product and Design teams to structure quantitative questions, gather player data, employ statistical methodology in analysis of the data, and construct insightful reporting and visualizations to communicate those results to the wider team.

Responsibilities
Provide reports and monitoring tools to assist team in daily game health assessment
Perform in-depth analysis of game metrics to inform and support both short and long-term product direction decisions
Communicate the results of analyses to the product team, game studio, and outside partners through data visualization and presentations
Qualifications
3-5 years experience with querying large complex data sets with SQL on relational databases
Several years experience performing quantitative analysis preferably with a games, web, or technology focus
High level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, or equivalent
Passion for problem solving, from generating insightful questions to research, through presentation of results and follow-on steps
Track record of success working in fast-paced environments with shifting priorities and deadlines
Ability to work in both individual and team settings
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or another quantitative field
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About Big Huge Games:

Big Huge Games is a small, passionate team led by experienced game development veterans, proudly located just north of Baltimore, MD, who are excited about the rise of touchscreen platforms. We believe in hiring talented team members who enjoy working in a fun and positive environment.

The company was founded in March of 2013 by Brian Reynolds (Civilization II, Rise of Nations, FrontierVille) and a group of longtime collaborators. Big Huge Games is dedicated to ""Finding The Fun"" through rapid prototyping and a focus on great user experience.

In July 2015 we launched our first game, DomiNations, which was awarded “Editors Choice” in the app store and continues to be successful with audiences across the globe. In 2016 we were acquired by our publisher, Nexon, and now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary, allowing us the stability of a larger studio but the feel of a smaller, indie game team.

Our goals are simple: Make great games, strive to always be improving, and live up to the motto you gotta have fun to make fun.

This a full-time position onsite at our studio in Timonium, MD.
Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID19 positions will begin remote before transitioning to onsite.

Applicants should download DomiNations on iOS or Android and be prepared to discuss the game.",4.9,"Big Huge Games
4.9","Timonium, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
48,Investment Advisory Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Investment Advisory Compliance Opportunity in Financial Services

IA Data Analyst

Location: 10 Exchange Place, Jersey City, NJ 07302

INTERNAL APPLICANTS: All qualified internal applicants, irrespective of location, will be considered for all internally posted roles at this time. Compensation range displayed in internal postings is the national average, and compensation decisions will be employee-location based.

Summary:

The Investment Advisory Data Analyst works within the Investment Advisory compliance department as a lead analyst supporting the RIA Deputy Chief Compliance Officer.

Responsibilities:
Forensic Testing Develop ad hoc reports to support forensic testing efforts as part of the annual review required by rule 206(4)-7. Forensic testing will be used to test for previously unidentified issues by:
Gaining additional insight form data or other information or evidence evaluated in new ways from current information sources, and in additional ways from new information sources
Determining whether currently undiscovered circumstances are in fact, present
Exploring uncertainties
Acting on ones instincts and with skepticism, as in asking questions of what if, what about or how do we know
Quality Assurance As an extension of forensic testing, perform quality assurance on integrity of data provided by IT directly to IA compliance, or operational functions where IA Compliance has oversight.
Support Regulatory Inquiries Provide support to regulatory affairs team on regulatory data requests for RIA entities.
Assists with special projects, including creating compliance reports based upon deficiencies and/or recommendations from regulatory inquiries.
Perform Monitoring & Surveillance over business processes and controls
All other duties as assigned
Education Requirements:
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred, high school diploma (or equivalent) in combination with significant experience will be considered in lieu of degree. Minimum of high school diploma or equivalent is required.
Basic Requirements:
Two to five years of relevant work experience with a financial institution such as a broker/dealer, registered investment adviser, regulatory agency, or other financial institution.
Two to five years experience in MS SQL Server, VBA, and Excel macros
Proficiency in MS Office and various other business applications
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to operate effectively as part of a project team or individually
Be A Part Of The Team Behind Our Success!

At Advisor Group, we support more than 11,000 financial advisors, the people who help everyday Americans achieve their dreams. Were a billion-dollar business with the mentality and drive of a startup. Join us in building something special.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Advisor Group is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace and we hire the most qualified candidates without regard for age, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, language differences, nationality or national origin, family or marital status, physical, mental, and developmental abilities (or the perception of a disability), genetic information, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, skin color, social or economic class, education, work and behavioral styles, political affiliation, military service, caste, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Eligibility

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Advisor Group.

Unqualified Applications

Advisor Group does not consider applications from candidates who do not meet the minimum qualifications stated in the job posting.

Recruiting Agencies

Advisor Group only accepts candidates from contracted recruiting firms and only for searches approved prior to submissions. Fees will not be paid for unsolicited submissions.",3.5,"Advisor Group
3.5","Jersey City, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Brokerage Services,Finance,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
49,Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

A Data Analyst designs, executes and interprets past and real time data to identify trends, reconcile inconsistencies, and make recommendations to improved IT Service Delivery This includes active analysis of the traditional ITSM Event, Incident, Request, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Configuration and Release processes.

What Youll Get to Do:
Monitors and queries the IT Service Delivery platform to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management, and conduct proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the ITSM Process Leads and Customer Engagement teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Analyze, define, and report on trends identified in the data
Facilitate Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Leverage the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection solutions, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of information
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement and Continual Service Improvement (CSI) opportunities
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Active TS/SCI with Poly required
A bachelor's degree OR equivalent experience/4+ years of IT experience AND 1+ year of data analyst, performance management, and service delivery reporting
ITIL Foundations certification
A good understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of statistics and experience with statistical tools to analyze data sets (Excel, SPSS, or SAS)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Experience with Tableau
Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
allspark

BITS3

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
50,Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the role:

Dodge Data & Analytics is searching for a Data Analyst who will responsible for the production, support, and maintenance of custom Dodge Research and Analytics products and services. The Analyst will work closely with the Dodge sales force and will serve as part of a team for the Analytics group customers in the support and use of their products.

What you'll do:
Work in a group of 4-6 analysts to provide regular data analysis and delivery of ongoing services to a set of clients.
Support clients by providing an understanding of our proprietary data and its application to their business and industry.
Work in a PC based environment using a variety of software and database packages to provide data analysis and production of numerous client-specific deliveries.
Work directly with specific customers as the key contact for certain information services.
Build strong relationships with the internal sales team to enhance existing services and to support new business opportunities.
Maintain quality standards in all client deliveries.
Develop a thorough knowledge of Dodge Analytics databases and products.
Work with the Analytics sales specialists in supporting our products with customers and supporting any efforts to maintain or enhance our current client relationships. This will eventually include some direct client contact by telephone and email.
What you'll bring:
Strong analytical and problem-solving ability, self-motivated team player, and capable of working in an independent atmosphere with minimal supervision.
Technical proficiency with database (Microsoft Access) and spreadsheet (Excel) applications beneficial.
Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills, including the ability to effectively interact with both customers and team members. The Data Analyst will be a direct point of contact for customers whose services are assigned to him/her.
Familiarity with basic business analysis.
BA/BS or more required
0-3 years of professional experience required.
Dodge Data & Analytics is committed to leveraging the talent of a diverse workforce to create great opportunities for our business and our people. EOE/AA. Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Veteran",2.6,"Dodge Data & Analytics
2.6","Bedford, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
51,Data Governance Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ocean Spray believes that our employees are our best asset and we offer an environment where you can work with exceptionally smart, innovative, passionate teams that are motivated to deliver Ocean Spray products around the world. If you are looking for a rewarding career where you can Grow, Own, Live and Drive your career every day, Ocean Spray is for you!

Who We are Looking For:

We are looking for a challenge seeker with a passion for data to help us grow our Data Governance program at Ocean Spray. If you have a deep appreciation for efficiency and for getting things right up-front, this is the role for you! The ideal candidate will possess solid business acumen and the ability to evaluate processes and drive improvements. Self-motivation, strong organizational and prioritization skills, an ability to multi-task and attention to detail are just a few of the competencies that will lead to success in this role.

What You Will Do:

In this role you will help drive forward data governance improvements by developing a deep understanding of business processes, identifying opportunities for fixing broken processes and ensuring quality data capture and maintenance. You will partner with business process subject matter experts across departments to create, document and maintain validation rules for automation. You will also work hand in hand with the Data Architecture team and other members of the Tech team as you gain knowledge of our end-to-end system design and build understanding of data elements and their lineage.

Responsibilities:
Support development of data governance framework and enterprise data governance policies, processes, standards and roles across systems and projects
Own, understand and govern the master data management process (own the rules of the data)
Improve data capture processes to enhance business analysis and decision-making
Improve data accuracy and “tie-out” between systems
Provide clarity to filed values, calculations and reporting to improve internal understanding
Configure attribute workflow management using Ocean Spray’s master data management toolset
Identify opportunities for system automation and reduction of manual data capture
Collaborate with business process SMEs across departments to develop mechanisms and rule sets to validate the accuracy of data
Contribute to Ocean Spray’s Data Governance Policies & Procedures and share with the cooperative to ensure best practices are followed
Audit master and transactional data for SLA compliance
Qualifications:
B.S. or M.S. in either Business or an Analytical discipline – a combination of the two major/minor would be ideal (for example Data Science and Business)
3-5 years of related CPG experience
Knowledge of industry data standards
Experience with Tibco EBX preferred
Strong project management skills
Intermediate understanding of data architecture concepts
Experience with SQL preferred
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Ability to work independently when needed
Strong “executive presence”
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.",2.8,"Ocean Spray
2.8","Lakeville, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1930,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
52,Senior Data Analytics Analyst (Corporate Quality),$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"This Senior Data Analytics Analyst for Corporate Quality will be responsible for collecting and preparing data, managing varied sources of data, and maintaining reports for distribution. This role will collaborate cross functionally with various areas of the organizations to develop a deep understanding of Quality metrics of the Edwards business and will be accountable for architecting and implementing data modeling solutions that improve business processes. The successful individual must have a combination of analytical skills, data management understanding, and business acumen with an ability to think enterprise-wide. The Sr. Analyst would be comfortable with interacting with upper management and enforcing standards.

Key Responsibilities:
Data Management and Preparation: Identify, evaluate, cleanse, and organize disparate data sources. Identify data sources available and collect primary data where necessary. - Understand and assess the value of data sources based on our organizational need. Prepare and structure data within our systems for analysis.
Data Analysis: Administer and maintain our models, dashboards and reporting tools for distribution of analysis. Support and automate the ongoing analysis of trends and key performance metrics. Perform ad hoc analysis as assigned and identify new opportunities for value-add analytics as needed.
Collaboration: Work across functions to understand the nuances of our data from across the organization and external sources. Seek to understand the data and analytical needs of our stakeholders. Work closely with the IT organization to manage and maintain data within our systems.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree with 5 years of experience with data analytics; OR Master’s degree with 3 years of experience with data analytics.
Experience developing queries, analyzing data and developing reports, dashboards and data insights
Experience with data visualization/modeling related tools such as: Power BI, Tableau, Raw, QlikView, Spotfire, etc.
Utilizing programming languages such as: Python, R, C/C++, JAVA, or other similar languages
Using reporting tools and querying languages such as: SQL, SAS, Crystal Reports, SAP Hana, or similar
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in the medical device, pharma, biotech, or healthcare related industries
Experience with electronic Quality Management Systems (ETQ Reliance, Sparta TrackWise, Pilgrim SmartSolve, CATSWeb, etc)
Knowledge and experience with Quality Systems (e.g. CAPAs, NCRs, Complaints, etc)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Results-oriented, positive “can-do” attitude with demonstration of appropriate urgency and initiative
Detail-oriented, producing high quality work
Ability to influence and build strong relationships is essential
Strong ability to manage and work with different cultures and nationalities
Ability to manage competing and evolving priorities in a fast-paced environment
Ability to adapt to new technologies and rapidly changing environment
Participate in project communications, training materials, and business procedures/documentation
Edwards is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer including protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities.",3.7,"Edwards Lifesciences
3.7","Irvine, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1958,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
53,Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst
Location: Washington, DC
Education Required: Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.
Skills Required:

We are seeking highly motivated individuals to support a range of critical and exciting Department of Defense (DoD) and Naval Acquisition projects. Ideal candidates will possess a Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, or related fields and 3+ years of experience, or a Master’s degree in a related field and at least one year of experience.

Successful candidates will also possess the following qualifications:
24 semester hours of quantitative course work (mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, chemistry, etc.)
Experience obtaining, integrating, analyzing, and reporting client data, esp. acquisition data
Ability to apply analytic techniques to define project objectives and strategic direction, resolving complex problems using an in-depth knowledge of analytic methodologies and principles
Strong researching, data gathering, and technical reviews needed to produce written deliverables to include reports, spreadsheets, databases, formal process mapping, and technical designs
Microsoft Access experience
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance
U.S. Citizenship required
Responsibilities:
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings to various levels of government leadership
Develop algorithms for data analysis
Plan and conducts work requiring judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation and/or modification of methodologies and tools
Consult with senior consultants or functional specialists on unusual or complex problems
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings
Benefits:
We offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. We have an excellent benefits package that includes:
Comprehensive health, dental, life, long and short term disability insurance
100% Company funded Retirement Plans
Generous vacation, holiday and sick pay plans
Tuition assistance

Benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of 30 hours per week.

Tecolote Research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource. Our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need, and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. Apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.",3.8,"Tecolote Research
3.8","Washington, DC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
54,ServiceNow Data Visualization Analyst *Sign On Bonus*,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

As a ServiceNow Dashboarding and Reporting subject matter expert (SME), you will work closely with ServiceNow engineering teams and requesting stakeholders to ensure the thorough analysis and visualization of large data sets. You will be embedded in the engineering division that is currently building out ServiceNow for a large government customer. You will build complex reports and dashboards in ServiceNow and Tableau, and sometimes guide stakeholders in their quest to build them self-service. You will work with key stakeholders and client Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to understand their business or contractual needs, in order to best report or visualize the stat story.

Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Must have an active TS/SCI with Polygrah
Technical ability to manipulate data in ServiceNow and Tableau as tasked
Ability to interact comfortably with Government stakeholders and engineers on a day-to-day basis
Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to be flexible with changing priorities and a strong team-player
Independent self-starter who can provide input to engineering teams with minimal instructions
Leading efforts to develop and maintain views to enable ServiceNow Performance Analytics dashboards and reports
Providing highly technical expertise in developing reports using ServiceNow Performance Analytics
Supporting report development in Tableau
Conducting statistical and predictive analysis based on project assignment or specific request
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand and recommend self service activities related to analytics
Develop data flows between data sources as required to create data sets and perform analyses
Integrate and prepare large, varied datasets for analysis. Identify and assess data attributes to develop recommendations and analytical processes based on mission requirements
Interpret and analyze data collected from a variety of sources using exploratory and statistical techniques, validating findings using an experimental and iterative approach
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Experience with Agile Scrum teams
Experience with ServiceNow Reports Module
Experience Visualizing data on a commensurate platform (ServiceNow, Tableau)
Understanding of ITIL principles
Experience managing relationships, operating procedures and service level agreements with clients and coworkers
Experience Supporting Service Management tool suites including HP, BMC Remedy, CA, and ServiceNow
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
BITS3

allspark

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
55,Health Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Tuesday, August 18, 2020

JOB SUMMARY:

Extract and analyze health care data for specific studies and corporate initiatives, assisting with data intensive projects. Serve as a technical resource to department staff and management. Work with management of operational areas to assist them in accumulating data to meet their needs. Provide advice to management regarding effective techniques to analyze and report on data to display the most effective result.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Perform routine to moderately complex analysis and design for various business applications.
Create reports and spreadsheets displaying data in a logical and concise manner.
Develop procedures to enhance reporting and query capabilities to improve efficiency and accuracy.
Maintain documentation of business specifications pertinent to the business requirements.
Provide fundamental analytical support to the organization by developing and promoting consistent analytical methodologies.
Design and model data extractions and provide comprehensive assessments of trends and data.
Participate in department initiatives and projects.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Three to five years of health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database design, and technical documentation experience
Preferred Education, Additional Qualifications and Experience:
Knowledge of applied statistics
Knowledge of econometric modeling
HIAA certification
Experience in the health insurance industry
Required Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities:
Advanced analytical skills, with the ability to interpret and synthesize complex data sets
Understanding of SAS programming, spreadsheet, and database software and other application development tools
Good business acumen and political savvy
Knowledge of business process improvement techniques and strategies
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Negotiation skills
Presentation skills
Decision-making skills
Good problem solving skills
Ability to interface with employees at all levels
Ability to effectively navigate ambiguous situations with limited direction
Excellent organizational skills and ability to successfully prioritize multiple tasks
Ability to handle multiple priorities/projects

At Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island (BCBSRI), diversity and inclusion are central to our core values and strengthen our ability to meet the challenges of today's healthcare industry. BCBSRI is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information and gender identity or expression.
The law requires an employer to post notices describing the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, and genetic information and gender identity or expression. Please visit http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf to view the ""EEO is the Law"" poster.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary",3.7,"Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island
3.7","Providence, RI",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1939,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
56,Data Analyst - Online Education,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
57,Senior Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Company Overview:

Guided by a mission to help, ABILITY, an Inovalon company, is a leading information technology company helping healthcare providers and payers simplify administrative and clinical complexity by enabling data-driven improvements in healthcare.

Through specialized, easy-to-use applications and data analytics that work together, customers of all types and sizes across the continuum of care – rely on ABILITY to help optimize reimbursement, care quality and staffing.

Our employee philosophy is simple: We hire smart, talented people and trust them to do their thing. As part of ABILITY, you’ll grow with a company that wants you to succeed. To support you, we provide the teams, the latitude, the support and the culture so you can try new things, broaden your experience, and grow and succeed with us. Join our team and help make ABILITY a great place to do great work.

Job Purpose:

There are two primary outcomes of this Senior Data Analyst role. The first outcome is to provide analysis and reporting to leadership to drive the business forward. The second outcome is to keep our systems and data warehouse efficient and accurate through writing efficient SQL code, designing automated reporting, and providing recommendations to committees for further process/workflow automation. This role will be interacting with all departments and job roles, from the bottom of the org chart up to the President of ABILITY and will require strong communication and technical skills.

Responsibilities


Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Developer of ad-hoc, automated, and recurring reporting enterprise wide (Executive Team, Finance, Marketing, Sales, Sales Operations, Customer Operations, IT, Development, Product Management)
Develop and maintain a database and reporting structure in order to remain the primary source of data analytics and reporting within the company
Communicate your analysis and reporting in an easy to understand way through presentations, email, and with proper documentation.
Learn & maintain an in-depth knowledge of the processes relevant to data analytics that are in place for each department while identifying areas for process improvement and working to fix them
Perform month end variance analyses to understand in detail the drivers for variations in financials and various other 'ad-hoc' analyses as requested to help identify what is happening within the business
Lead, encourage, and support all analysts with reporting, insights, project review, and training in our data measures and structures
Research and implement new reporting solutions, both with internal applications and external applications in order to utilize our technology to the fullest
Maintain compliance with Inovalon’s policies, procedures and mission statement;
Adhere to all confidentiality and HIPAA requirements as outlined within Inovalon’s Operating Policies and Procedures in all ways and at all times with respect to any aspect of the data handled or services rendered in the undertaking of the position;
Fulfill those responsibilities and/or duties that may be reasonably provided by Inovalon for the purpose of achieving operational and financial success of the Company;
Uphold responsibilities relative to the separation of duties for applicable processes and procedures within your job function; and
We reserve the right to change this job description from time to time as business needs dictate and will provide notice of such.
Qualifications
BA/BS in Finance, Accounting or related Data Analysis field
Minimum 5 years of related experience
Expert knowledge in Microsoft Office suite including Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
Ability to write complex SQL queries required
Experience with Tableau required
Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) required
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrate ability to work effectively with others within a complex, fast paced organization required
Capability to work independently when needed, with strong “executive presence”
Merger and acquisition experience a plus


Travel: 0%",3.0,"Ability Network
3.0","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
58,Healthcare Data Analyst,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Xtend Healthcare, established in 2009, is seeking professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young) within its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice. These full-time positions offer a competitive salary and an attractive benefits package. The positions are long-term with no scheduled end date. Many current Xtend Healthcare employees have been contracted in similar roles at EY for multiple years -- some well over a decade.

EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. EY is looking to expand its existing team of Xtend Healthcare data analysts. Xtend Healthcare employees who act in these contracted roles have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. Some individuals do occasionally travel for work, but travel is not required by all. Candidates are expected to work daily in EY's downtown Indianapolis, Indiana office location.

EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills, healthcare industry knowledge, and consulting skills through on-the-job training. The services provided include assisting their clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs.

We are seeking qualified candidates for ourHealthcare Data Analystposition. This position will work with our client's proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

JOB SUMMARY:

1. Analyze large volumes of hospital data.

2. Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
3. Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.

4. Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
2+ years experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended.
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH and/or Medicare bad debts, is a significant advantage.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel (required) with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience (recommended).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment.
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts.
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities.
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies.
Willingness to travel occasionally (plus).
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.2,"Navient
3.2","Indianapolis, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
59,Data Analyst - Intex Developer,$33k-$59k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst - Intex Developer


New York

Apply now

Refer someone

Bring your hands-on software development experience to our Credits Market team in New York.

In this highly visible role, you will use your strong Python programming skills to work alongside other senior developers to build data services and integrate them with Excel models for our front office. A knowledge of Intext software applications would be very useful for this role, but not a pre-requisite for application.

Critical to success in this role is 3 years or more of hands-on development experience with data analytics and creating and streamlining data libraries specializing in credit loan models (RMBS, CLO, ABS, student loans etc.). You will also need to be comfortable working in both Linux and Windows and have an understanding of modern system architectures.

To be successful you will need to possess:
a Degree in quantitative field (math, engineering, computer science)
strong technical acumen with Python and Intex in Microsoft and Linux environments
experience collaborating with other developers on non-trivial projects in a fast-paced setting
If you're ready to start your career, please apply now.

Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.

Find out more about Macquarie at www.macquarie.com/about

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

If you're ready to start your career, please apply now.

About Commodities and Global Markets

Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

We recognise that flexibility comes in a variety of forms. Talk to us about what flexibility you need.

*LI-AMERICAS",3.5,"Macquarie Group
3.5","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
60,Senior Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Put your data and business understanding into action by helping Outlier customers make data-driven decisions. You will analyze large SQL databases to understand how best to integrate them with the Outlier product. In particular, you will need to understand use cases for using Outlier and recommend the configuration of data to quickly deliver actionable Outlier insights for our clients.
As a Senior Data Analyst at Outlier, you will:
Work with leading brands to partner with them on how to use their data to ask better questions of their data using Outlier's automated business analysis
Perform analysis on large datasets to enable data-driven decision making, using tools like Python and SQL
Learn about new data and analysis challenges faced by our customers and think quickly and creatively about how to best leverage Outlier's features and functionalities to solve those challenges
Guide our current and potential customers from use case development through the navigation of their (often complicated) data structures and systems to deliver real results
Teach the team around you in order to build a scalable organization
To be a great fit for the position, you should have:
A college degree in mathematics, statistics, or computer science or equivalent experience
5+ years of relevant work experience
Designed, implemented, and analyzed business performance metrics using Python, R, or a similar language, by accessing data from large SQL databases and APIs
Created a database schema and written SQL to analyze data stored in databases
Communication skills that allow you to describe complicated concepts to technical and non-technical members of internal and external teams
The ability to problem-solve quickly and apply data analytics skills to different customer use cases and industry verticals
Excellent time management, task organization, and prioritization skills
A constant desire to learn and improve
Please note that if you are selected, part of our interview experience will include a project-based take-home challenge where you’ll have the opportunity to present your work to the team.",5.0,"Outlier.AI
5.0","Oakland, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
61,Sr Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

This is your opportunity to join the growing Ascension Data Sciences Institute! This position is ideal for someone with a passion for data analysis, working with different analytic tools, helping stakeholders to make data-driven decisions, and solving problems in healthcare!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

Serves as a key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of financial models, reports, and dashboards. Implements and supports business analytics and decision-making processes. This role will also assist developing relevant metrics to track performance and evaluate opportunities for improvement.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines, and recommends scope and format of reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to team and end users on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes data for business and financial insights.
Provides excellent customer service to business stakeholders and end users; serves as a liaison between finance and technical resources.
Initiates action on data requests
Assumes a proactive role in driving improvement activities to achieve department and organizational goals to deliver value.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance highly desired.
Technical Skills
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy preferred.
Actionable interpretation of analytic output
Requirements gathering and data discovery
Statistics (preferred experience in Python, R and RStudio)
SQL for Google BigQuery desired
Professional Skills:
Full scope of understanding Financial Statements
Strong written and oral skills
Strong collaborator and skilled cross-functional communicator
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
62,Finance Data Analyst Internship - Paid,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Finance Data Analyst Internship
Paid Internship - Summer 2021
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uline seeks summer 2021 Finance Data Analyst Interns at its Corporate Headquarters in Pleasant Prairie, WI.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Design, develop, implement and maintain various dashboards and tools.
Utilize SQL and VBA to create tools to increase efficiency in financial processes.
Support the finance department with SQL queries (querying data) and ad hoc analytical tasks.
Gain exposure to multiple business units including Corporate Finance, Accounting, Credit Research / Analysis, Tax, Operations and Corporate Audit.
Enhance technical and financial skills through on-the-job experience and training.

Minimum Requirements
Candidates must be pursuing a Bachelor's degree related to Finance, IT, or Analytics.
SQL or relevant programming experience preferred.
Demonstrate strong problem solving, analytical, leadership and communication skills.
Ability to work on tasks independently.
Microsoft Excel skills required, Access skills a plus.

Benefits of a Uline Internship
Gain professional work experience in an area related to your degree.
Work in a positive, well-balanced environment.
Learn about the industry from all levels of Uline management.
Potential opportunity, upon graduation, for full-time employment with a successful, fast-growing company!
Housing available for those who live more than 50 miles away.

Intern Perks
On-site café with meals and dinner-to-go options prepared by executive chefs.
First-class fitness center with sauna and complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Outings throughout the summer with interns across all departments.
Intern specific Lunch and Learns.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a privately held, family-owned company known for incredible service and quality products. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products found in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Our quality products, huge inventory and ongoing expansion fuel our incredible growth. This is a great time to join Uline!

Apply online today to join us in 2021!",3.4,"Uline
3.4","Pleasant Prairie, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
63,Data Exploitation Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Description

Job Description:

We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Exploitation Analyst to support a client’s requirements in a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The position is for the Pathfinder contract. The Data Exploitation Analyst will be responsible for improving the completeness of data in TIDE by using a variety of methodological tools and approaches to enrich terrorist identity information, including social media networking. The Analyst will require to complying with customer policies and strategies. The Analyst will use techniques, procedures, and mechanisms to reveal the true identity of individuals, personas, or groups by analyzing and exploiting data related to sets of specific identity attributes to build a comprehensive terrorist identity record.

Requirements:

• 4 to 10 years of experience is required

BA/BS degree is required. However, 6 years of work experience may be substituted

for a Bachelor's degree

Knowledge of IC mission, organizations, policies, procedures, and requirements

• Experience in IC related data science research and analysis

• Experience with data science analytic tools including data correlation technologies

• Experience with all-source intelligence sources

• TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Intelligence

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
64,Sr.Programmer Analyst- Precision Medicine Data Management,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Sr.Programmer Analyst- Precision Medicine Data Management

Requisition #: 271824
Location: Johns Hopkins Health System, Baltimore, MD 21201
Category: Information Technology
Work Shift: Day Shift
Work Week: Full Time (40 hours)
Weekend Work Required: Yes
Date Posted: Aug. 19, 2020

SR PROGRAMMER ANALYST

REQUSITION ID 271824

Position Summary:

The Sr. Programmer Analyst supports the Johns Hopkins in Health Precision Medicine initiative. The position has several responsibilities, including building ingest of data from source systems to the Precision Medicine data lake and transforming data to serve a number of different data consumers, including researchers for COVID-19.

The Sr. Programmer Analyst position reports to the Johns Hopkins IT Health Data Integration Services manager but is also expected to work closely with the Technology Innovation Center. This position plays an important role in helping Johns Hopkins leverage electronic medical record and other data assets for clinical research and for the development of clinical and patient facing applications. It is important for this role to understand the information and integration needs, source systems, quality standards, report and analytic requirements, and electronic medical record data to support centralized and decentralized development of institutional and business intelligence content.

Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities (KSA’s):

Requires some knowledge of data modeling, data management, and database development. Experience working in these areas in health system operations is preferred.
Requires some knowledge of data integration tools, data modeling tools, metadata tools, and database design. Understands the range of options and best practices for common ETL design techniques such as change data capture, key generation and optimization, and performance tuning.
Requires some proficiency in SQL programming, query writing, query performance tuning, and database technologies.
Requires some experience with all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Requires analytical ability to solve complex technical problems and participate as part of a diversified staff in matrix-managed groups.
Requires ability to convey technical methods, approaches, and plans to an audience of varying degrees of technical understanding including peers and customers.
Knowledge of ETL processes, cloud-based storage and data management technologies, such as Azure Databricks and Azure Data Factory is preferred.
Preferred Experience with the following databases, workbenches, and codebases: SQL Server, SQL Server Management Studio, SSIS, Java, C++, PHP, Python, IIS, SharePoint and R.
Technical certification in Epic Clarity and/or Caboodle is preferred.
Candidate must be detail oriented and have the ability to work on multiple priorities effectively and prioritize conflicting demands.

Job Responsibilities:

The primary responsibility of the Sr Programmer Analyst is to work on data extraction, transformation and load to support research and data visualization projects. This may involve extending the data lake with additional data to meet business needs. To achieve this the Data Analyst will:

DESIGN, DEVELOPMENT, and DEPLOYMENT

Implement data ingest pipelines and transformations into the Precision Medicine Analytics Platform data lake;
Transform data to comply with standards such as the OMOP Common Data Model;
Extract and transform data to comply with researcher requirements;
Extract and transform data to comply with requirements from data visualization applications;
Deliver data to research groups using the Precision Medicine Analytics Platform;
Design and deliver guidelines that allow a broad base of internal and external developers to build content sourced in the data lake while adhering to established standards and strategy;
Develop and validate the creation and maintenance of enterprise data definitions and metadata;
Participate in project planning to ensure effective use of technology and/or business process to meet customers’ needs;

IMPLEMENTATION AND MAINTENANCE

Monitor changes and resolve highly complex problems by responding as problems arise; Accomplish this by reviewing all processing and output of the newly implemented solution, and by proactively ensuring the solution works successfully in order to satisfy customer requirements and to provide a smooth transition to the new solution;
Oversee changes by adhering to the change management policies and procedures for any given project to communicate to all parties the nature, significance, and risk factors of the solution;
Work with source system owners to establish and measure data quality metrics, investigate and resolve source data issues, and continuously evaluate and refine transformation rules;
Define roles and responsibilities for centralized and decentralized data management functions.

Required Education:
Bachelor’s degree required. Additional experience may be substituted for education.

Equivalency Formula:

JHH: Related experience beyond minimum training experience qualifications may substitute for formal education requirement on a two years experience-for-one year education basis.

Required Experience:
Three years of related work experience with computer systems and applications. Additional education may substitute for experience.

Johns Hopkins Health System and its affiliates are drug-free workplace employers.

We are committed to providing a healthy and safe environment for our patients, visitors and staff members. The Johns Hopkins Hospital has a tobacco-free at work policy. Employees must refrain from using any tobacco products during their work shifts — including while at lunch or on breaks, and whether they are on or off campus.

Johns Hopkins Health System and its affiliates are an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, national origin, mental or physical disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law.",3.4,"Johns Hopkins Health System
3.4","Baltimore, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1889,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
65,Sr. Compliance Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Main Objective: The Compliance Data Analyst Sr (DA) Specialist will be responsible for the administration of the Risk Management & Compliance (RM&C) DA program to provide actionable insights through data and analysis to achieve business objectives.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Assists in the administration of audit tools for workpaper documentation and issues tracking.

Supports the Global Compliance Audit team to embed DA in the audit process in order to facilitate effective risk-based audit approach.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders in the development and implementation of global, regional and subsidiary continuous monitoring activities.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders and their business partners to understand business goals, objectives and challenges, and provides reliable and accurate reports, insights, and analysis to support informed decision making.

Analyzes and interprets complex data sets and communicates trends and findings to RCOs and other RM&C leaders as well as other stakeholders and business partners.

Performs analysis of structured and unstructured data to solve complex business and department problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.

Solicits feedback from stakeholders to continuously evaluate and improve the quality of reports and dashboards.

Assists in the identification and addressing opportunities for process enhancements as well as new analytical opportunities.

Partners with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders to identify opportunities where DA can be utilized to assist the business gain insights with advance analytics tools and solutions.

Supports the development and implementation of various RM&C department initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of the company’s global compliance program.

Delivers training to RM&C team members and other stakeholders on effectively using analytic tools and solutions.

Develops strong relationships with relevant members of the Global Information Services (GIS) department and other DA personnel from other departments to leverage expertise and foster collaboration.

Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and solutions to business partners.

Incidental Duties:

The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required, by management.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree required in Business, Data Science, Data Analytics or a related field.

5 years of experience in Legal, Compliance, Risk, Internal Audit or working with IT systems related to Legal, Compliance, Risk or Internal Audit required; preferably within the healthcare/life sciences/biotech industry.

Strong knowledge and experience in advance analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources preferred.

Expertise in visualization tool e.g., Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau preferred.

Ability to communicate in an additional language preferred.

Knowledge and Skill Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Professional written, verbal, analytical, organizational, problem solving and presentational skills.
Ability to understand and develop business process and controls.
Comfortable working in situations with no clear answer.
Ability to prioritize projects and responsibilities.
Self-starter and willingness to contribute where there is a need within the team.
Ability to adapt in a dynamic and high-growth environment.
Knowledge of laws, regulations, and industry guidance applicable to a global healthcare company.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:

Fully proficient use of the Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, Visio, Excel, Word, Power Point and various and specialized software.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Naples",3.0,"Arthrex
3.0","Naples, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
66,"Enterprise Data, Financial Data Analyst - Content Design Specialist Contractor",$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"We're Bloomberg Enterprise Data - fast paced, innovative and expanding. We have worked hard and smart to become the $1bn business we are today. We partner closely with our clients, taking time to understand their unique businesses and individual data and technology needs. Our endless selection of datasets, covering all asset types, with multiple delivery technologies and flexible scheduling mean our clients are able to get exactly the data they need, when they need it, in the format they prefer. Without us, they simply can't operate.

What's the role?
In this role you will be working with the Bloomberg Enterprise Data Product Management Team specifically on Reference, Regulatory, Alternative and Pricing Data. We are constantly improving our products, to make them more feature rich and application ready, whilst reducing the total cost of ownership. Product Managers have a high level of business, communication, and technology skills, so that they can create working prototypes, specify Engineering tasks, and work effectively with Sales and Clients.

You will design, specify, and create prototypes of large and varied data models and data sets, both financial and non-financial, using a wide range of tools, methods and platforms.
We expect you to evaluate areas of interest, understand what is possible and commercially viable, recognize which models and concepts should be applied, and how the data resources should be acquired. An open, creative approach is critical to your success.

Whilst designing data for diverse addressable markets, you will explore and work with a wide range of data, and apply existing methods or develop new methods. You will also engage in data analysis in a practical way, convince business leaders that your results are worth investing in and educate other analysts and business team members.

Most critically, you will deliver the output of your data design to business users (both non-technical and technical) and will be a key person in shaping the product offering and the customer experience.

We'll trust you to

Operate in an influential business role within a fast growing area.
Design and specify commercially attractive products.
Grow your business and technology skills.
Understand addressable markets.
Evaluate what is possible and viable.
Take responsibility for the Data Architecture of multiple data sets.
Work with Engineering, Product Managers, Sales, and Clients.
You'll need to have:
Experience with financial data
Familiar with specifying and using large structured data and data sets to solve complex business demands
Experience in working with Global Teams, across Sales, Technology, Operations and customers
The ability to address multiple priorities in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Legal authorization to work full-time in the United States and will not require visa sponsorship now or in the future
If this sounds like you:Apply if you think we're a good match! We'll get in touch to let you know what the next steps are, but in the meantime feel free to have a look at this:https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/data-and-content We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.9,"Bloomberg
3.9","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1981,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
67,Data Analyst II,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"You’re not likely to find another company like Vermeer. Our people are from all walks of life in locations around the world, rolling up our sleeves and getting tough work done every day. Together. We’re a family-owned and operated company with an unmatched culture, one that is built on the belief that every Vermeer team member has real, personal impact – on our people, our customers and our world. Whoever you are and where you are in your career, Vermeer helps you be Equipped to Do More®.

Job Summary

Work Shift

1 - First ShiftThe Data Analyst II is responsible for performing complex data analysis to make sense of, and draw conclusions from, information buried in raw data. This position works closely with project team members and business units to identify data-related issues and solve them. This role must be an expert at querying information in relational databases like Oracle, Microsoft SQL, and PostgreSQL and able to document findings in tools such as Word, Excel, or Power BI.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

1. Exhibit the Vermeer characteristics of caring culture, demonstrating agility, customer focused and stewardship while modeling the associated behaviors.

2. Analyze data sets using various statistical methods to identify patterns within data, to gain insight into process performance, and identify opportunities to enhance decision making. Leverage current information sources including databases, process models, business requirements and other artifacts to research and resolve issues. Interpret, draw conclusions, make recommendations, and present findings to customers to support business questions and promote data literacy. Assist the business to take advantage of opportunities to improve data usage, analytical processes, and business process improvements.

3. Contribute to a data strategy and approach including inventory of data sources, metadata, quality, issues, reconciliations and remediations. Participate in planning and execution activities to identify, extract, reconcile, transform, load, and validate and/or converted data. Create mapping specifications, review data models, update business data definitions, and maintain process and project documentation as needed.

4. Define data quality operations and support the development and use of automated tools to deliver comprehensive data cleansing, matching, and quality monitoring capabilities for master and transactional data. Ensure high quality data is collected and discover the source data that causes issues for downstream applications, processes, and reports. Troubleshoot and resolve discrepancies to maintain data integrity and quality of information assets.

5. Prepare data documentation for specific projects or domains. Participate in unit testing and/or user acceptance testing for deliverables. Provide post implementation support for data reconciliation and quality issues.

6. Participate in product evaluations, requirements gathering, and business decisions to ensure new solutions are aligned with the company’s strategic goals and are scalable into the data warehouse platform.

Education and/or Experience

- Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business or related field.

- Minimum of 4 years previous experience with data and application standards, development, and integration; and/or equivalent combination of education and experience required.

Other Skills and Abilities

- Ability to shorten development cycles by implementing new and reusable technologies at Vermeer. Ability to examine business and development processes and apply continuous improvement methods to identify opportunities.

- Ability to define, create and complete a technical task without guidance.

- Excellent analytical skills.

- Ability to maintain positive interpersonal relationships which encourage openness with customers and peers; ability to develop interpersonal relationships with co-workers, staff, clients and the community to meet or exceed expectations.

- Demonstration of excellent written and verbal communication skills. This position requires presenting design recommendations to both technical and non-technical audiences. Clarity of ideas and overall understanding is crucial.

- Ability to create accurate, professional and error-free documents.

- Ability to manage multiple projects while applying project management and organizational skills for task breakdown, planning, and prioritization.

Travel

Up to 5% domestic and/or international travel by car or plane may be required.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or veteran status. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation due to a disability at any stage of the employment application process should contact Team Member Solutions in human resources at (641) 621-8767 or at hr@vermeer.com.",4.0,"Vermeer
4.0","Pella, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
68,Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. You will be responsible for generation, maintenance and delivery (ad hoc, on-demand and automated) of basic reporting and data requests throughout the organization. Utilizing numerous types of data, both modeled and disparate, this analyst will produce accurate, timely reports as requested for various levels of management that is essential for decision-making and performance management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision.

In This Role You Will...
Support in designing, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions organization-wide. Additionally, this role will maintain proper documentation for all ad-hoc, on-demand and standard/regularly-occurring reports distributed.
Takes initiative to learn new types of data with regular guidance from BI leadership by exploring data as well as research into business processes/workflows generating the data
Gains understanding that is critical for delivering accurate report results.
Works with Data Governance to ensure new data is properly documented and understood.
Pursues and shows consistent growth in relevant, technical skills such as SQL, SSRS & Sales Force reporting.
Accumulates and retains knowledge of business practices/procedures at CCM quickly, using this information to think critically about all reporting requests received.
Builds accurate views and queries for use by the organization and potentially other BI analysts, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Assists in conversion of legacy/queries reports in Microsoft Access to other tools like SQL, SSRS, Sales Force Reporting or Tableau
Learns to address expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of reports, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings.
Works in collaboration with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Establishes strong working relationships with the business, taking the initiative to help internal customers refine the scope of reporting requests to ensure internal customers are asking for the data they actually want.
Partners with Data Services and Governance team to address Data Quality and Governance issues that arise, making recommendations as necessary for trends/issues that are discovered
Collaborates with the BI team to develop relevant and repeatable policies and procedures for preparing business reports and departmental processes
Under the direction/guidance of BI's Tableau Developer/Data Analyst, develops dashboards and visualizations in Tableau for consumption by the organization as assigned by department leadership.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Understanding of modern business analytics technology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data and ensure accuracy
Ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
0-2 years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.3,"Christian Care Ministry
3.3","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
69,Product Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"OVERVIEW:

As the Company expands its product offerings, there are rapidly growing needs to use both external and internal data sources to ensure optimal financial and operational performance. The Product Data Analyst is a highly skilled and proficient in their discipline which adds value to the organization. The role will focus on internal data sources, ensuring we have access to the required data and are using effective reports to monitor and interpret this data.

TEAM OVERVIEW:

The Product Strategy Group works to ensure the Company offers competitive products that provide growth and profitability. The group performs a wide range of analytics and uses both internal and external data sources to achieve these ends. We interact and provide guidance primarily to Product, Marketing & Finance.

COMPANY PERKS:

Competitive pay, 401k with company match, Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Educational Reimbursement, Commuter benefits, Discount programs, Inventor patent bonuses

COMPANY OVERVIEW:

Stamps.com (NASDAQ: STMP) is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to customers including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia®, ShipStation®, ShipEngine®, ShippingEasy®, ShipWorks®, GlobalPost and MetaPack™. Stamps.com’s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 500 unique partner applications.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Primary Objectives:
Ensure Product, Operations and Product Strategy groups have timely access to reliable data to make critical, real-time business decisions
Develop a strong working relationship with the Company’s Business Intelligence group; serve as the primarily liaison between the above-mentioned groups and BI
Drive the data reporting strategy for these groups; develop reports to the specifications of these teams; and evaluate appropriate software tools to most efficiently meet team needs
Essential Position Duties:
Acquire, clean, and structure data from multiple sources; analyze data to discover and interpret trends, patterns, and relationships. Working across departments, help us ensure data quality and present data in a way that makes it easy to communicate among different groups.
Master large data sets with SQL and Tableau
Build dashboards and reports, presenting key insights and ensuring data driven actions to improve the business
Seek out improvements in current internal reporting and performance monitoring to drive more accuracy, better insights, and more streamlined processes
Perform other duties as assigned
Additional Job Duties:
Sit for prolonged periods of time
Utilize wrist and hands for a prolonged period of time
Walk short distances
Stand for short periods
Speaking and conversing with others
Lift up to 25 lbs without assistance up to chest height
QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor degree, preferably in a quantitative/analytical field.
Four or more (4+) years of relevant experience.
Skills and Knowledge:
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, including ability to analyze large amounts of data and be able to make recommendations based on identification of trend and gaps along with creating forecasts based on historical data.
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, with strong attention to detail.
Must be a self-starter and ready to work in an intense but fun environment with our existing team of marketing professionals.
Strong communication and relationship-building skills.
Self-motivated individual who is able to prioritize and multi-task.
Works well under pressure and able to meet tight deadlines.
Ability to conduct complex work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgement.
Computer/Software/Application Proficiency:
Advanced Excel user, with strong SQL knowledge
Experience with visualization software such as Tableau required
Travel Requirements:
None anticipated
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about the Stamps.com Privacy Policy for California residents linked here.

#LI-KD1",3.9,"Stamps.com
3.9","El Segundo, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
70,Data Integration & Reporting Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Credible Behavioral Health Software is a leading Behavioral Health Enterprise Software company based in Rockville, MD and providing an Electronic Health Record (EHR) to the growing US Behavioral Health market. With several years of double-digit growth, Credible is expanding our team in our Rockville, MD office and nationally. Credible’s Mission is paramount and central to our success: Improving the quality of care and lives in behavioral health for clients, families and providers. If you are interested in combining a mission driven position with a fast paced, results oriented culture, please apply today.

Credible is looking for qualified candidates with experience delivering high quality reporting and data integration products to Partners. The Data Analyst will have the responsibility of converting business requirements into technical specifications and ensuring that all configuration, software, and data needs are met to deliver high quality reporting and data integration projects on time. This position is under the leadership of the Senior Manager of Data Integration and Analytics.

Join the Credible Team!

Overall Responsibility for the Data Analyst:
Converting business requirements into technical specification for data integration and reports
Establishing and maintaining professional relationships with various stakeholders (e.g., Partners, technical resources, state officials, etc.)
Configuring the front-end and data-related back-end of Credible interfaces for Partners
Working with software developers and partners to troubleshoot issues
Developing application and data workflow diagrams
Communicating priorities and status to internal stakeholders
Interacting with our partners to understand requirements and issues
Working with technical team to help clarify requirements and ensure that product delivery adheres to requirements
Working with QA on test plans and test cases
Delivering quality work while operating as a team player while valuing Credible’s mission and culture.
Identifying areas for improvement in team processes and contributing to solutions
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience.
Industry knowledge of the healthcare space, especially behavioral health
2+ years working knowledge and experience with data, databases, reporting, or similar
1+ years of experience with industry standard codes and file formats like HL7, ADT, CDA, CCD, CCR, LOINC, SNOMED, ICD 9/10, etc
Agile and Scrum methodology experience
Candidate must have excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills including the ability to work with both internal and external customers
Excellent organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple projects and timelines with minimal supervision
Someone who can drive processes independently
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Knowledge and understanding of Healthcare Informatics
Must be authorized to work lawfully in the United States
Credible will not sponsor any applicants for any type of work visa
The following skills and experience are a plus:
SQL & SSRS experience
Business Intelligence software experience
Data integration with HIEs
Credible is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.",4.0,"Credible Behavioral Health, Inc.
4.0","Rockville, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
71,Market Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"We are seeking a creative, data driven Marketing Analyst to join our fast paced, growing organization. Candidate is responsible for researching product and manufacturing trends, evaluating campaign results and making recommendations for growth and operating efficiency improvements to our management team. The ideal candidate will have experience with complex data mining/analysis and implementation. This is a growth position with upward mobility. Complete benefit package includes medical, dental, vision life insurance, student loan repayment assistance and a 401(k) company matched contribution.

Responsibilities:
Evaluate market trends and patterns to suggest new & complementary products
Manage Distribution Price List and analyze market data to identify cause and effect relationships
Evaluate product, pricing, placement (distribution channels) and promotion (advertisements/marketing campaigns) and present recommendations to management
Work closely with Distribution Channel Partners to grow market share in under-represented markets
Examine return on investment of marketing campaigns
Travel to customers and industry events to gather market intelligence
Visit other Amphenol Business Units domestically and internationally to learn best-practices and facilitate implementation internally
Work closely with Sales and Marketing to track competitive landscape and market trends
Requirements:
Undergraduate or Masters degree in Marketing, Business, Engineering or related field
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Preferred:
1-3 years of experience in a fast-paced global manufacturing environment
“An Equal Opportunity Employer” Minority/Female/Disabled/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity or National Origin"" Drug free workplance.

ITAR - The candidate must be able to legally work in the United States; we are unable to provide sponsorship. Position requires candidate to be a US Person as defined in ITAR, 22 CFR 120.15 (US Citizenship or Resident Alien Status) and defined by 8 USC 1101(a) (20).

Apply for This Position",3.5,"SV Microwave
3.5","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1991,Company - Public,Telecommunications Manufacturing,Telecommunications,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
72,Data/Report Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Looking for your next venture? Are you an adventure-seeking, risk taker? Do you want to have meaningful impact and work in a fun, fast paced, dynamic environment? Do you have a passion for excellence and value teamwork?
ReedGroup

We are the top provider in the Absence Management industry and provide our services to major companies including a substantial number of Fortune 100 companies. We are committed to improving health and productivity outcomes while controlling costs - it is at the core of our comprehensive solutions which are designed to return people to their active lifestyles and allow businesses to thrive.

Do you want to join us on the adventure?

What You’ll Get to Do:
Redesign and continuously build something that has a positive impact on the operations within our client.
Collect, analyze and report on data monthly, quarterly, and annually on all Medical Leave Of Absence (MLOA).
Collect, analyze and report on data for statutory state leaves on a quarterly basis.
Develop, analyze and report case load reports and disability statistics.
Monitor for continuous quality improvement process whenever efficiencies or quality standards are not met.
Analyze and complete the Department of Labor OSHA surveys.
What Skills You’ll Use:
Your strong technical expertise in data modeling, database design, data mining, and segmentation techniques.
Your advanced knowledge of statistics and your experience using statistical packages analyzing datasets.
Your ability to effectively convey and communicate information with a wide audience of medical and non-medical personnel.
Your ability to get results and your passion for excellence.
Your excellent interpersonal communication skills.
What You Bring to the Table:
Two to four (2-4) years of experience in processing reports and working with data.
Two to four years’ experience in occupational health, worker compensation or disability data analysis.
An Associate’s degree or Bachelor’s degree or experience in lieu of a degree.
Location:

Jersey City, NJ (Waterfront)
We Offer:
Challenging work opportunities that create meaningful consumer experiences through innovative solutions
Leadership development, skill building and philanthropic opportunities that help you reach your potential
Competitive compensation
No waiting period for excellent medical, dental, supplemental health, life and vision benefits for you and your dependents
Life and disability insurance
A great 401(k) with match
Tuition assistance, paid parental leave and backup family care
Dynamic, modern work environments that promote collaboration and creativity
A culture where doing the right thing, social responsibility, inclusiveness, and community involvement matter
About ReedGroup:

As the largest exclusive provider of absence management services, ReedGroup has been dedicated to helping employees return to work safely for more than 35 years. We create a seamless experience so clients can excel at their jobs and better serve their employees – supporting a thriving, engaged, and skilled workforce.

ReedGroup is a wholly-owned, independent subsidiary of The Guardian Life Insurance Company – providing even more ways we can better serve people. Guardian has been helping people protect their futures and secure their lives for more than 150 years, and today serves 27 million people by helping them find financial confidence and well-being in life, health, and wealth. And as one of the largest mutual insurance companies, we know what matters most: putting the needs of customers first.

ReedGroup is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, affectional or sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, marital status, disability, military or veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law.",2.3,"ReedGroup
2.3","Jersey City, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1977,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
73,Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Healthgrades is focused on providing trusted information that allows consumers and providers to make meaningful connections. As a Data Analyst focused on our Physician Relationship Management platform your primary areas of responsibility and accountability will be:
Data Querying and Data Management
Generating Data Driven Reports and Applications
Organizing and Reporting Results to Stakeholders
Presenting Findings and Recommendations
What you will do:
Conduct statistical research and analysis in support of our clients
Share findings and recommendations with team members in sales, marketing, creative, and campaign operations
Help our clients understand what information most influences their customers
Use SQL, Excel, data reference tools, etc. to look at Big Data and develop compelling stories
What you will bring:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Applied Analytics, Healthcare Analytics, or equivalent experience
2+ years' experience in data analytics
Understanding of SQL data relationships and structures
Experience with large-scale relational databases, data transformation, and data queries using Microsoft SQL
Ability to translate data findings into actionable recommendations and process improvements
Ideal Candidates will have also experience in digital and direct marketing, campaign management, and presenting data findings to stakeholders from across the business including executives.

Why Healthgrades?

At Healthgrades, we recognize that our people drive our greatest achievements. We are passionate about maintaining a fulfilling, rewarding and high-energy work environment while setting the stage for continued success.
Impactful Work empowering consumers with data to make the right decisions for themselves and their families
Changing the Game evolving culture with career advancement opportunities
Community Builders collaborating with local charity and wellness initiatives
Robust Perks generous PTO, 401k contributions, tuition assistance, entertainment discounts and more!",2.8,"Healthgrades
2.8","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
74,"Data Analyst, Shopper Operations",$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"At Shipt, we are transforming the grocery shopping experience and giving time back to consumers. Our friendly shoppers handpick fresh groceries and household essentials, then deliver them to your door in as little as one hour.

Shipt is growing and we are searching for a Data Analyst to join our team! In this role you'll be responsible for finding relationships between shopper behavior, product development, and profitability.

What You'll Gain

You will get experience working with a cross-disciplinary team shipping real-world products to our customers around the nation. You will also receive hands-on mentorship from your friendly teammates on topics ranging from design to career advice

Your Responsibilities
Provide ongoing analysis for shopper focused teams and new initiatives
Build reports and analytical capability across different functional groups in an effort to optimize costs and quality of service
Assist in the operations planning and decisions by collecting, researching, and analyzing shopper data to achieve target KPIs
Solve operational problems and associated technical issues; modify existing tools, techniques or processes as you find opportunity
Find opportunities for operational improvements, communicate your findings to others, and develop practical implementation plans
Requirements
Bachelor's Degree in a quantitative field
1-3 years of high achievement in an analyst role or a similar role
Strong R/Python and SQL (we use Postgres, Snowflake) skills are required
Experience with Business Intelligence platforms and data visualization tools (Tableau) is a major plus
Nice to Haves
Problem solving ability; able to rapidly find opportunities for improvement, locate key levers to effect change, and formulate a practical implementation plan
Data driven decision mentality and sound business judgement through strong analytical thinking
Explicit experience with Tableau and Snowflake
Experience with creating statistical models
understanding of the ETL process and table building.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.5,"Shipt
3.5","Birmingham, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Product Rental,Consumer Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
75,Sr Data Science Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Job Summary
The Sr. Data Science Analyst operates as an internal consultant, finding solutions to the most critical organizational challenges in a fast-paced health care environment, leading to improved patient outcomes and performance for our business partners. The challenges that are complex from a methodology or business perspective are frequently the types of projects that this role tackles.
Reponsibilities
Successfully guide Data Science projects from concept to completion as a combination of Data Science subject matter expert, project manager, and business analyst.
Perform Research and Development to generate new products and/or ways to use our data to improve patient outcomes.
Translate identified business challenges or opportunities into actionable project efforts with defined scope and goals.
Create visual concepts/mockups that foster a shared understanding of business challenges or opportunities.
Coalescing stakeholders toward reasonable project objectives that address the most pressing challenges of our business.
Collaborate and coordinate with clinical, business, IT and engineering partners in the design and development of products that address key business challenges using internal and/or external data.
Effectively communicate the practical nature of the results of various analyses to business stakeholders using illustrations and practical language.
Pilot a proposed solution to demonstrate its effectiveness and/or suggest improvements.
Create reports documenting key findings, observations, outcomes, and/or recommendations clearly.
Develop, document and maintain code in a clear and reproducible manner.
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field required; advanced degree preferred
5+ years of experience in analytics role
3+ years of experience with SQL; fluent in basic operators, joins, date and character functions;
3+ years of experience with R or Python, particularly with ggplot/matplotlib, statistics and analytics packages
3+ years of experience addressing practical business challenges in a Data Science/Analytics role
Professional experience as a project/program manager and/or business analyst preferred
Certifications in Data Science, Health Information Technology, Lean, Six Sigma, project management and/or business analysis a plus
Experience with RegEx, RShiny, R Markdown, Atlassian suite (Jira, Bitbucket, Concurrence), MS Excel (particularly pivot tables) and MS Access (VBA) preferred
Results-oriented mentality, capable of fluidly moving between roles and projects.
Team-first orientation, thriving in a collaborative, team-based work environment.
Self-starter mindset with desire to learn on an ongoing basis.
Problem-solver mentality – one who finds creative solutions instead of accepting obstacles as fixed.
Prioritization skills that allow one to cope well with ambiguity, changing requirements, dynamic scope, competing objectives and changes in direction
Willingness to lead the charge to change assumptions, risks and issues into reasonable project direction
Inquisitive nature and reasonable degree of comfort in asking tough questions when needed
Ability to accept and internalize coaching guidance
Willingness to adapt to approaches that meet stakeholder needs
Solid facilitator skillset – one who can align a room full of stakeholders with competing interests toward a narrow set of key objectives
Ability to tell stories through pictures and whiteboarding, often off-the-cuff
Ability to alter communication styles effectively for stakeholders varying from Specialists to C-Suite
Ability to serve as a liaison between business, clinical and IT professionals
Willingness to unearth, track and resolve the detail-level challenges that frequently derail project efforts
Conceptual understanding of Big Data methods
Ability to identify trends or correlations between factors and responses using methods such as trend analysis, regression modeling, clustering, principal components analysis and various feature engineering methods
Ability to conduct designed experiments to establish cause-effect relationships, as well as optimization experiments
Honesty, integrity, and emotional intelligence
Working knowledge of classical statistical / hypothesis testing techniques.
Experience with geospatial analytics platforms, particularly Esri, a plus
Experience with visualization tools, including Tableau, a plus
Experience with prototype development and/or UI/UX Design a plus
Experience with other programming languages and data exchange formats (Java, C#, XML, JSON) a plus
Experience with deep learning (particularly Tensorflow or other GPU-based) a plus
Experience with Natural Language Processing a plus
Experience with automated machine learning (H20, DataRobot) a plus
Experience with big data environments and methodologies (NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Hadoop) a plus",3.7,"naviHealth, Inc.
3.7","Brentwood, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
76,Junior Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Link Logistics Real Estate (“Link”) is an industrial real estate operating platform owned by The Blackstone Group Inc. Link currently manages a national portfolio of high-quality, well-located industrial assets totaling over 400 million square feet throughout the U.S.
The Junior Data Analyst is responsible to maintain various data points and attributes within the Link environment. Additionally, the Junior Data Analyst will update and maintain tenant portal contacts within Yardi and ensure data quality and consistency.

Gather tenant contacts and enter them into Yardi.
Receive requests for tenant portal access and create accounts and invitations.
Maintain consistency of all data points within the environment.
Maintenance of data points and attributes within Yardi including but not limited to contact associations, property attributes, tenant attributes, and employee contact associations.

Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience
Previous Real Estate experience preferred
Excellent communication skills required
Ability to multitask and meet deadlines
Advanced Excel knowledge required
SQL experience a plus
EEO Statement
Our company is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our employment decisions are based on individual qualifications, job requirements and business needs without regard to race, color, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, religion, disability, citizenship status, national origin, pregnancy, veteran status and or any other legally protected characteristics. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations, if you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please email employment@liprop.com
#LI-MB1",3.4,"Revantage Corporate Services
3.4","Fort Washington, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
77,Marketing Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Do you consider a perfectly built data visualization to be a work of art worthy of living room wall space? Are you #AllDataAllDay? Do you have 5-star restaurant chef-like slice and dice skills when it comes to using data to garner insights? Is attention to detail and precision a constant way of life? If so, the Strategy Services team at Listrak is looking for a Marketing Data Analyst to join our team to be a reporting and analysis rockstar to help us service our clients across many industries within ecommerce.

Your primary responsibility as a Listrak Marketing Data Analyst is to support clients with marketing performance and customer analytics generated from the Listrak platform, GXP, and CRM. Reporting to the Sr. Director of Strategy Services & Analytics you will assist with client engagements by updating reporting, analyzing their data to generate findings, create visualizations, and put together strategic performance summary presentations. Responsibilities also include precise execution of campaign reporting and supporting the Strategy team's goals relating to client analysis and strategy. At times you will help work directly with clients on their goals & objectives, assist them in exploring their data to educate them on our pre-built dashboards, and guide them on how to take action off their findings. You will be an ad-hoc analysis resource for all teams at Listrak and will also get to work cross functionally with other teams within Listrak as analytics support is needed.

Essential Functions:
Update GXP reporting, analyze the results, and compile performance summary decks for client engagement presentations
Provide insights & recommendations on client's data by building custom data visualizations, identifying what data fields to use & highlighting areas of opportunities for new data to maximize their use of Listrak CRM and other platforms.
Deliver regular reporting and analysis documentation to clients and present findings or test results in person or via conference calls
Report on key metrics, analyzing and interpreting trends and providing actionable insights based on available analytics data within the Listrak CRM
Research industry trends to stay up-to-date to successfully support clients and collaborate with team members on data focused best practices
Qualifications:
3+ years experience analyzing marketing or ecommerce data
Proficient to advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel
2+ year(s) experience with: ecommerce marketing channels, web analytics tools (i.e. Google Analytics), data visualization tools (i.e. Tableau) and data languages (i.e. SQL)
Google Analytics Certification preferred
Bachelor's Degree or higher, with concentration in Marketing, Business, or a similar fields of study
Proven strength in QA'ing, interpreting, analyzing, synthesizing, and reporting on large data sets
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills in one on one and group settings
Advanced knowledge of Excel, Google Analytics, Tableau, and visualizing data",3.3,"Listrak
3.3","King of Prussia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
78,Senior Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Q2 Solutions is a leading clinical trial laboratory services organization with end-to-end laboratory services and secure, enterprise-wide biospecimen and consent management solutions. With a relentless focus on quality and innovation, Q2 Solutions uses its global experience and scientific expertise to transform science and data into actionable medical insights that help customers improve human health. A joint venture of IQVIA (formerly QuintilesIMS) and Quest Diagnostics, Q2 Solutions combines the best of each parent organization’s clinical trials laboratory services capabilities to fulfill its mission of treating each sample as if a life depends on it.

Job Overview
Provide medical, clinical and scientific advisory expertise to all departments as requested. Participate in all aspects of Medical Science involvement on assigned trials. Perform work in accordance with ICH E6 Guideline for Good Clinical Practice.

Essential Functions
• Monitors progress of clinical trials at the site level or headquarters and ensures that they are conducted, recorded and reported in accordance with the protocol, standard operating procedures (SOP), good clinical practices (GCP), and other applicable regulatory requirements.
• Review and evaluate clinical data in the generation of study concepts and protocols in the relevant therapeutic area and maintaining a high level of awareness of scientific developments and the competitive environment to assist on ongoing strategic re-evaluation of the program.
• Work closely with the Clinical Operations, Clinical Sciences and Global functional teams to ensure the translation of the protocol and clinical development plans into executable operational processes.
• Lead internal or external training as required and support the medical monitor in responses to investigators and other site personnel regarding clinical and study conduct questions.
• Independently review study subject level data for presentation to the medical monitor for clinical decision making, throughout the study life cycle. Liaises closely with the clinical safety scientist to support ongoing aggregate safety data review during a given clinical study.
• May manage alone or in collaboration with clinical safety the operational functioning of data monitoring committees and/or clinical adjudication committees. Clinical Scientist may participate in and present at these meetings, as required.
• Participate in analyzing and interpreting data from clinical studies, and writing/editing or reviewing results in study reports, regulatory submissions, abstracts, posters, presentations, peer reviewed manuscripts, and other documents. As required, lead internal data review meetings to determine strategic interpretation.
• May become a member of the company publication group. Additionally serve as a scientific reviewer for company publications and external research proposals in the area(s) of expertise.
• Participate in the Clinical Operations and Clinical Development teams. Provide support to the clinical development team (CDT) through meeting management support and communication. Act as the delegate or lead where required.
• Interact with internal auditing groups on a study level to ensure clinical development activities are conducted according to internal SOPs and work practices and in compliance with ICH-GCP.

Qualifications
• Bachelor's Degree
• 3-5 Years of relevant industry experience
• Excellent communication (interpersonal, verbal and written) skills, ability to communicate effectively at all levels.
• Knowledge of PC applications
• Ability to work with global teams
• Ability to travel
• Knowledge of Health/Safety and Environment good practice.
• Duty to comply with all applicable standards as required by the company

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Apply Now!",3.0,"Q2 Solutions
3.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
79,DATA ANALYST CNS CONSULTANT,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"DATA ANALYST CNS CONSULTANT

Background: The IDB requires a more profound understanding and collection of information about its stakeholders and audiences including, who are they and where do they engage and how. The Bank has created the Audience Intelligence project to address this challenge via the deployment of a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform and a series of efforts designed to consolidate data and intelligence on stakeholder behavior, interaction, engagement, and perception.

The team’s mission: The objective of the consultancy is to support the Bank in strengthening its analytics capabilities to leverage information obtained in the CRM and other data sources to produce intelligence flows and actionable insights to inform decision-making.

The Information Technology Department is seeking a data analyst consultant with experience working with Salesforce Clouds (i.e. Einstein Analytics, Marketing Clouds Analytics, Communities and Service Cloud) to help transform and change the way we analyze audience (subscribers and stakeholders).
What you’ll do: the selected candidate will:
Support business and technical teams in the implementations of projects that require extending the data structure. This implies carry out coding scripts to describe data structure and its content, identify gaps among other analysis.
Carry out activities to analyze the status of data quality, propose technical alternatives to solve issues detected, accompanying the implementation of solutions, interact with Data Management Team to implement and maintain the data quality rules.
Provide understanding of the root causes of the data quality scores.
Support the data patches required to increase data quality indicators.
Provide documentation of activities implemented in the track of data quality.
Any other activity that would support a higher standard of data quality.
Detail of the activities are available in the annex 1
What you’ll need:

Citizenship: You must be a citizen of one of the IDB’s 48 member countries and have no family members currently working at the IDB Group. We may offer assistance with relocation and visa applications for you and your eligible dependents.

Consanguinity: You have no family members (up to fourth degree of consanguinity and second degree of affinity, including spouse) working at the IDB Group.

Education: Bachelor's degree in computer science or relevant discipline

Experience: At least 2 years of experience working with R, SQL, and data visualization tools.

Languages: You are fluent (written and oral) in both English and Spanish.
Core and Technical Competencies:
Good interpersonal skills to work in a strong team both within ITE and with outside clients/partners of the IDB group.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Good communication skills and the ability to break-down complex concepts for different audiences.
Critical thinking and good judgment.
Business Analysis skills and documentation standards for data quality process.
Ability to quickly develop business and IT acumen on a wide range of subjects.

Opportunity Summary:
Type of contract: CNS
Length of Contract: 12 months
Starting date: October, 2020
Responsible person: IT Lead Specialist. ITE/IPX
Location: Washington, D.C. USA
Requirements: You must be a citizen of one of the IDB’s 48 member countries and have no family members currently working at the IDB Group
Our inclusive culture: Our people are committed and passionate about improving lives in Latin-America and the Caribbean, and they get to do what they love in a diverse, collaborative and stimulating work environment. We are the first Latin American and Caribbean development institution to be awarded the EDGE certification, recognizing our strong commitment to gender equality. As an employee you can be part of internal resource groups that connect our diverse community around common interests.

We encourage women, afro-descendants, people of indigenous origins, and persons with disabilities to apply.

About us: At the IDB, we’re committed to improving lives. Since 1959, we’ve been a leading source of long-term financing for economic, social, and institutional development in Latin America and the Caribbean. We do more than lending though. We partner with our 48-member countries to provide Latin America and the Caribbean with cutting-edge research about relevant development issues, policy advice to inform their decisions, and technical assistance to improve on the planning and execution of projects. For this, we need people who not only have the right skills, but also are passionate about improving lives.

Our team in Human Resources carefully reviews all applications.

“Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic and its implications for our Region, the IDB Group is reviewing its hiring needs and re-prioritizing its areas of talent acquisition. We encourage candidates to continue to apply to the active postings, yet current job openings may be subject to further decisions in terms of timing of the processes, or other actions, in accordance with business needs. Final hiring decisions may also be conditioned to the candidate’s ability to timely relocate to the post of duty at the moment of starting service.”",3.9,"Inter-American Development Bank
3.9","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1959,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
80,Data Analyst - Predictive Modeler,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Zeta Global is looking for a talented Predictive Modeler to join our Analytics team. Armed with the Advanced Analytics & Data Science skills, this position will be responsible for supporting and improving the quality of our customer acquisition efforts using machine learning, statistics and data wrangling skills.

Key Responsibilities:
Predictive/Prescriptive Modeling & Optimization: Develop state-of-the-art predictive and recommender systems that support business objectives.
Data Visualization: Support and maintain KPI dashboards using Tableau. Collaborate with internal teams to gather requirements and provide reporting solutions.
Support Data Infrastructure: Use scripting languages like Python (Pandas, PySpark and Sci-kit) and MySQL to extract, transform and load data. In addition, support the management of internal data marts.
Ad-hoc reporting: Collaborate with cross-departmental teams to drive analyses and insights that lead to insightful decisions and improved financial performance/ROI for the business.
Requirements:
You love being a change agent! You tangibly add value for decision makers with actionable insights from data.
Proven ability to implement statistical/machine learning techniques in R / SQL and Python. In addition, ability to disseminate insights using data visualization tools like Tableau.
Exceptional attention-to-detail with the ability to meet aggressive deadlines. We move at a fast pace and generally have 3-5 projects going at any one time.
Excellent story-telling skills. The insights gleaned are no good if you can't present it in an effective and organized fashion.
MS degree in Business Analytics, Data Science or similar quantitative disciplines. Bachelor’s degree with minimum 1 years of experience will also be considered.
Strong knowledge of modeling algorithms like randomForest, nnet, svm, and glmnet packages in R and Python.
Desired Skills:
Ability to write complex R, Python and PySpark scripts.
Working knowledge with Python NLP packages like Spacy, NLTK and pycorenlp.
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
81,Senior Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"About Known

Known is a modern marketing company engineered for the unprecedented challenges and opportunities facing marketers today. Known pairs PhD data scientists with award-winning creatives, expert research teams and strategists. Known is anchored by two decades of groundbreaking market research and data science capabilities, which uniquely empower our marketing strategy and acclaimed creative groups, who produce some of the most innovative, cutting-edge creative work in culture. The result? Marketing that is predisposed to succeed and be persistently optimized, directly impacting clients' bottom lines. Our clients span the leading brands in finance, technology, media, CPG, real estate and many other categories. Known has over 200 employees in 6 US cities including Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Austin, Boston and New York. Our teams have won multiple Emmys, Clios, Effies, Cannes Lions Awards and ProMax Agency of the Year three times.

Known's Media Science team uses advanced analytics, machine learning, statistics, and algorithms to plan and optimize advertising dollars. We partner with our clients to translate their business goals into meaningful metrics, and buy media across all channels to drive those target outcomes. We are looking for a Senior Data Analyst to join the team and work alongside other data analysts, data scientists, and software engineers.

The ideal candidate will have:
A BS/BA degree from a well-regarded college or university. STEM degrees are preferred.
2-5 years experience in analytics, advertising, ad tech, or media. Experience utilizing Python (or similar language) and SQL regularly
Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
A desire to work on advertising challenges that require flexibility in approach -- everything from on-the-fly analytics to statistics, big data, machine learning, and mathematical algorithms (but not alone!)
A willingness to learn foundational knowledge and skills rapidly
Superb communication and presentation skills
Ability to think strategically, analytically, and proactively about diverse business problems
Passion for managing the quality & accuracy of analytics, including checking your and others' work
Experience multi-tasking in a fast-paced environment is a plus
Experience working directly with clients is a plus
Experience with media buying is a plus
Experience with predictive analytics / data science is a plus
Your responsibilities would include:
Driving performance for our media campaigns and amazing our clients
Day-to-day monitoring, management, optimization, and development of assigned campaigns
Creating and validating data analyses
Building stories and slides for client reports
Developing new approaches (algorithms, models, and automation) to optimize KPIs and improve Known IP
Operating existing software infrastructure to traffic, evaluate performance, and analyze media
Interfacing directly with clients to communicate results",3.5,"Known
3.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
82,Data Validation Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"You’re not likely to find another company like Vermeer. Our people are from all walks of life in locations around the world, rolling up our sleeves and getting tough work done every day. Together. We’re a family-owned and operated company with an unmatched culture, one that is built on the belief that every Vermeer team member has real, personal impact – on our people, our customers and our world. Whoever you are and where you are in your career, Vermeer helps you be Equipped to Do More®.

Job Summary

Work Shift

1 - First ShiftThe Data Validation Analyst interprets, extracts, analyzes, compiles, and audits product and customer data. This position ensures the data adheres to high quality standards (accuracy, validity, completeness) for use throughout the company’s enterprise, including dissemination and use by internal users, dealers, subsidiaries and retail customers, as well as governmental regulatory reporting.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

1. Demonstrate the Vermeer characteristics of caring culture, demonstrating agility, customer focused, and stewardship and model the associated behaviors.

2. Interpret, extract, analyze and compile data; audit data for adherence to the organization’s data quality and integrity standards.

3. Create, execute and archive product-related documents for global product enterprise compliance by establishing a variety of queries, reports in required formats and processes across multiple applications including recordkeeping, source data archiving and/or potential regulatory audits.

4. Create, execute and archive product safety field campaign notices by establishing queries and reports, drafting service bulletins, customer notifications and parts coordination using multiple processes and applications.

5. Understand complex business requirements and data integrity in order to analyze, create, implement and maintain data in response to company initiatives, regulatory changes, or as new information systems necessitate the demand.

6. Audit, cleanse, update and transform the data to maintain data integrity using various methods and tools.

7. Respond to requests from customers and dealers relating to a multitude of inquiries, including product compliance regulatory documents.

Education and/or Experience

- 4-year college degree in Business Information, Administration, Management or related field.

- Minimum of 2 years’ experience in data processing and data analytics.

Other Skills and Abilities

- Demonstrate ability to analyze and evaluate complex data and communicate data issues or non-conformance with internal personnel, dealers, retail customers and others and follow through on resolving data issues discovered to ensure accurate, validated, quality data is available for dissemination through the company’s global enterprise, including dealers and subsidiaries following company’s and regulated security protocols.

- Demonstrate attention to detail and a high sense of accuracy; ability to create accurate, professional and error-free documents in multiple formats—Excel, Access, Word, etc., in a timely manner.

- Ability to identify complex root cause analysis and propose potential resolutions to cleanse and maintain the data by updating, transforming and archiving data.

- Display focus for prompt customer satisfaction and demonstrates excellent customer service skills.

- Demonstrate good oral and written communication skills with the ability to communicate and provide informative, courteous and professional assistance to a variety of customers (retail customers, dealers, co-workers, subsidiaries, public) to present Vermeer brand expectations while fulfilling a variety of reports, government regulated documents and data, and related tasks.

- Ability to balance multiple assignments by planning and prioritizing responsibilities while supporting a variety of internal team members as well as the enterprise, while meeting established deadlines.

- Ability to gain knowledge of current, developing and new applications, product safety field campaigns, global mass mailings and specialized product governmental regulatory documentation.

- Ability to maintain positive interpersonal relationships which encourage openness with customers and peers.

- Knowledge or ability to learn company's product lines and dealer organizations. Possess a strong understanding of the company’s current and historical global products and services as the knowledge is acquired.

- Demonstrate self-initiative with the ability to effectively execute tasks, manage time and resources with minimal supervision.

Travel

Up to 5% domestic and/or international travel by car or plane may be required.

*LI-DD1

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or veteran status. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation due to a disability at any stage of the employment application process should contact Team Member Solutions in human resources at (641) 621-8767 or at hr@vermeer.com.",4.0,"Vermeer
4.0","Pella, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
83,Quantitative Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"At Cogo Labs, we build startup companies from scratch. We are looking for entry level analysts to join our team as Quantitative Data Analysts.

We're not venture capitalists we're a collaborative team of engineers, analysts, and entrepreneurs using innovative tools, big data, and intellectual curiosity to build a platform that spins up successful online businesses, fast. We are committed to hiring analysts with diverse backgrounds in all industries such as finance, marketing, sales, data management, quantitative analysis, and mathematics.

As a Cogo Labs Quantitative Data Analyst, you'll run and grow business lines within our incubator. You'll design and implement marketing programs, analyze performance metrics, and use the insights you gain to drive growth in audience engagement and revenue. Your expertise, ideas, and hard work will have a direct and immediate impact on the success of your project.

What to expect from Cogo:
Near obsessive use of data to inform business decisions. We believe that efficient growth happens when we make every decision based on solid, well directed analysis.
Unmatched opportunity. We believe in mentoring people to grow as quickly as they can. Today's new grad hires are tomorrow's leaders.
Flexibility and novelty. Your role will define itself over time, as you identify the problems that you are uniquely capable of solving.
A fun, supportive culture. Happy employees are the most successful. We take care of our own, and not just because it's good business.

What we expect from you:
A bachelor's degree in a field that requires deep analytical thinking and problem solving. Many of us have Math, Econ, Engineering, or Comp Sci backgrounds, but applications from all quantitative fields are welcome.
0-2 years of experience in an analytics focused role.
Flexibility and self motivation. We value the willingness to wear many hats and the commitment to work on whatever needs to get done.
The ability to make a strong (data driven) case when presenting findings and recommendations, while remaining curious and receptive to feedback.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively as part of a team, and dedication to helping your teammates learn.
Passions and interests outside of work you aren't just your resume.
Bonus points if you've previously been responsible for a business unit's bottom line.
You are:
Analytically minded: Data-driven; believes in the value of making decisions on the basis of rigorous, empirical processes
Articulate: Clearly states project missions, update, decisions, and rationales verbally and in writing
Enthusiastic: Passionate about work; brings a can-do attitude to all activities
Entrepreneurial: Track record of good decision-making and eager to take on a wide variety of analytical and business roles and responsibilities
Flexible: Adjusts quickly to changing priorities and conditions; enjoys working in and thrives in a rapidly changing environment
Focused on results: biased for action; focused on specific goals and resistant to distraction
Open to Feedback: Actively asks for advice; eager to receive performance feedback and responds positively to suggestions and constructive criticism
Ownership: What happens or doesn't happen within your project is your responsibility
Proactive: Acts without being told what to do when appropriate; develops new ideas and self-guides within broader mission
Self-reflective: Considers work in the context of the entire organization; thinks about self-improvement
Supportive: Actively helps fellow team members and treats them with respect and kindness
Work Ethic: Possesses a strong willingness to work hard and sometimes to work long hours to get the job done.
If you're reading this and questioning whether you should apply, apply! There's no such thing as a perfect candidate, and we don't expect you to check every box. We're inspired by the uniqueness that people like you bring to the table. The companies that we incubate are only as innovative as the breadth of lived experiences shared by the teams building them. We can't wait to read your application!

Cogo Labs is an equal opportunity employer and individuals seeking employment with us are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.6,"Cogo Labs
3.6","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
84,Lead Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Big Huge Games is looking for a Lead Data Analyst. In this position, you will be a key member of the product and analytics team, working with cross functional leads in the studio, providing the game development teams the data and insights to help us achieve continued success and ensure that we offer the best possible experience to our players.

Responsibilities
Analyze large, complex data sets representing the behavior of our games' players
Develop the framework, models, tools, and processes that will enable data-driven decisions in our live service games
Provide recommendations based on game data to influence game economies, feature development, and product roadmaps.
Working with Product Management and Design, identify ways to improve the player experience and create enhanced revenue generation in the live service
Deliver regular and ad-hoc reports to studio management as necessary
Coordinate and Manage Analytics Teams across all projects that have a data presence
Understand timeline/roadmap of the product team(s) and how analytics folds into that roadmap
Assist in keeping team members appropriately tasked and understands team time constraints
Motivate, support and mentor other members of the Data Analytics Team and help them meet their career growth goals
Qualifications
BA/MSc in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, or other quantitative field; Masters desirable
10+ years experience with querying large complex data sets with SQL on relational databases
Prior management experience including lead roles managing and mentoring an Analytics Team
R experience and familiarity with column store databases a plus
Proven track record as an analyst, preferably within gaming, mobile, web, or online economy industries
Experience working in large data sets
Experience in defining highly complex requirements, with a focus on providing actionable and understandable results
High level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, or equivalent
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation and interpersonal skills
Track record of success working in fast-paced environments with some shifting priorities
Demonstrated critical thinking and problem-solving capabilities both independently and with others
Strong self-motivation and initiative
Passion for problem-solving from generating insightful questions to research through presentation of results and follow on steps
Excellent team, motivational and interpersonal skills a must
Bonus
Experience with staffing and team building
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About Big Huge Games:

Big Huge Games is a small, passionate team led by experienced game development veterans, proudly located just north of Baltimore, MD, who are excited about the rise of touchscreen platforms. We believe in hiring talented team members who enjoy working in a fun and positive environment.

The company was founded in March of 2013 by Brian Reynolds (Civilization II, Rise of Nations, FrontierVille) and a group of longtime collaborators. Big Huge Games is dedicated to ""Finding The Fun"" through rapid prototyping and a focus on great user experience.

In July 2015 we launched our first game, DomiNations, which was awarded “Editors Choice” in the app store and continues to be successful with audiences across the globe. In 2016 we were acquired by our publisher, Nexon, and now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary, allowing us the stability of a larger studio but the feel of a smaller, indie game team.

Our goals are simple: Make great games, strive to always be improving, and live up to the motto you gotta have fun to make fun.

This a full-time position onsite at our studio in Timonium, MD.
Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID19 positions will begin remote before transitioning to onsite.

Applicants should download DomiNations on iOS or Android and be prepared to discuss the game.",4.9,"Big Huge Games
4.9","Timonium, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
85,"Data Analyst or Sr. Data Analyst, Operations Analytics",$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Who we are:

Steelcase was founded as an office furniture maker, and we've evolved into the global leader in workplace solutions. We apply our insights to the intersection of space, technology, and furniture, helping individuals and teams in leading companies around the world to have a better day at work.

We pursue innovation, strive for sustainability and develop insights in every part of our business.

Why people choose to work with us:

Let's start with the cool workspace—after all, that's our business. But that's just one of the ways we help people like you do their best work. We encourage curiosity and critical thinking, we embrace wellbeing in its broadest sense and we provide coaching and inspiration at every step of your career journey.

About the Operations Analytics team

Operations Analytics is a new team at Steelcase created to support the specific analytics needs of various Operations functions like Quality, Distribution, Engineering, Procurement, etc. It is a cross-functional team which combines analytical capabilities with dedicated subject matter expertise sourced from Operations functions and the data engineering capabilities of our IT function. We work on operations problems which require data processing and analysis to improve business outcomes such as predictive maintenance, yield optimization problems, analytics supported decision making, or operations related customer satisfaction projects.

What you will do

As an analyst in the Operations Analytics team you will play a fundamental role in the projects we undertake. For some projects you will be expected to guide a project from initial scoping all the way to the deployment into production of the solution created. For other projects you will serve as an internal analytics consultant and get involved at specific stages of the project when the work is sufficiently advanced. Throughout every project you will work closely with the subject matter experts embedded in the team, our data engineers, and related functions like the Advanced Analytics team to develop solutions that improve business outcomes in a dramatic way. As part of the role you will be expected to:
Work with subject matter experts to clearly scope projects and thoroughly understand the context and data available to address the problem at hand.
Support and when needed direct data wrangling efforts to ensure data is accurate and actionable.
Test and select the various analytical approaches appropriate to a given problem type.
Create and fine-tune the models we use to achieve the desired business outcomes (whether it’s a predictive or prescriptive model, or simply an explanation of the results of an analysis).
Pilot the deployment of analytics products into various operations functions and fine-tune models and approaches based on feedback and pilot data.
Help and guide the implementation of solutions into production environments. This includes deployment from a software point of view as well as practical deployment into our physical manufacturing plants and distribution centers (i.e. making sure the right information reaches the appropriate decision-makers at the right time).
Support ongoing efforts to fine tune analytics products even after deployment into production.
In this role you will have a chance to learn from and be mentored by experienced data scientists across the various analytics teams at Steelcase, and to gain first-hand experience solving real-world operations analytics problems from start to finish.
Occasional travel may be required but will likely be less than 10% of your time.


What you bring

The ideal candidate for this position is a quick-learner who is able to adapt to a variety of problems and approaches. You will undoubtedly encounter problems which you are not familiar with and which call for approaches or models you might have not used before. Although a base of technical proficiency is required, more important than any specific knowledge you may bring, is your ability to learn what you need to know quickly.

No operations experience is needed, but a curious mindset will be important to be successful. We are looking for an overall analytics athlete with the right attitude and a desire to work on real-world analytics projects with all the messiness they entail. For all candidates we are looking for the following attributes:
Technical proficiency – We generally work with common packages in Python or R. Some experience with these tools will be required. Familiarity with basic analytical techniques (e.g. regressions, decisions trees, Bayes classifiers, time series forecasting, clustering, etc.) will also be needed. You will need to help figure out what statistical approach yields the best results for a given problem, and fine-tune the parameters of the models we develop. Any applicable domain specific knowledge you might bring (e.g. machine learning) is a plus, but not required. You don’t need to be familiar with any specific data infrastructure tools we use at Steelcase, we expect you to pick-up those skills as needed.
Adaptable and ownership mindset – Real-world analytics is messy. Be prepared to try and discard multiple approaches to a problem in quick succession. The ability to adapt to the changing nature of the problems we tackle as our understanding of them evolves will be key to your success. A strong sense of ownership over the business outcomes we are trying to achieve will serve you well in this role and beyond.
Business Problem Solving – The data science is only half the battle. Successful analytics efforts start with robust business problem solving. Projects don’t start with a well-defined data set and target variable; they get there by applying good problem solving to abstract business problems that need to be defined, broken down into components, iterated upon, and eventually analyzed. Your ability to translate a business problem into a data science problem that directly impacts the desired outcomes will be a critical tool in your toolkit.
Communication – You will regularly communicate the progress and results of a project to a variety of stakeholders, including senior operations leaders. Your ability to create and deliver effective presentations and documents which clearly and succinctly summarize complex ideas and approaches in broadly accessible language will be key to ensure that a project progresses from a robust model to an implemented solution.
People development – At Steelcase finding and developing the best talent is a priority. You will participate in various professional development activities alongside our other analytics functions. In turn you will be expected to also invest in developing the capabilities of our organization and in particular the subject matter experts that are part of this team. If you enjoy learning and teaching analytics you will likely enjoy this role.


Preferred Experience

To be successful in this role you will likely have some academic and professional experience that develops this skillset. We will consider candidates with profiles that are suitable for either a Data Analyst role or Sr. Data Analyst roles depending on your level of experience. Regardless of which role best describes your experience we will look for the following:
Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Predictive Analytics, Economics, Operations Research or other related technical field is highly preferred; advanced degree and 2+ year of professional experience generally desired for Sr. Analyst roles
Some applied experience with statistical analyses, forecasting, predictive and prescriptive modeling techniques whether that is through internships, full-time work experience or even personal projects
Experience with a range of data science techniques to extract, transform, harmonize and prepare large-scale data sets for modeling
Expertise writing customized code in common data science languages such as R, Python, or other
Experience with visual storytelling. Knowledge of common visualization platforms (we generally use Tableau or Power BI) is a bonus but not required
Operations or industry exposure is not necessary but an ability to quickly move up the learning curve will be key
We are proud to have a diverse and inclusive workforce, and we're always looking to get better. We value applicants who are comfortable interacting with people different than themselves. Women, people of any race or national origin, lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people, veterans, working mothers and fathers, and everyone else are all invited to apply.

We seek to find the best person to fill this role and will not discriminate based on race, color, creed, genetic information, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by law.",4.2,"Steelcase
4.2","Grand Rapids, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1912,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
86,Data Science Support Analyst (Journeyman),$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Job Description BAE Systems is seeking to hire multiple Journeyman Data Science Support Analysts to help support counterterrorism intelligence integration on a multifaceted U.S. Government program. The Journeyman Data Science Support Analyst will leverage numerous analytic tools and databases to evaluate information that bolsters the U.S. Governments response to and prevention of potential threats to the homeland and interests abroad.

The Journeyman Data Science Support Analyst is responsible for constructing scripts and configuring controls to support analysts performing repeatable complex database queries in multiple databases. This role is responsible for creating automated-scripting to assist analysts with data discovery. Responsibilities include working independently and collaboratively to identify and implement solutions.

PF1Required Skills and Education
Degree : BA/BS in a technical field such as mathematics, engineering, or computer science (6 years of work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree)
Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Excellent reading comprehension skills
Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables
Ability to work with IC tools and databases
Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs
Ability to work shift work/extended hours
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment
Preferred Skills and Education
Demonstrated knowledge of intelligence analysis and experience with synthesizing large amounts of data
Familiarity with analytic tools; experience with constructing and performing complex database search queries across multiple databases
Proficiency with software applications/databases used in support of research and analysis for the U.S. Government
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.",3.7,"BAE Systems USA
3.7","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
87,Data and Policy Analyst - Writer/Coordinator,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Job Description

At Acumen, LLC / The SPHERE Institute, Data and Policy Analysts provide analytical support for research and consulting projects for government and private clients, primarily in the area of health policy. This position is responsible for managing and analyzing data, researching and interpreting policy, and communicating findings to multiple audiences.

Data and Policy Analysts perform a wide array of functions as part of the research process. Those applicants interested in focusing on writing/coordinating will help create and report descriptive statistics, conduct literature searches, independent research and summarize findings, coordinate project activities and communications among diverse groups of internal and external clients and team members, interpret study specifications, research findings and quantitative analyses for relevant audiences, prepare project reports, memos, presentations and proposals, deliver technical assistance and presenting findings to clients, and perform other duties as assigned.

Required Skills

As we review your materials, we are looking for candidates who best exemplify the following qualifications:

Qualifications Required
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative, public policy, or related field or equivalent relevant experience
Good quantitative analytical skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Good organizational skills and strong attention to detail
Familiar with one or more of the following technical competencies: statistics programming, policy writing, research methods documentation, or project management
Able to demonstrate initiative, critical thinking, and problem-solving
Able to work in a team-oriented environment
Able to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated aptitude and enthusiasm for learning
Qualifications Desired
Demonstrated interest in health and social policy
Any application without a cover letter will not be considered. Transcripts and writing samples are not required, however highly preferred and may be requested. We ask that you submit an application for only one office location. We are excited to review your application and look forward to seeing how you may best contribute to our work.

Job Location

Burlingame, California, United States

Position Type

Full-Time/Regular",3.4,"Acumen
3.4","Burlingame, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
88,Jr. Business Data Analyst (position added 9/10/2020),$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Fall 2020 Update from WebFX: We're still actively hiring and conducting interviews via video conferencing

Hi there! We're WebFX, a full-service digital marketing agency based in the US. We've been named the Best Place To Work in Pennsylvania 5 times in a row and we'd love to meet you. We're looking for people to join our mission to provide world-class digital marketing solutions to mid-size businesses around the world. We get super excited about driving business growth for our clients and are looking for people who take pride in their marketing work and enjoy having a little fun at the same time.

What We're Looking For

Desired Education
Bachelor's Degree in Marketing, Advertising, Business, Business Information System, Management of Information Systems, or Statistics (GPA above a 3.4)

General Knowledge
Solid understanding of interpreting business analytics
Strong data analysis skills
Solid Understanding of the Internet

Experience
Should have customer service experience in any industry
Part time/summer job/internship experience is a must
Basic HTML or data manipulation software experience (a plus)
Experience with Google Analytics (a plus)

Qualities
Stays up to date on new changes to the web and actively reads several blogs
Professional, dependable, solid work ethic
Solid analytical skills and ability to make decisions based on data
Passion for research and deep-diving into business analytics
Excellent time/project management skills
Approaches problem solving proactively and in a professional manner
Creative problem solving abilities
Detail-Oriented
Self-motivated
Ability to meet deadlines

What You'll Do

Responsibilities
Gather and analyze campaign data
Consult with clients about their business goals and propose solutions and strategies that meet their needs
Analyze competitors’ websites and online marketing initiatives
Perform industry analysis and forecasting of trends
Interpret web analytics, demographic data, market research, and buyer behaviors
Optimizing client websites for search engines (on-page SEO)
Create and manage all aspects of SEO, PPC, and paid search ad campaigns for clients
Manage email marketing, website analysis and online advertising programs
Prepare monthly digital marketing campaign reports
Correct technical issues on the backend of website
Perform A/B, website usability, and website conversion rate testing
Responsible for driving client success on the web

Percentage Breakdown
5% analyzing clients’ competitors
10% writing ad copy, emails, etc.
10% working in the backend of websites/fixing technical issues
10% creating revenue, ROI and traffic reports for client campaigns
10% managing client projects and ad campaigns
15% performing industry, demographic and market research, and trend forecasting
20% client strategy and analytics
20% client interaction- phone calls, emails, in-person meetings
Note: The Jr. Business Data Analyst is a client-facing position

Training
Our “Bootcamp” web marketing training program will be provided for new WebFX “family members”.
On-site, state-of-the-art training amenities to facilitate departmental trainings, trend watch reports, and monthly Lunch-and-Learns

What You'll Get

Opportunities for Growth
WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years, and merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant for new family members who meet or exceed position performance metrics.

Potential Promotional Path for Jr. Business Data Analyst:
Digital Marketing Research Consultant
Director of Digital Marketing
Sr. Digital Marketing Research Consultant

Compensation
$36,500 to $39,500 (potentially higher based on work experience)
Potential additional bonus may be offered for GPA's of 3.8+
Potential additional bonus may be offered for attending an elite college or university & graduate with high honors

Candidates interested in the Jr. Business Data Analyst position may also have interest in:
Digital marketing, online marketing, paid advertising, search marketing, inbound marketing, web marketing, content marketing, PPC, SEO, SEM, blogging, writing, editing, research, communications, entry level positions, etc.
WebFX Perks & Benefits
Flexible Schedule
Pet Friendly Office
Profit Sharing
Little Amps Coffee & Tea Bar
Yoga
On-site Fitness Center
150% Company Match Of Personal Charity Donations
Supplemental Insurance
IRA With Company Matching
Generous Paid Time Off
Employee Wellness Program
FXLearns Library
Activity Groups
Humanitarian Trips
Health/Vision/Dental Coverage
New Parent Support
Casual Dress Code
Home Buyer Program
Personal Desk Fund
Green Commute Benefits
Pawternity Leave",4.7,"webfx.com
4.7","Harrisburg, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
89,Journeyman Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Position Description


Dynetics, a wholly owned subsidiary of Leidos, is seeking a talented Data Analyst to join a diverse team to create unique solutions for complex problems related to Test and Evaluation of Aircraft Survivability Equipment. With offices across the United States engaging in the defense, space, cyber and commercial fields, Dynetics provides responsive, cost effective engineering, scientific and IT solutions.

This position provides data analysis and testing support for Electro-Optical/Infrared (EO/IR) sensors, Infrared Countermeasures (IRCM), and other threat warning equipment on aircraft and/or ground platforms for the PMO Aircraft Survivability Equipment (ASE) in order to improve the survivability of US aircraft and soldiers by fielding new ASE products.

This candidate will analyze system data and performance and utilize statistical tools to inform decision makers on product effectiveness during on-site field testing. The candidate will then perform deep-dive analysis of gathered test data, develop an in-depth post-test mission analysis briefing, and write a final report. In addition to these main tasks, the candidate will learn to support pre-test mission planning such as writing test plans, developing test matrices, and participating in test readiness reviews.

Travel in support of field test planning and execution will be part of the normal work rhythm in this position. Candidate will develop data gathering and analysis tools using MATLAB and new candidates will be mentored on this process during until they become independent.

IND3
Basic Qualifications


A Bachelor's degree from an ABET accredited college in Engineering, Science, or related technical discipline is required with work at least three (3) years of relevant work experience.

Candidate must have exhibited strong academic performance in math, have an interest in statistical analysis, have experience developing software tools, have demonstrated a propensity for attention to detail, and must be able to work well within a large, dynamic, and diverse team.

Candidates must be able to convey:
An ability to understand data analysis requirements and develop plans to meet those requirements
Solid people and communication skills
Maturity required to work with minimal guidance
Capable and comfortable presenting results to a large audience
Demonstrated performance of MATLAB or related programming coursework and/or skills
Demonstrate understanding of complex technical equipment
Candidate must be a resident of the North Alabama area or willing to relocate to the Huntsville - North Alabama, AL area.

Other Qualifications


Candidate must have an active security clearance.

Preference will be given to candidates with an engineering degree and at least 5 years of work experience or a graduate degree.

Product or system test and/or data analysis experience is desired.

Statistical and/or Design of Experiments (DOE) coursework or experience is preferred.

Security Requirements


Candidate must be a US Citizen and possess (as well as maintain) a Final Secret Clearance.
Job Number:
01.02.03-292

Closing Date:
09/30/2020

#CJ

#LI",4.1,"Dynetics
4.1","Huntsville, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
90,Data Analyst,$65k-$79k (Employer Est.),"Company Overview:
Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals comprised of nationally-renowned educators, curriculum experts, developers, artists, writers, designers, engineers, producers, product managers, analysts and marketing experts! Together we develop engaging, effective digital learning technology and content to help children build a strong academic foundation for lifelong success.
Our flagship product ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy® is a comprehensive online curriculum and the #1 digital learning product for young children. To-date, more than 30 million children worldwide have completed over 7 billion Learning Activities on ABCmouse. We recently launched Adventure Academy, the first massively multiplayer online (MMO) game designed specifically to help elementary- and middle-school-aged children learn. It features thousands of engaging Learning Activities—including minigames, books, original animated and live action series, and more—in a fun and safe virtual world. Other Age of Learning programs include immersive English language learning products for children in China and Japan; ReadingIQ, a digital library and literacy platform; and a groundbreaking personalized, adaptive digital learning system that individualizes math instruction for every child through AI-driven technology.

We are committed to helping all children succeed. We provide our educational programs at no cost to teachers, Head Start programs, public libraries, and other community organizations, and have served millions of children through these initiatives. We recently established the Age of Learning Foundation to expand this work globally.
As we expand our global reach and increase the educational impact of our programs, we’re looking for passionate, ambitious, and collaborative leaders to become a part of our growing team.


Summary:
We are seeking a strong, highly-motivated, results-oriented Data Analyst to help conduct in-depth analyses and derive relevant insights. You will be an integral part of a newly-formed central analytics team and your work will influence business operations and strategy throughout the company.
Responsibilities:
Partner closely with stakeholders from a variety of teams, including the executive team, curriculum, brand marketing, partnerships, strategy and customer success, to surface insights and learnings that solve key business challenges
Create, report and interpret key metrics to assess performance, measure the impact of strategic initiatives, and identify ways to grow revenue and reduce costs
Support A/B and multivariate testing of user behavior to inform media tactics, audience acquisition and targeting, churn, lifetime value, product and content recommendations and personalized experiences
Create beautiful and informative automated/real-time dashboards and visualizations
Identify actionable insights that positively affect both company revenue and learning outcomes for children
Drive data capture and data integrity requirements while partnering with other teams so that the right data is captured
Maintain vigilant eye on data quality
Communicate results to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Required Qualifications:
At least 2 years in an analytical/product focused role, preferably from a digital environment
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field; or two to four years related experience and/or training
Must be able to understand and analyze data, synthesizing large volumes of data and complex questions into clear analyses and actionable findings.
Strong analytical reporting skills and visualization skills
Knowledge of statistic, including hypothesis testing, distributions and correlation and regression analysis
Proficient in SQL and at least one visualization tool, preferably Tableau
Collaborative problem-solving skills with an entrepreneurial attitude and results-oriented mind set
Ability to identify edge cases and solve practical problems
Hard-working, curious, motivated team-payer who is passionate about data
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with testing and optimization a plus, ideally in a digital environment
Experience in games or education a plus
We Provide:
Medical, Dental, Vision + 401k
Highly competitive PTO policy
Casual Dress Code
Snacks + Drinks (Coca Cola Freestyle Machine)
Gaming room including an Arcade (2,000+ games)
Frequent team and company outings
Limitless opportunities for professional growth!",3.2,"Age of Learning
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
91,Senior Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Mission
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.

Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category, and that’s just the beginning. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution, and other things we haven’t even dreamt up yet. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living at a societal level. But the key to us being successful in our mission isn’t just about nailing the technology—it’s about hiring the talented people who can help us make a quantifiable impact in the world. We’re growing our world-class team.
And that’s where you come in.

The Role
The Senior Data Analyst will work with teams (product, marketing, engineering, data science, CX and business owners, etc.) to measure, understand, and monitor key business metrics across our mobile apps and websites. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working with datasets across a variety of systems (SQL, Firebase,...).
This role will be responsible in delivering ad-hoc analysis with actionable insights and translating stakeholders’ priorities into dashboards. As an early member of the analytics team, you’ll have many opportunities to make a meaningful impact by helping develop how we do analytics as a company.

All applicants for this job posting must complete the simple challenge.
Must have:
Previous experience(s) in an early stage startup in an analytics role. Not everything has been built yet and data is often messy or incomplete. This role is just as much of doing the difficult work to design the core system as it is in getting reliable analytics results.

Skills and Experience:

Degree in quantitative or business fields preferred
Prior experience in a consumer organization is a plus
Web and mobile analytics experience using a variety of tools
Proficiency with Firebase and/or Google Analytics
Experience using SQL
Python experience is a great plus
Experience with web and mobile tagging, including tag management system (GTM, DTM,...)Ability to build and manage dashboarding tools (Data Studio, Redash, Tableau,...)
Strong analytical skills
Team player
Highly organized, attention to detail and curious

Salary & Benefits:

Salary: We invest in first-rate people and pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of vacation + six weeks of parental leave, and great work-life balance. Our office building offers on-site shower and bike stalls, and panoramic views of San Francisco.
Location: Due to COVID-19 our teams are all working remotely through 2020. We provide an in-home office set-up including laptop, monitor, ergonomic desk, chair and other items as needed
Location: Post COVID-19: San Francisco, CA near Montgomery Bart Station
BlueOwl, LLC is an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf",4.5,"Blue Owl
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
92,Data Analytics Engineer-Business Intelligence Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Analytics Engineer-Clinical Services
Summa Health System
Full-time, w/benefits

Summa Health System is recognized as one of the region’s top employers by a number of third party organizations, including NorthCoast 99. Exceptional candidates gravitate to Summa because of its culture, passion for delivering excellent service to our patients and families commitment to our philosophy of servant leadership, collegial working relationships at every level of the organization and competitive pay and benefits.
Summary:
Works with a team of technologists (Data Engineers and Visualization Engineers) to deliver insights across various aspects of Summa Health’s operational, financial, and clinical activities with the goal of leveraging data to drive and realize the full potential of the organization’s programs.

Minimum Qualifications:
Formal Education Required:
-Bachelor’s degree in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, or related discipline
Experience & Training Required:
-Five (5) years of experience in a previous analytics role in healthcare domain involving healthcare data analysis to optimize business operations
-Knowledgeable about the workings of integrated healthcare systems, health plan, research, and community programs
-Experience in analyzing healthcare data using statistical methods to optimize business operations and communicating their findings using data visualization and detailed reports

Other Skills, Competencies and Qualifications:
-Analytical mindset with good problem-solving skills
-Excellent written and verbal communication skills
-Acumen for analytics needs of an integrated health system how to use data to achieve those needs.
-Ability to effectively interact with populations of patients/customers with an understanding of their needs for self-respect and dignity
-Ability to summarize results and develop effective business presentations.
-Ability to interact with populations both technical and non-technical, with an understanding of their needs for self-respect and dignity
-Strong, critical thinker with ability to extend knowledge of information systems and applications to business processes and to cross team collaboration. Ability to explain complex, technical concepts to lay audiences and non-IT staff.
-Basic knowledge of data warehousing, data marts
-Experience with one or more Summa application platforms is desirable including Soarian Financials, DSS, HQ/HI, Epic/CarePATH and tools (RWB, Clarity, Caboodle, Radar, SlicerDicer, Registries), CostFlex, e-ClinicalWorks, GE Centricity, Lawson, Pentaho, SAS, Tableau.

1. Work with senior leaders within a line of business and across the enterprise to establish a measurement plan focused on outcomes
2. Work as a data strategist to identify and integrate datasets, data components, and attributes from various information systems to leverage information for business programs and objectives
3. Communicate, advise senior leaders about utilizing all relevant data, including clinical, operational, exposome, social determinate, economic and financial, to drive programmatic growth and achieve strategic outcomes
4. Gather baseline data information to understand current state and improvement opportunity
5. Identify data requirements based on analytical processes to measure the outcomes
6. Conduct descriptive/statistical analysis of the data set to validate hypothesis
7. Define the business requirements / specifications and user interface (Wireframes and Mockups)
8. Work with other members of CoE to develop mission control dashboards that measures the timely performance to outcome
9. Validate, deploy mission control dashboards
10. Educate Mission end users and advocate adoption of analytical tools
11. Support rolling out new insights, which are a result of discovery and exploratory exercises conducted, by citizen data analysts / scientists.
12. Ensuring that mission control insights remain relevant to achieving the desired outcome
13. Confirming that stakeholders are utilizing mission control in pursuit of that outcome
14. Surfacing new insights to drive continuous improvement
15. Communicate findings to stakeholders; implement improvement efforts as needed.

Level of Physical Demands:
Light: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to ten pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force continuously.
#LI-AV1",3.6,"Summa Health System
3.6","Akron, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1926,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
93,Data/Reporting/Program Integration Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data/Program Integration Analyst is responsible for the development, testing, deployments and ongoing maintenance of critical custom business applications. The critical custom business applications include Process Flow, Data, Reporting, and system security. The Analyst will be work with all business personnel to develop, improve, troubleshoot, and maintain the tools required for each business entity, including Sales, Call Center, and Processing. The Analyst will work with third-party software developers and be responsible for communication between the business entities and the software developers. The The analyst must be experienced in Web-based Client/Server applications, Databases, Websites, Mobile Apps, and Security, including PCI Compliance. The Analyst must be able to thrive in a quickly changing environment by having the ability to multi-task and manage projects and issues with limited or no supervision.
Principle Responsibilities*
Application Support
Support existing applications providing enhancements, updates, and problem management
Resolve support issues using best-practices and providing documentation to senior staff and third-party developers
Provide consultation and analysis for business process flow, and recommend alternate solutions and/or enhancements to meet current and future needs
Work with team members, directly, to gather information on process flow enhancements, support issues, and future development and create documentation for senior staff members and third-party developers.
Act as a liaison between internal departments and Information Technology vendors.
Develop, maintain, and troubleshoot current reporting using Microsoft Excel, and/or MS Access or other analytics tools
Work with and support Application Programming Interface (API) integration with customers and vendors
Train staff on new application enhancements and follow up to ensure goals and objectives have been achieved
Project Management
Assist in the design, testing, and implementation of process enhancements and identify opportunities for automation
Assist and manage third-party developers with documented and approved project plans
Provide Cost/Benefit analysis for new application development and application enhancements for existing applications
Work with customers, vendors, and third party programmers to develop and integrate API's both internally and externally
Work on and manage large and small projects simultaneously
Business Process Analysis/Reporting
Identify and perform root-cause analysis of data irregularities and present findings and proposed solutions to leadership and or Customers
Apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers
Communicate and present data-driven insights and recommendations to both internal and external stakeholders, soliciting and incorporating feedback when required
The analyst will collaborate with key corporate and business partners for the purpose of identifying and delivering robust reporting and analytics capabilities to drive improved business performance
Understand PCI Compliance process and manage periodical system vulnerability scans and Self-Assessment Questionnaires.
Additional Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required for Systems Support and Development Role
Two+ years of experience working with large data, data verification, data management
Minimum of 2 years experience with project management, vendor relationships and business processes
Minimum of 2 years experience with developing reports using custom or standard reporting tools
Minimum of 2 years experience with application support and problem management
Minimum of 2 years knowledge/experience with front-end web technologies, mobile applications
Minimum of 2 years knowledge/experience with application development environments such as PHP, .NET framework, and Java
Knowledge of SQL, Crystal Reports or another Reporting tool a plus

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $26.00 - $32.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
To keep our employees safe, we have instituted health surveys and temperature checks each day. The company provides masks and hand sanitizers.

Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,LVD Concepts/OneSource Solutions,"Saint Ann, MO",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
94,Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Please do not apply through Indeed.*
The only way you will be considered is if you follow the link at the bottom of the page and take a very short quiz.*
What are we looking for?*
We are looking for a technically savvy database-oriented Analyst with *good people skills* and the ability to pick up new business concepts and technologies.
The ideal candidate will possess: *
At least 4 years of experience.
A strong to very strong working knowledge of SQL and Python.
An ability to write and troubleshoot complex SQL procedures.
The desire to understand business events through data.
An understanding of Data Warehousing and ETL techniques.
High level understanding in at least one scripting language such as Ruby, Shell, Python.
An interest in learning large data set processing with MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig/etc.
Linux skills are a plus.
Good client relations skills strongly preferred.
Who are we?*
Raybeam, Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, Disney, One Kings Lane, Beachbody and Hilton Worldwide.
What do we do?*
We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients.
What do you get from working for Raybeam?*
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz.*
http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign\_in

Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship and we will only consider local candidates.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to COVID, all employees are currently working remotely. When it is safe to do so, we will return to the office.

Experience:
analyst: 4 years (Required)
Location:
Newburyport, MA 01950 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.raybeam.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/RaybeamInc/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.7,"Raybeam, Inc.
4.7","Newburyport, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
95,Lead Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary

FGL Holdings—the F&G family of insurance companies—is committed to helping Americans prepare for and live comfortably in their retirement. Through its subsidiaries, F&G is a leading provider of annuity and life insurance products. For nearly 60 years, we have offered annuity and life insurance products to those who are seeking safety, protection and income solutions to meet their needs.

At F&G, we believe our culture is what makes our company great. In 2019, we received a Top Workplace award, which we credit to our employees' shared cultural values: Collaborative, Authentic, Dynamic and Empowered. We believe that by embracing these values, we will continue to build and strengthen the company, while being a great place to work. We recruit talented and committed individuals to join our team, and we provide opportunities for personal and professional growth.

The Lead Data Analyst will be responsible for performing data analysis for the Information Technology department as well as supporting the assigned projects for business clients of Information Technology. As a senior team member, the Lead Data Analyst will assume lead roles in data design and data modeling, oversee the work of other less experienced data analysts, and participate in the strategic planning around future development of the F&G data environment.

Organization

This position reports directly to the Manager, Data Analysis and Integration and has significant interaction with members of the IT organization, Third Party Administrators, group managers, and departmental analysts throughout the organization. In addition, interaction with the PMO (for prioritization and reporting) and related management (owners of the business interface function) will be critical and ongoing.

Duties and Responsibilities

Data Analysis

Directs interaction with the business leaders, developers, DBA team and end-user to gain a thorough understanding of the data being requested
Provides effort estimates for analysis and design of data interfaces
Maps requested data fields from Third Party Systems to F&G data structures and/or provides oversight and guidance of other Data Analysts performing the task
Creates data field conversions from Third Party systems to F&G definitions or provides oversight and guidance to other Data Analysts assigned to perform the task
Manages complex TPA Data Changes from inception to production and/or leads other Data Analysts performing the task
Documents Data requirements and effectively communicate them to the Development teams
Creates and refines documentation templates to support the SDLC process improvements
Works directly with the Third-Party data staff to develop the requested data interfaces
Tests the data received from the Third-Party systems for accuracy of format and conversion definitions or providing oversight and guidance of other assigned Data Analysts performing the task
Leads complex data efforts for all data related production support incidents
Works independently with minimal direction
Participates in hiring of new data analysts and assists with their on-boarding and training
Mentors and oversees the work of other Data Analysts to ensure that they are meeting their deliverables

Report Design

Responsible for the collection, analysis, interpretation and summarization of data in the generation of reports for end-users
Designs and or develops database objects (databases, tables, stored procedures, database functions) to support the collection, tracking and reporting of business data
Designs, develops and supports reporting tools that utilize advanced features in MS Excel and MS Access (i.e. VBA, macros)
Works with Developers to automate reports, processes and tests results

Data Consultation

Acts in a consultative position for answering questions about the available data and the data that it is possible to capture from the Third-Party systems
Provides support for miscellaneous data projects

Data Governance

Works with the data team to maintain current and accurate Data Classifications
Participates in Data Steward Council meetings and activities
Supports data needs and questions of Data Stewards
Participates in all Data Quality initiatives

Experience and Education Requirements

Required

Bachelor's degree (preferred emphasis in computer science or MIS) or equivalent combination of education and experience
8+ years of experience
Experience with Life and Annuity insurance systems
5+ years of experience with SQL Server 2000 or higher
5+ years of experience developing logical and physical data models
Thorough understanding of the software development life cycle (SDLC)
Excellent/proven troubleshooting and problem resolution skills
Experience with SQL query tools such as Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio or Toad
Experience in working with Data Governance policies and procedures
Experience in creating data marts and other data warehousing practices

Preferred Requirements

Experience leading a team
Experience implementing and/or working with metadata
Experience working with Informatica IDQ or similar data quality tools
Experience working with XML files for data integration
Experience with database design/modeling tools such as Erwin
Experience with Microsoft Visio
Experience with Tableau

Skills and Abilities

Knowledge of Big Data and Master Data Management
Knowledge of data integrity protocols and security requirements and techniques
Strong technical documentation skills
Strong time management and organizational skills to enable productivity in a fast-paced, dynamic development environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work effectively in team-based development projects
Excellent interpersonal skills.

Physical Demands and Work Environment

Must be able to work in a fast-paced team environment and handle multiple projects and assignments under tight deadlines
Must demonstrate willingness to work flexible hours as needed to accommodate business needs and deliverables
Must be able to sit in front of a computer for extended periods of time

#INDHP

#LI-JS1",3.8,"Fidelity & Guaranty Life
3.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
96,Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"We currently have a new opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Accounting/Finance/Business Intelligence team. This position will work with data generated by a variety of credit union systems to create, validate, and generate business reports that management will use in decision making. This position will coordinate with various business areas to envision and develop report specifications, track the request pipeline and delivery metrics, suggest system enhancements, and create documentation.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Build and maintain queries, dashboards, and reports.
Respond to day to day custom requests for data and reports.
Perform ad hoc data requests and analysis as needed.
Extract data from various systems.
Analyze results of data reports for anomalies, accuracy, and applicability to business unit requests.
Maintain and develop data dictionaries and documentation of deliverables. Actively participate in data quality related tasks.
Identify patterns and trends in data sets.
Provide recommendations and interpretations of data and information.
Assist with application used for workflow and cross sales program.

Desired Skills and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in a business, computer, or data science preferred. MBA a plus.
Four years of experience working in database environments designing reports and working with extracts.
Excellent analytical skills with experience managing large amounts of data from various sources.
Experience combining, analyzing and presenting data in a clear manner.
Working knowledge of SQL preferred. Experience with Oracle databases a plus.
Proficient use of Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and SQL databases.
Exposure to core banking systems a plus.
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to interact with all levels of end users and technical resources.
Self-motivated with the ability to react to change, feedback and critique quickly and positively.
Strong attention to detail.
Open and collaborative style, comfortable working in an environment where ideas are shared and challenged.
Ability to conceptualize and implement items in a changing environment.

Fox Communities Credit Union is a $2 billion in assets community-based credit union servicing over 104,000 members at 23 locations. We take pride in being a progressive, member-owned, full service financial institution dedicated to serving the community.

Fox Communities Credit Union believes our employees are our most important asset. We offer a great team environment, competitive salary and an excellent benefit package which includes, medical, dental, vision, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance, 401k (Roth and Traditional), which includes company contributions including match, and paid time off! As part of our commitment to the communities we serve we also offer all employee’s Paid Volunteer Time Off! If you are enthusiastic about a rewarding career with a successful & growing credit union, apply now!

Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities.",3.9,"Fox Communities Credit Union
3.9","Appleton, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1953,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
97,Data Visualization Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB DESCRIPTION

THE TEAM YOU WILL BE JOINING:

Highly innovative manufacturing/distribution company with revenues in excess of $5B annually
Industry leading market influencer experiencing strong growth, both organically and inorganically
Forward thinking organization committed to investing in cutting edge technology and resources to support growth

WHAT THEY OFFER YOU:

New Executive Leadership that is highly engaged offering both experience and knowledge, VERY collaborative work environment
See your impact on the business – a great opportunity to contribute at both strategic and tactical levels during a period of exciting change for the company
Dynamic employees with great morale, low turnover while offering growth opportunities
Excellent benefits and work environment

WHY THIS ROLE IS IMPORTANT:

Business leans on this person to create data visualizations in order to present to different lines of business
Act as a statistical translator for all business needs.
Be able to translate statistical data in ways that are useful for both subject matter experts as well as business stakeholders.
Use relational databases and SQL to access and manipulate data.
Strong use of PowerBI to produce an extensive variety of graphs and charts to present.

THE BACKGROUND THAT FITS:

2+ years of experience working with PowerBI (expert knowledge needed)
5 years of hands on experience in visualization, data modeling and analytics
5 years of business experience with exposure to strategy formulation and business analytics.
Proficient in Python
Strong SQL skills to pull data from database
The ability to look at data as it’s being pulled or when it is visualized and have the ability to think creatively as to what that data means",2.6,"AccruePartners
2.6","Huntersville, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
98,Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:

Develop, implement, and maintain leading-edge analytic systems, taking complicated problems and building simple frameworks
Identify trends and opportunities for growth through analysis of complex data sets
Evaluate organizational methods and provide source-to-target mappings and information-model specification documents for data sets
Create best-practice reports based on data mining, analysis, and visualization
Evaluate internal systems for efficiency, problems, and inaccuracies, developing and maintaining protocols for handling, processing, and cleaning data
Work directly with management and users to gather requirements, provide status updates, and build relationships
Work closely with project managers to understand and maintain focus on their analytical needs, including identifying critical metrics and KPIs, and deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity
Create and maintain rich interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Define and implement data and integration logic, selecting appropriate combination of methods and tools within defined technology stack to ensure optimal scalability and performance of the solution
Develop and maintain databases by acquiring data from primary and secondary sources, and build scripts that will make our data evaluation process more flexible or scalable across data sets (1.) Suggest design solutions (2.) To participate and facilitate the walkthrough’ to brief the Functional Specification mapping to Business Requirements. (3.) To prepare the functional specification document and ensure for completeness and storage. (4.) To prepare and / or aid the preparation of test cases in line with functional requirements (5.) To understand the business requirements and map it to functional specifications.

Required Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in a related field and 2 years’ experience in Business Intelligence (BI) or Data Warehouses and 2 years’ experience working with SQL and Access. Four additional years of related experience will be considered in lieu of a Bachelor's degree.
5 years experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modeling (regression, correlation, clustering, etc.).
4 year of experience consulting or experience in a similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery.
3 years experience using analytics tools and languages R, Python, SAS, Oracle and SQL etc.
3 years experience combining data sets, extracting key variables, and creating new variables to enhance modeling.
3 years experience performing basic ETL functions and understanding of data quality steps/measures.
US Citizen; no dual citizenship.
Minimum of a Secret Interim clearance to start (Day 1 requirement).
CompTIA Security+ certification required to start (Day 1 requirement).
Adept at using Access, Excel, Power Point and Word.
General Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence knowledge including data modeling and Key Performance Indicators (PKIs) preferably in the SAP Business Objects environment.
AWS experience highly desired

#ind#

CDO is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"CDO Technologies Inc
3.3","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
99,"Data Analyst, Facilities Engineering Systems",$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Improving the health of our community in all we do

Northeast Georgia Health System (NGHS) is a non-profit community health system on a mission of improving the health of our community in all we do. Our team cares for more than 1 million people across the region through four hospitals and a variety of outpatient locations. Northeast Georgia Medical Center (NGMC) has campuses in Gainesville, Braselton, Winder and Dahlonega – with a total of more than 700 beds and more than 1,100 medical staff members representing more than 50 specialties. NGHS also encompasses Northeast Georgia Physicians Group, a multi-specialty group with more than 65 locations, and The Heart Center of Northeast Georgia Medical Center, a cardiology practice with more than 15 locations.

NGHS

The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst position is responsible for providing support for internal Facilities Engineering technology applications. Supports, with assistance from IT, includes installation, configuration, & maintenance, as well as providing training, reporting and production support for applications used by Facilities Engineering. The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst may serve as a resource for other team members, as well as the clinical and support units, contractors and vendors with support related to applications used by Facilities Engineering.

Associates Degree or Technical School Certification required; in lieu of education, comparable additional experience and/or education required.

3 years of work experience utilizing facilities engineering computer systems, technology services or computer systems operations. Knowledge of Healthcare, Federal regulations, Compliance standards, National Fire Protection Associate (NFPA) codes and other regulatory standards applicable to healthcare facilities engineering.

Since first opening its doors in Gainesville in 1951, Northeast Georgia Medical Center has added hospital campuses in Braselton, Barrow and Dahlonega – and become Georgia’s most awarded hospital. Some recognitions include being named to these lists:

America’s 50 Best Hospitals – Healthgrades

100 Top Hospitals – Truven Health Analytics

100 Hospitals with Great Heart Programs – Beckers Hospital Review

America’s Top Quality Providers – Carechex

Atlanta’s Top 150 Workplaces – Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Healthcare’s Most Wired Hospitals and Health Systems – Hospitals & Health Networks magazine

NGMC has also been recognized in recent years as Georgia’s #1 Hospital for overall hospital care, overall surgical care, heart care, orthopedic surgery, women’s care and more.",3.4,"Northeast Georgia Health System
3.4","Gainesville, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
100,Senior Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Put your data and business understanding into action by helping Outlier customers make data-driven decisions. You will analyze large SQL databases to understand how best to integrate them with the Outlier product. In particular, you will need to understand use cases for using Outlier and recommend the configuration of data to quickly deliver actionable Outlier insights for our clients.
As a Senior Data Analyst at Outlier, you will:
Work with leading brands to partner with them on how to use their data to ask better questions of their data using Outlier's automated business analysis
Perform analysis on large datasets to enable data-driven decision making, using tools like Python and SQL
Learn about new data and analysis challenges faced by our customers and think quickly and creatively about how to best leverage Outlier's features and functionalities to solve those challenges
Guide our current and potential customers from use case development through the navigation of their (often complicated) data structures and systems to deliver real results
Teach the team around you in order to build a scalable organization
To be a great fit for the position, you should have:
A college degree in mathematics, statistics, or computer science or equivalent experience
5+ years of relevant work experience
Designed, implemented, and analyzed business performance metrics using Python, R, or a similar language, by accessing data from large SQL databases and APIs
Created a database schema and written SQL to analyze data stored in databases
Communication skills that allow you to describe complicated concepts to technical and non-technical members of internal and external teams
The ability to problem-solve quickly and apply data analytics skills to different customer use cases and industry verticals
Excellent time management, task organization, and prioritization skills
A constant desire to learn and improve
Please note that if you are selected, part of our interview experience will include a project-based take-home challenge where you’ll have the opportunity to present your work to the team.",5.0,"Outlier.AI
5.0","Oakland, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
101,Sr Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

This is your opportunity to join the growing Ascension Data Sciences Institute! This position is ideal for someone with a passion for data analysis, working with different analytic tools, helping stakeholders to make data-driven decisions, and solving problems in healthcare!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

Serves as a key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of financial models, reports, and dashboards. Implements and supports business analytics and decision-making processes. This role will also assist developing relevant metrics to track performance and evaluate opportunities for improvement.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines, and recommends scope and format of reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to team and end users on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes data for business and financial insights.
Provides excellent customer service to business stakeholders and end users; serves as a liaison between finance and technical resources.
Initiates action on data requests
Assumes a proactive role in driving improvement activities to achieve department and organizational goals to deliver value.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance highly desired.
Technical Skills
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy preferred.
Actionable interpretation of analytic output
Requirements gathering and data discovery
Statistics (preferred experience in Python, R and RStudio)
SQL for Google BigQuery desired
Professional Skills:
Full scope of understanding Financial Statements
Strong written and oral skills
Strong collaborator and skilled cross-functional communicator
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
102,Marketing Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Were seeking a Marketing Data Analyst with an entrepreneurial drive who loves turning data into actionable insights and empowering marketing stakeholders to better leverage and understand their data.

Initial responsibilities:
Build, maintain, and monitor a comprehensive set of metrics and KPIs to measure the marketing groups health and success.
Collaborate with specific marketing subgroups to supply them with data and analysis they need day in and day out.
Identify underlying trends in marketing data to help provide strategic recommendations for marketing subgroups.
Empowering marketing group members by helping them understand underlying data and correct ways to interpret the data.
Responsibilities that can be earned:
Use the set of marketing group metrics to spearhead data projects that will help us double down on effective efforts and scale back low/negative ROI efforts.
Uncover data behind eBooks, research reports, social campaigns, and more - for every project underway, make sure theres accompanying data.
Requirements:
3-5 years in an analytic role, SaaS business model is a plus.
Marketing analyst / business analyst experience preferred.
High level of comfort with SQL strongly preferred.
Experience working with SaaS metrics, retention and LTV modeling, and attribution-based measurement a plus.
Strong analytical skills, data sensibility, and an able communicator.
California Job Applicant Privacy Notice

Thank you for your interest in opportunities at SimplePractice LLC (“SimplePractice” or “us” or “we” or “our”). Please note that when you submit your resume or application materials to us for employment purposes, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, email address, and phone number); protected characteristics (e.g., sex, gender, age, citizenship, disability status, and veteran status); professional or employment-related information (e.g., employment history, educational background, certificates and licenses, work eligibility information and other information obtained from your resume, cover letter, your responses to our application questions, background check forms, and your references); other personal records (e.g., signature, photograph, and criminal background information); and inferences drawn from personal information collected (e.g., creating a profile that reflects your abilities and aptitudes).
We collect the above categories of personal information for the following business purposes:
To perform recruitment and hiring services; to manage the workforce; to comply with federal and state laws, and to maintain security (e.g., to detect and prevent against security risks and incidents, to prevent against fraudulent or illegal activity, and to ensure compliance with our company policies and procedures).
For more information about our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy@simplepractice.com

Powered by JazzHR",4.6,"SimplePractice
4.6","Santa Monica, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
103,Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst
10744
Menlo Park, CA
6/2/2020 2:54:00 PM

Learning
Contractor - W2

Job Description
Responsibilities

Primary
Query data and provide reports/query results to stakeholders
Manage requests and priorities independently
Provide documentation of queries/inbound requests for future use in improving GBM’s data infrastructure
Create new or improve existing dashboards by adding new metrics to support Business Education and other teams within the company

Secondary
Communicate with internal stakeholders about dashboards, and provide support about which metrics are available and from where
Understand existing data policy restrictions and determine if queries are possible to run/share
Skills

Minimum Qualifications

· 4+ years of experience in analytics or similar field

· Advanced proficiency in SQL

· Experience problem solving and providing business insights and recommendations from data

· Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and drive initiatives in a cross-functional environment

· Ability to communicate complex data issues to audiences of different levels of technical expertise

Preferred Qualifications

· Experience building out large data sets and pipelines

· Python or similar scripting experience

Education

Minimum Qualifications

· Bachelor’s degree in a technical focus area

Preferred Qualifications

· MBA or graduate degree in a quantitative field

Job Requirements",3.8,"IntraEdge
3.8","Menlo Park, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
104,Lead-Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want career growth and development opportunities? We also offer relocation assistance.

The Data Analyst Lead provides complex analysis of both quantitative and qualitative healthcare data from various data sources in support of institutional decisions. This person will bring significant value to both the technical and non-technical sides of the organization by performing and training others on complex exploratory analysis for further technical development or by developing or overseeing the development of high quality, impactful dashboards using charts, graphs, drilldown, navigation and other data visualization techniques. The position is responsible for the day-to-day design, development, monitoring, documentation and support of all products as well as mentoring and guiding all junior staff members.
Bachelor's degree in a related field is required
Master's degree in Computer Science, MIS or related area preferred
Eight (8) years' experience in a related position or IT area including five (5) years of data analytics experience building data visualization, scorecards, dashboards or reports using tools such as Cognos, DA2, SAS, Business Objects, Power BI, Tableau, Oracle or Sysbase is required
Experience with various coding systems such as SNODO, SNOMED, CPT-4, ID-9, ICD10-CM, ICD10-PCA preferred
Experience with Cerner is strongly preferred with knowledge regarding patient registration, orders, results, lab, diagnostics, coding, billing etc
Experience with SQL and knowledge of query tools to access data products such SQL Server and Oracle etc preferred
Experience with multidimensional data sources, clinical operations or clinical documentation is preferred
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.",4.7,"St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
4.7","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1962,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
105,Business Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Published Job Title:
Business Data Analyst

Location:
BRKFD-Brookfield

Position:
MDS017-Analyst II - Data Science

Job Summary::
Milwaukee Tool is continuing to expand, and as the Supply Chain gets faster and more data-driven, we are seeking Business Data Analysts to architect and build solutions that support the exciting business growth. We want Data Scientists that are detailed-oriented, have an entrepreneurial attitude, and won't allow the status-quo to impede on innovation.

The ideal candidate will be able to discuss experiences that include:
Reviewing historical sales trends, researching demand drivers, and working with forecast software packages to develop statistical models
Effectively communicating and interacting with business and technical personnel in solving complex business problems
Working with the end users to understand requirements, formulate use cases, and translate needs into effective technical solutions
Participating in brainstorming sessions and contributing ideas to our technology, algorithms, and products
Interacting with multiple business units and cross-functional teams to drive consistency and standardization across the enterprise
Leveraging both new and existing technologies to create reports, dashboards, scorecards, and visualizations that clearly measure KPIs
Analyzing and researching opportunities for improvement, and clearly documenting action steps for desired change
The ideal candidate is required to have:
Oral and written communication skills for presentations to all levels of customer and management teams
Bachelor's Degree;
Fields of Mathematics, Statistics, Computer/Data Science, Supply Chain, or Economics preferred
Expert-level knowledge of Microsoft Suite, including Excel, VBA, & PowerPivot
Minimum 2 years Business Experience working with Data Warehouses, Data Visualization techniques, & BI Development tools
Advanced-level knowledge of SQL Server and relational data
Experience developing within Azure technologies (Analysis Services, Data Factory, etc)
Experience with programming and computing languages (Power BI, DAX, Python, etc)

Minimum Requirements::

Shift::
1st Shift

Full/Part Time:
Full-time

Pay Range::",4.5,"Milwaukee Tool
4.5","Brookfield, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1924,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
106,Business Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title:
Business Data Analyst

Location:
US, Texas, Plano
Role Overview:


McAfee is looking for a Data Analyst to join our team. You will analyze our Consumer Growth Marketing acquisition and Retention Business including digital channel performance, A/B testing, and more. You will be providing cross-department marketing insights to influence media systems, strategy, creative and content teams. You will report to the head of customer insights and analytics.



Company Overview


From device to cloud, McAfee provides market-leading cybersecurity solutions for both business and consumers. We help businesses orchestrate cyber environments that are truly integrated, where protection, detection, and correction of security threats happen simultaneously. For consumers, McAfee secures your devices against viruses, malware, and other threats, both at home and away. We want to continue to shape the future of cybersecurity by working together to build best in class products and solutions.

About the role:
You will work with other analysts and data scientists helping them with important insights on customer journey and on important metrics performance.
You will perform data analysis across all applicable marketing technologies, and communicate insights and recommendations based on findings
You will summarize data from multiple sources, developing assumptions where needed, to communicate insight and opportunity internally & externally
You will build analysis, data visualizations, and reporting that provides important insights required for decision making in the organization
You will organize the analytical needs of the business, collaborate in the design of diagnostic solutions, developing experimentation backlog based on opportunity ranking and provide data products and insights
You will translate business functional requirements into technical specifications for data and reporting teams and, conversely, technical approaches into easily digestible insights
About you:
You have experience transforming data trends into useful customer insights business can use to guide data-driven strategy and customer experience
You have 3+ years of experience in a digital role working with data, excels, and business models as part of a marketing team
You have previously worked in Digital, Traditional, and Business to Consumer marketing teams
You have knowledge of PowerBI, Azure, Adobe Analytics, or Google Analytics
You have experience using Excel pivot tables and Vlookups
You have experience and an understanding of SQL
You have worked with Tableau, Power BI or similar visualization tools
You are familiar or interested in ever-growing Internet technologies and marketing tactics like Search, Social, or SEO
Company Benefits and Perks:


We work hard to embrace diversity and inclusion and encourage everyone at McAfee to bring their authentic selves to work every day. We offer a variety of social programs, flexible work hours and family-friendly benefits to all of our employees.
Pension and Retirement Plans
Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Paid Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Support for Community Involvement
We're serious about our commitment to diversity which is why McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.

Job Type:


Experienced Hire

Primary Location:
US, Texas, Plano

Additional Locations:",3.6,"McAfee
3.6","Plano, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
107,Data Quality Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Quality Analyst
10662
Tempe, AZ
3/25/2020 5:47:00 PM

Quality Engineering
Contractor - W2

Job Description
Good data analysis skills
Hands on experience with data profiling, DQ scorecard and profile creation, identifying DQ rules – Informatica Data Quality Analyst experience preferred
Good communication skills – ability to interact with business users to share data profiling results and get feedback
Experience working with Collibra, MDM will be a nice to have
Ability to liaison with IT partners and perform UAT
Financial background is required.
7-8 years of experience is required

Job Requirements",3.8,"IntraEdge
3.8","Tempe, AZ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
108,Data and Policy Analyst - Statistical Programmer,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

At Acumen, LLC / The SPHERE Institute, Data and Policy Analysts provide analytical support for research and consulting projects for government and private clients, primarily in the area of health policy. This position is responsible for managing and analyzing data, researching and interpreting policy, and communicating findings to multiple audiences.

Data and Policy Analysts perform a wide array of functions as part of the research process. Those applicants interested in focusing on statistical programming help create and report descriptive statistic, conduct econometric and statistical analyses of data using statistical software such as SAS and STATA, interpret study specifications, research findings, and quantitative analyses for relevant audiences, develop research files from large confidential datasets, and perform other duties as assigned.

Required Skills

As we review your materials, we are looking for candidates who best exemplify the following qualifications:

Qualifications Required:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative, public policy, or related field or equivalent relevant experience
Good quantitative analytical skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Good organizational skills and strong attention to detail
Familiar with one or more of the following technical competencies: statistics, programming, policy writing, research methods documentation, or project management
Able to demonstrate initiative, critical thinking, and problem-solving
Able to work in a team-oriented environment
Able to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated aptitude and enthusiasm for learning
Qualifications Desired:
Demonstrated interest in health and social policy
Master's degree in a quantitative, public policy, or related field or equivalent relevant experience
Any application without a cover letter will not be considered. Transcripts and coding samples are not required, however highly preferred and may be requested. We ask that you submit an application for only one office location. We are excited to review your application and look forward to seeing how you may best contribute to our work.

Job Location

Burlingame, California, United States

Position Type

Full-Time/Regular",3.4,"Acumen
3.4","Burlingame, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
109,Data Analyst (Entry),$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nursery Coordinator

No corp to corp or sponsorship

Responsibilities

- Assist in the design, creation and management of nursery trials;

- Submit capacity and assay requests to partner labs and teams through enterprise IT systems

- Work with large, complex datasets and computer systems to provide insights for data- driven decisions;

- Work with stakeholders across site functions to track KPIs;

- Assist with in-depth and ad-hoc analysis of information from multiple data sources;

- Increase data accessibility within the organization by enabling scheduled reporting and monitoring in non-graphic or graphic form;

- Use forecasts to help manage greenhouse capacity;

- Accurately forecast, create and analyze molecular assay projects to advance elite genetics while ensuring trait quality;

- Be able to work extended hours during peak seasons;

Required Skills / Experience

- BS in data science, life sciences, engineering, statistics or related field PLUS at least one year of work experience with reporting, data management, or data analytics

OR

- An equivalent combination of related experience/education

ALSO

- Experience with large data sets

- Excellent Excel skills

- Ability quickly understand a number of processes with consistency and attention to data quality and accuracy

Desired Skills and Experience

- Experience with visualization software (Tibco SpotFire, Tableau, Power BI, etc.)",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Tucson, AZ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
110,Data Analyst (Marketing),$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Based in San Francisco, CA or 100% Remote (based in the U.S.)*

NerdWallet is seeking a data-driven and analytical professional for our Data Analytics team. This individual will focus on providing digital data solutions and innovations to help grow our business. Successful candidates will partner with Marketing teams to uncover data-driven insights, and will be expected to understand and contribute to all aspects of NerdWallet's data. Ideal candidates will be passionate, flexible and interested in the power of FinTech to improve consumers' lives. We are looking for analytical nerds across multiple levels from Analyst to Senior Analyst, so if you feel like this is an exciting opportunity we would love to hear from you.

Where you can make an impact:
Be a NerdWallet Marketing data expert: know the ins and outs of our database, consisting of both internal and third party data, including availability, provenance, reliability and relationships between data sets. Through SQL, you will process, transform, merge and report our data.
Drive highly visible analytic projects for NerdWallet CRM & Marketing such as multivariate testing, attribution modeling, and media mix modeling.
Partner with marketing and CRM to understand business strategy, challenges and goals, and discover areas for opportunity.
Develop and optimize methodologies to measure effectiveness of campaigns across multiple channels like SEM, Social, OTT, TV, OOH, Native and Email.
Deliver deep-dive analyses of mid- or post-campaign performance as well as ad-hoc requests to put forward hypotheses and recommendations for future initiatives and programs.
Serve as a leader in defining metric calculations; partner with BI Engineers on development of self-serve dashboards to monitor KPIs and success metrics.
Collaborate cross-functionally with sister analytics teams at NerdWallet to leverage shared platforms, best practices, insights and innovations.
Surface insights and present results to business leaders using a variety of tools – Tableau/Looker, Office Suite slides, spreadsheets, etc.
You are:


Highly productive: Work independently on a day-to-day basis. This role is intended for somebody who will take meaningful responsibility and initiative for our business metrics.
Structured thinker: Understand the key drivers to our business and identify how to modify them to improve business metrics.
Consumer-first and positive thinker: You're motivated to work hard in a fast-paced environment – business decisions here can connect and impact millions of users.
Expert multi-tasker and prioritizer: Experience (and preferably an enjoyment of) balancing numerous different priorities and demands.
Positive and adaptable: Demonstrates flexibility and constructive attitude in face of shifting business needs and personal responsibilities
Your experience:


Day-to-day familiarity with writing efficient SQL to solve complex problems and manipulate big data sets (SQL experience required, experience with Python or other scripting languages is a plus)
Solid understanding of multivariate testing, attribution modeling, media mix modeling, lift analysis, and customer segmentation highly preferred
Strong communication skills and the ability to explain complex analyses to both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience with BI tools (Tableau, Looker, Qlikview, etc.), CRM, and marketing automation platform
2 - 4+ years of experience in a quantitative role, preferably at a consumer technology company
BA/BS degree, Masters a plus- preferably in a quantitative field like Math, Statistics, or Economics
What we offer:


Work hard, stay balanced (Life's a series of balancing acts, eh?)
100% paid premiums for medical, dental and vision for employees and their dependents
Rejuvenation Policy – Flexible Time Off + 12 holidays
New Parent Leave for employees with a newborn child or a child placed with them for adoption or foster care
Mental health support through Ginger.io
Paid sabbatical for Nerds to recharge, gain knowledge and pursue their interests
Health and Dependent Care FSA and HSA with monthly NerdWallet contribution
Weekly Virtual Bootcamp, Yoga and Mindfulness Meditation sessions
Monthly Wellness Stipend and Cell Phone Stipend
Have some fun! (Nerds are fun, too)
Nerd-led group initiatives – Intramural Sports, Employee Resource Groups for Parents, Diversity and Inclusion, Womxn, LGBTQIA, and other communities
Hackathons, Happy Hours and team bonding across all teams and departments
Company-wide events like Little Nerds Day (aka bring your kids to work day, even if you're remote!) and our annual Charity Auction
Lifestyle (Be your best self - we'll take care of the details)
Our Nerds love to make an impact by paying it forward – Donate to your favorite causes with a company match
Work from home equipment stipend and co-working space subsidy
Commuting stipend and catered breakfast, lunch and onsite barista for SF based Nerds
Anniversary recognition program – choose from different items and experiences
Plan for your future (And when you retire on your island, remember the little people)
401K with company match
Annual Enrichment Stipend for learning and development
Be the first to test and benefit from our new financial products and tools
Access to Rocket Lawyer for online legal support and resources
NerdWallet is committed to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of any characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

#LI-KL1

#LI-Remote",3.4,"NerdWallet
3.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
111,"Senior Data Analyst, Consumer Experience",$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Chime is the largest and fastest-growing player in the challenger-banking space, providing mobile and online banking technology in the U.S. on behalf of partner banks and facilitating over 10M accounts with no physical branches. We're a technology company relentlessly focused on helping our members achieve financial peace of mind. That's why we offer access to an award-winning bank account that doesn't charge a ton of traditional bank fees, can give members early access to their paychecks, and enables members to grow their savings automatically. And we're just getting started. We are proud of our mission, devoted to our members, and passionate about applying technology to the challenge of making financial health a reality for everyone.

We have one of the most experienced management teams in Fintech and have raised over $800M in funding from DST, General Atlantic, Iconiq, Coatue, Dragoneer, Menlo, Access, Forerunner, and others. If you're looking to join a fast-growing company with a beloved, daily-use product and an authentic mission that puts people first, we want to meet you.

About the Role

As a Senior Data Analyst, you will be responsible for the success of our Move Money product experience, working cross-functionally with product, engineering and ops teams. You'll use data to develop insights, run experiments, and guide decision making with the goal of building support experiences and features to delight and solve our members' issues.

Responsibilities
Define key metrics used to measure the success of our consumer banking experiences and products
Build a deeper understanding of our members needs and strategic product and business opportunities
Partner with product, engineering and operations to translate your data insights into product features or recommendations to improve operations
Lead experimentation by providing guidance on the experiments that should be run, how they should be run, and evaluating the impact on our key metrics
Foster a data-driven, test-and-learn culture with your passion for telling stories with data
Requirements
A quantitative degree in a field like Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Operations Research or Engineering. Advanced degrees preferred.
3+ years in analytics, leveling will be determined based on experience. B2C product analytics and FinTech experience preferred.
Strong SQL skills - familiarity with window functions would be a good sign.
Exposure to a scripting language like Python or R and relevant data science packages
Experience building metric frameworks to understand user behaviors.
Experience with data science, experimentation and statistical analysis used to guide decision making.
Excellent communication skills, a record of working cross-functionally to achieve results.
What we offer
Competitive salary based on experience, medical and dental benefits, as well as a 401k match.
Free snacks and drinks, plus weekly catered lunches. (when back in office!)
Flexible vacation policy.
Monthly happy hours and company events.
A challenging and fulfilling opportunity to join one of the most experienced teams in FinTech and help create a completely new kind of banking service.
We know great work isn't done alone. We're building a team of individuals to Chime in with their different strengths to benefit our employees and members. We strongly believe that different backgrounds and ideas are a competitive advantage; we hire candidates of any race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital or family status, disability, Veteran status, and any other status. Chime is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. To learn more about how Chime collects and uses your personal information during the application process, please see the Chime Applicant Privacy Notice.",4.8,"Chime
4.8","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
112,"Data Analyst, Payments",$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Build out rigorous observability and optimizations across the Stripe Payments Stack

About our Team:


Payments are the core of Stripe's business, and the groups and teams within Payments Infrastructure are broadly responsible for processing and moving these funds at a huge scale.

From the outside, a customer's credit card is charged and the merchant receives a payout to their bank account. On the inside, we have a network of teams that build infrastructure for charging the credit cards (or other payment methods, like bank transfers or Alipay), integrations with our banking partners to send transfers to our users across the globe, systems that collect Stripe's revenue, and more. Collectively, this group powers all payments products at Stripe, and we're looking for talented analysts to come help us organize and understand the data surrounding these complex processes.

You will:
Work closely with product and engineering teams to identify important questions around how to define key metrics
Conduct analyses and opportunity sizing to define addressable markets and operational opportunities for improvement
Develop compelling dashboards and automated reporting related to key performance metrics
Communicate results and influence key decision makers, including engineering, and business leaders
You'd ideally have:


3+ years experience in product analytics
Extensive experience and passion for metrics and dashboards visualizations
Highly skilled at writing SQL to query relational databases; knowledge of R or Python is a plus
Strong communication and presentation skills
Degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Math, Sciences, Engineering)
You should include these in your application:
A resume and LinkedIn profile
A dashboard sample
What's it like to work at Stripe?


Stripe is helping the internet fulfill its potential as a platform for economic progress by building software tools that accelerate global economic access and technological development. Stripe makes it easy to start, run and scale an internet business from anywhere in the world.

We look at Stripe as a constant work in progress and the same is true of our people; for all of us, we believe the best is yet to come. We're here to support each other in our curiosity and creativity – which we pursue through thoughtful discussion and knowledge-sharing among a diverse set of peers and colleagues.

We want to work in a company of warm, inclusive people who treat their colleagues exceptionally well. The kind of people who are committed to going out of their way to help other Stripes in the short-term and pushing them to improve over the long-term (by helping them to get better at what they do).

We're a highly cross-functional organization and view that as part of the fun: we design our space to encourage as much collaboration as possible. We have long tables in the kitchen for a reason (to enable everyone to meet new people and learn from them). We also have a culture of transparency that we carry through to email communication, ensuring that Stripes all around the world have the information they need to make good local decisions.

In both our products and our people, we aim to reflect, represent and advocate for all of our users, globally. Our users transcend geography, culture and language; what we share, collectively, is a drive to create a fairer, more economically interconnected world.",4.1,"Stripe
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
113,Quality Data Management Analyst (Corporate Quality),$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Quality Data Management Analyst for Corporate Quality will be responsible for conducting various data management responsibilities and help establish a new Data Management organization for the Quality department. This role will collaborate cross functionally with various areas of the organizations to develop a deep understanding of how our Quality Data is managed and governed across the Edwards Quality Management Systems globally. The successful individual must have a combination of analytical skills, data management understanding, and business acumen with an ability to think enterprise-wide. The Analyst would be comfortable with interacting with upper management and enforcing standards.

Key Responsibilities:
Data Management and Preparation: Identify, evaluate, cleanse, and organize disparate data sources. Identify data sources available and collect primary data where necessary. - Understand and assess the value of data sources based on our organizational need. Prepare and structure data within our systems.
Collaboration: Work across functions to understand the nuances of our data from across the organization and external sources. Seek to understand the data and analytical needs of our stakeholders. Work closely with the Quality Data Analytics, business process owners, and IT organizations to manage and maintain data within our systems.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree with 2 years of experience with data analytics; OR Master’s degree in Data/Business Analytics field.
Ability to capture and document Entity Relationship Diagrams for Enterprise Quality Systems across all Quality areas
Be able to develop data dictionaries for Enterprise Quality Systems across all Quality areas
Be able to contribute to data source identification, data mapping, functional design and detail design.
Be able to draft Data Management Plans for Enterprise Quality Systems across all Quality areas
Experience with data visualization/modeling related tools such as: Power BI, Tableau, QlikView.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in the medical device, pharma, biotech, or healthcare related industries
Using reporting tools and querying languages such as: SQL
Utilizing programming languages such as: Python, R
Experience with electronic Quality Management Systems (ETQ Reliance, Pilgrim)
Knowledge and experience with Quality Systems (e.g. CAPAs, NCRs, Complaints)
Good written and verbal communication skills
Results-oriented, positive “can-do” attitude with demonstration of appropriate urgency and initiative
Detail-oriented, producing high quality work
Strong ability to manage and work with different cultures and nationalities
Ability to manage competing and evolving priorities in a fast-paced environment
Ability to adapt to new technologies and rapidly changing environment
Participate in project communications, training materials, and business procedures/documentation
Edwards is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer including protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities.",3.7,"Edwards Lifesciences
3.7","Irvine, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1958,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
114,"Intelligence Data Analyst, Senior",$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Intelligence Data Analyst, Sr

Job Description: Provides support to the Department of the Army

Intelligence Information Services (DAIIS). Responsible for delivering world

class organizational messaging for the Army intelligence enterprise through

the Multimedia Messenger Manager (M3). Provides data management functions

in the form of data governance, data architecture, data warehousing, data

quality management, metadata management, data security management, data

development management, data operations management, data refinement,

integrated data services, data transformation services, data discovery

services, data tradecraft services, advanced data analytics, and technology

pursuit. Serves as an enterprise access manager/validator for Army

intelligence users to access intelligence community PKI-enabled databases or

communities of interest (COI) on JWICS such as NCTC Online and JEMS.

o Required Skills: Power Business Intelligence (BI), ability to

manipulate data, experience with training

o Desirable Skills: Python coding experience is a plus",4.2,"The Buffalo Group
4.2","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
115,Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"EMPLOYMENT VALUE PROPOSITION: Mental Health Center of Denver provides you with the support you need to help you develop a career in helping others succeed. We innovate, adapt, and leverage the diverse perspectives of the people on our team and the people we serve in everything we do.

Learn what it is like to work at the Mental Health Center of Denver:


STARTING SALARY: $48,006.40 - $55,016.00

Position Summary: Utilizes clinical services and operational data to assess outcomes and effectiveness associated with MHCD's service programs and operational processes. Collects data to answer evaluation and research questions that may arise from program requirements, management and/or staff. Develops summative and formative analytics and evaluation reports for delivery to staff, management, and external stakeholders. Position will primarily be assigned to our criminal justice programs, specifically a court/jail diversion program.

Essential job functions
Collects and prepares data for reporting as required under the research or evaluation plan using SQL and Excel.
Performs individual and group interviews with persons we serve, staff, and stakeholders.
Conducts analyses using SQL, Excel, and R
Prepares and submits analytic, research, and/or evaluation reports as needed
Develops presentations and documents
Writes sections of grants, papers, and other research materials
Interacts with managers and staff to review and edit reports as needed
Other duties as assigned.
Education: Minimum of bachelor's degree in statistics, social or behavioral research, or another related field.

Experience: Minimum of one-year experience with statistical analyses, data collection and processing, and\or program evaluation within a healthcare environment.

Skills and Competencies:
Proficiency with evaluation and research methods
Proficiency with T-SQL and R.
Proficiency with basic statistical techniques and data wrangling methods
Ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences.
Commitment to high quality research and analyses.
Ability to organize and prioritize work, handle multiple assignments, and meet deadlines in an agile development environment.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: No direct supervision of staff.

MACHINES AND EQUIPMENT TO BE USED: PC Computer, MS Office software, MS SQL Server Management Studio, Tableau, R

TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Requires sitting, standing, bending and reaching. May require lifting up to 50 pounds. Requires manual dexterity sufficient to operate standard office machines such as computers, fax machines, the telephone and other office and/or clinical equipment.

TYPICAL MENTAL DEMANDS: Ability to give, receive, and analyze information, formulate work plans, prepare written materials, and articulate goals and action plans. Must understand people from all walks of life and be able to communicate effectively with them.

WORKING CONDITIONS: May require occasional evening or weekend hours.",4.0,"Mental Health Center of Denver
4.0","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
116,Senior Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy-to-use platforms and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry pioneer today, and in the future of online food ordering.
We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process!
Why Work For Us
We have a fast-paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you - and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery!
We are looking for a Senior Data Analyst, who will be instrumental in visualizing business trends and insights across the company. The Finance team is the analytical engine of the company - we surface data-steered insights that drive strategy and optimal choice making for the leads across the organization. We need data, reporting and investigation to do this! In this role, you will need to understand effective dashboard design and translate thorough requirements into dashboards/reporting to help analyze trends.
To succeed in this role, you should love both getting to the ‘truth’ of data and optimally visualizing data/insights in tools like Tableau, ReDash and Excel.

Build and maintain a connected ecosystem of dashboards and reports across multiple different platforms (Tableau, Redash, Arcgis)
Manage projects from inception to completion: requirements gathering, wireframing, KPI definition and refinement, build, QA and delivery
Work across all facets of the business with key stakeholders to transform requirements into actionable dashboards
Partner with the Data League to ensure reporting tables address the needs of the business
Provide ‘self service’ reporting solutions for managers across the organization to effectively manage their business
Maintain a ‘Source of Truth’ for company wide metrics

4+ years of experience in a data/BI role
Bachelor's degree required
Proficiency in Tableau and SQL, (ARCgis or other mapping tool experience a plus!)
Proven track record of successful dashboard development and adoption by business users
Strong familiarity with data warehouse environments (e.g., AWS and Presto)
Ability to balance speed and accuracy - we work quickly but smartly
Nimble mindset - our business is growing and evolving quickly, you’ll need to too!

Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries.
Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well-being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company-wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4-week returnship program, and 6-8 weeks paid medical leave.
Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs.
MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company-wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together.
Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee-led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing-eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more!
Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them.
Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the U.S. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhub.com.",3.9,"Grubhub
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
117,Senior Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

The Data Analyst will apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and data presentation to comprehend and identify trends and will provide technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems.

The selected candidate will have the unique opportunity to support the customer through the application of programmatic and quantitative methods to identify patterns and relationships in large data sets using mathematical, statistical, and other data-driven analysis to address intelligence questions. The Data Analyst will apply and enhance their skills with developing, running, and analyzing results of complex queries against massive scale data stores/data processing environments.

Basic Qualifications:
The Data Analyst will provide imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent solutions with organizational objectives, work under general direction, and determine and develop approaches to solutions independently.
Present findings to both technical and non-technical collaborators and stakeholders.
Gather and analyze data across sources and systems to identify trends and derive recommendations or make predictions.
Generate and compile reports to provide a holistic comprehension of important performance metrics for more informed decision-making.
Position requires a Bachelor's degree.
Position requires five (5) years of related experience.
Experience with All-Source data analysis to perform technical targeting analytic support in the Intelligence Community.
Developing and using computer languages (e.g. Python, R, Pig, Java, C, SQL, ECL) to perform large scale parallel processing of data, and to develop, validate, and use methodologies to support analytic requirements in clustered computing environments.
Knowledge of SQL and databases
Experience using analytic techniques and tools to conduct technical targeting analytic support to the customer.
Ability to collaborate with technical teams to provide solutions.
Experience developing custom algorithms to support analytic requirements against massive data stores.
Desired Skills:
Experience in the Intelligence Community.
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI Poly security clearance required.

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Herndon, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
118,Data / BI Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"RedCloud is seeking multiple Data and BI Analysts ranging from Mid to Senior level, to support our growing consulting team! If you are a Data or BI Analyst with an eye for capturing what others miss, a strong analytical focus, and the ability to research, model, visualize, and provide insights as well as identify trends, we want to talk with you!

RedCloud Consulting is a business and IT consulting company with local Puget Sound Enterprise and Mid-sized clients. We have been recognized by Seattle Business Magazine and ranked #1 on their “Best Companies to Work for in Washington” for Mid-Sized Businesses list, awarded #1 Fastest Growing Company in Washington by Puget Sound Business Journal, and named on the Inc. 500/5000 list.

**We are currently only considering local candidates, residing in the Greater Seattle area, for this role**

Responsibilities may include but are not limited to (will vary by experience level):
Work closely with client stakeholders and coordinate delivery of projects in scope and on time
Define business requirements and functional specifications for a BI solution – including data requirements, reporting / presentation layer requirements.
Drive data architecture and modeling recommendations
Perform data ETL processing from multiple sources
Conduct data analysis and interpret data to answer key business questions
Develop report deliverables and data visualizations producing valuable insights to stakeholders
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (will vary by experience level):
An understanding of BI solutions best practices and common pitfalls from architectural design, data source, ingestion, storage, analysis and visualization
Ability to articulate BI and reporting concepts in a way that is easy to understand
Demonstrated ability to coordinate and conduct test efforts for a BI solution
Excellent stakeholder management skills and meeting presence
Proven ability to manage your workload, organizing and prioritizing tasks and clearly communicating status
Ability to multi-task and manage multiple projects and priorities
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Education and Experience:
Minimum BA/BS degree from a four-year accredited university
Demonstrated experience from the “Required Skills, Knowledge and Abilities” section above will vary by level from Mid (3-7 years) and Senior (8+ years).
Desirable systems and tools experience, which will vary by role, may include: SQL skills (connecting to databases, joining tables, queries), SSIS/SSAS/SSRS, data analytics (Advanced Excel, Python, R), reporting visualization and presentation (PowerBI, Tableau, SharePoint)
About Us:

RedCloud is a boutique Management Consulting firm founded in 1995, based in Bellevue, WA with a primary goal of empowering businesses to realize their potential and reach peak performance. We do this with a complete and unwavering focus on accountability, dependability and results. We achieve this by providing a broad array of both Business and IT consulting services in addition to staffing solutions to our clients. Our professional services include Strategic Planning, Process Improvement, Project Management, IT Management, Sales and Marketing, Business Intelligence and Cyber Security Services.

Learn more about us at redcloudconsulting.com.",4.6,"RedCloud Consulting
4.6","Bellevue, WA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
119,Data Science Support Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Science Support Analyst to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Support Analyst will partner with the Data Scientists to: support production deployment of models and web applications related to technologies developed by the Data Science team; participates in new development of web applications and restful api’s; gain exposure to production machine learning model pipelines and the design and creation of new models using statistical techniques.

Responsibilities:
Continually check metrics and validate models, compute model performance metrics.
Access, analyze, cleanse, pre-process data.
Retrieve data from multiple stores CSV/Teradata/Oracle/API/.
Train new models per specifications from Data Scientist.
Deploy new models and determine when to replace existing.
Configure Linux server web sites and update code base as needed.
Monitor web application performance and fix issues accordingly.
Configure SQLite/SQL/Mongo databases and stored queries, updating as needed.
Participate in meetings and offer ideas and solutions to present problems.
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Python (numpy/pandas/matplotlib/sklearn/flask)
Version control (git)
SQL and database APIs (cx_oracle, pymysql, sqlalchemy)
Cloud deployment experience (AWS, containerization) and familiarity with AWS services
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment
Machine Learning algorithm development experience.
Ability to learn new technologies rapidly and turn around implementations.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with ability to effectively communicate to all levels with varying degrees of technical knowledge
Critical thinking Independent problem resolution
Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others
Bachelor's Degree (Data Science, Analytics, Business, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or related field)
2-4 years experience (candidates with a relevant Masters degree and less experience will also be considered).",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
120,Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"Published Job Title:
Data Analyst - Service Operations

Location:
BRKFD-Brookfield

Position:
MAF006-Data Analyst

Job Summary::

Milwaukee Tool's service experience is a customer expectation and a competitive advantage. As Service grows larger and faster and is more data-driven, we are seeking a Data Analyst to support our operations and innovations.

This position will be tightly integrated with all operational and commercial aspects of Service, as well as its support functions like Finance, Supply Chain, and others. In addition to creating and deploying ""single source of truth"" analytics, this role will use its knowledge of the Service business and operations to accurately articulate past and present performance, project future activities and results, identify new business and operational opportunities, and provide early warning of issues or concerns. As such, we want a Data Analyst who is business savvy, detail oriented, entrepreneurial, and who won't allow the status-quo to impede on innovation.

The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate experience in:
Effectively communicating and interacting with business and technical personnel in evaluating and solving complex business problems.
Reviewing historical results and trends, current performance, and future projections and forecasts to develop clear, accurate, and repeatable business models.
Analyzing and researching opportunities for improvement, and clearly documenting action steps for desired change.
Interacting with multiple locations, business units, and cross-functional teams to drive consistency and standardization across the enterprise.
Leveraging both new and existing technologies to create reports, dashboards, scorecards, and visualizations that clearly measure KPIs. Teaching end-users how to interpret and use to maximum effect.
Working with the end users to understand requirements, formulate use cases, and translate needs into effective solutions.
Education and experience requirements:
Requires a Bachelor's Degree in mathematics, statistics, computer/data science, supply chain, or economics.
Minimum 1 years' experience working with data warehouses, data visualization techniques, & BI development tools.
Experience working in service or manufacturing environments is preferred.
Expert-level knowledge of Microsoft Suite, including Excel, VBA, & PowerPivot.
Advanced-level knowledge of SQL Server and relational data.
Experience with programming and computing languages; Power BI & R preferred.
Functional knowledge of corporate finances.
Oral and written communication skills for presentations to all levels of plant and management teams.
Occasional travel will be required, up to 10%-15%. Travel is generally domestic and short durations. Destinations can include Milwaukee Tool facilities as well as customer and supplier locations
Minimum Requirements::

Shift::
1st Shift

Full/Part Time:
Full-time

Pay Range::",4.5,"Milwaukee Tool
4.5","Brookfield, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1924,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
121,Senior Data Analyst (Remote/ Virtual),$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

This is your opportunity to join the growing Ascension Data Science Institute!

Remote opportunity!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

Serves as key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to staff on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Bachelor's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Preferred Skills:
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Web and social media analytics
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL preferred
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
122,Product and Data Analyst,$43k-$84k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Canal Insurance

Canal Insurance Company specializes in insurance for commercial trucking and specialty transportation operations. Canal was founded in 1939 and is located in Greenville, South Carolina. At Canal, we recognize that our success would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of our employees. We know that happiness and productivity go hand in hand, and to that end, we consciously cultivate a culture that enables us to recruit and retain the very best talent in the business.

Product& Data Analyst:

** Must be willing to relocate to Greenville, South Carolina **

The Product and Data Analyst position is responsible for providing analytical support to Product Managers within a designated region, group of states, or function and for maintaining regularly generated reports, answering ad hoc data questions and distributing these results to all levels of management. The analyst will also support the companies modeling efforts by monitoring the results of models as well as refreshing existing models.

Major Accountabilities:
Complete recommendations for pricing adequacy and participate in strategies that consider multiple business dimensions for profit, growth and expense for specific states and regions.
Accurately and concisely communicate findings of analysis. Proactively solicit input from business leaders on rate plans and progress.
Monitor incoming business and communicate results to product managers, business units and marketing staff.
Query data from multiple sources, check for completeness and accuracy, and produce regularly scheduled as well as ad hoc reports.
Collaborate with IT in the research and solution of data issues within source systems and downstream applications.
Monitor existing models to see that they continue to be effective, or to suggest improvements.
Refresh and reparametrize existing predictive models.
Perform other duties as assigned by Management.
Qualifications

Education/Training Requirements: Bachelor’s degree required with a concentration in Business, Finance, Economics, Mathematics or Computer Science preferred.

Experience/Specialized Skills: Minimum three years of experience analyzing data identification of data anomalies required. Basic technical knowledge and intermediate operational knowledge in underwriting preferred. Intermediate knowledge of database functionality required. Advanced querying skills (PowerPivot, SQL, R, or SAS) preferred. At least three years of experience analyzing data with a critical eye towards reasonability and identification of data anomalies. Prior experience developing or using results from regression models or decision trees is strongly preferred. Insurance industry experience preferred, but not required. Advanced computer skills (word processing, spreadsheets, databases, Internet, e-mail) required.

Special Considerations

Physical Requirements: Constant use of vision, hearing, and communication (oral and written in person and via telephone). Frequent concentration, standing, walking, handling, reaching, and grasping. Occasional bending, kneeling and lifting (up to 25 lbs.). Heavy use of computer and office equipment.

Additional Requirements: Occasional travel may be required. Periodic work outside of standard business hours or on weekends may be required.",3.8,"Canal Insurance
3.8","Greenville, SC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1939,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
123,Sr. Data Quality Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Abacus Insights is a mission-driven, start-up technology company that is focused on improving health outcomes, lowering the cost of healthcare, and delivering a more seamless healthcare experience. At our core, we are passionate about advancing healthcare and improving people's lives through technology.

Abacus Insights provides a flexible, efficient, and secure platform that organizes and exchanges data from various sources and formats, allowing healthcare companies to uncover differentiated insights that address their customers' needs. Our employees know that they play an active role in keeping our customers data safe and are responsible for ensuring that our comprehensive policies and practices are met.

With our deep expertise in cloud-enabled technologies and knowledge of the healthcare industry, we have built an innovative data integration and management platform that allows healthcare payers access to data that has been historically siloed and inaccessible. Through our platform, these health insurance payers can ingest and manage all the data they need to transform their business by supporting their analytical, operational, and financial needs.

Through this mission and passion to aid people and population health, we have built a highly successful SaaS business that is heavily funded (since our founding in 2017 we have over 53 million) by leading VC firms who have deep expertise in the healthcare and technology industries. At Abacus, we are solving problems of massive scale and complexity in an industry that is not only ripe for disruption but requires innovation. We see massive growth in our future and would love for you to be a part of it!

Description
At Abacus, we are custodians of data for our clients. This requires efficient processes to manage data implementations, data production, data quality and data security. The Data Analysis function provides insight into different aspects of the data operations function right from raw data files, to the quality of data in the deliverables.

Principal Responsibilities and Essential Duties:
Work collaboratively with Project Management, Operations, Development and Engineering to deliver all contractually required services. Investigates and responds to questions for assigned product lines.
Data Quality Provides data quality analysis and data mining on client-specific data and general healthcare data.
Reviews testing executed by multiple groups
Lead the development of data quality strategy
Assist the Connector Engineering/Tools team with new business requirements and help them with Functional Specifications.
Identify, document and refine standard processes
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in relevant field such as Health Science, Computer Science, Business, or equivalent experience.
5 years' experience with Data Quality in a Healthcare Tech Provider or a health pan.
Strong data manipulation skills.
Strong querying skills.
Strong knowledge of healthcare enrollment, medical claims, and drug claims data required. Additional knowledge of non-traditional data types (health & wellness, workforce productivity, and EMR) preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to multitask and prioritize projects to meet scheduled deadlines.
Strong interpersonal skills required.
Ability to work well independently or in a team environment, and mentor other team members.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
As a mission-led technology company that is helping to drive better healthcare outcomes, Abacus Insights believes that the best innovation and value we can bring to our customers comes from diverse ideas, thoughts, experiences, and perspectives. We are dedicated to building diverse teams, and as such provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment. As well as prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.",5.0,"Abacus Insights
5.0","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
124,Equity Data Insights Analyst - Quantitative Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"A career at T. Rowe Price says you want to contribute and make a difference at a leading global investment management firm where success results from the dedication our associates have in building success for our clients. We are a growing organization of associates from diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives.
We take a long-term view on associates and their careers. Our associates do phenomenal work with purpose, and as a result, we provide growth opportunities through in-person and online training, management development programs, and career development on the job.
If you are seeking a meaningful work experience along with a workplace culture that thrives on teamwork, we invite you to explore the opportunity to join us.


Primary Purpose:

The Equity Data Insights Quantitative Analyst supports the fundamental investment process using data driven insights to intelligently augment the bottoms up research performed by the fundamental research team.

Key Responsibilities:
Inform the investment process – Bring new data driven insights to the Equity Analyst and PM’s. Serve as a resource for Equity Analysts and PMs to consult on potential uses of fundamental and alternative data in the investment process. Keep current on latest trends in machine learning and quantitative techniques. Create visualizations to share the analysis and insights to the Equity Analyst and PMs.
Provide quantitative insights into the investment process – Facilitate a process for effectively incorporating quantitative insights into the fundamental investment process. This would include responding to ad hoc requests from analyst as well as proactively providing periodic reviews and updates to PM’s and analysts on their holdings and portfolio positioning.
Coordinate between fundamental research, quantitative research, and the technology data center – Work effectively between existing resources in the Quantitative Equity Group, Quantitative Fixed Income, Multi-Asset Research, and New York Technology Center. Act as a liaison between fundamental research and quantitative research teams to complete data science projects.
Success Measures:
Collaborative behavior with key stakeholders – Analysts, PM’s, Quant Team, Technology, Distribution
Raise awareness and create a “pull” for a data science overlay with fundamental investors
Positive impact on investment results
Qualifications (Required):
B.S. in a quantitative discipline (i.e. Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics)
Outstanding analytical skills, both quantitative and qualitative
Excellent skills in statistics/econometrics and proficiency in programming languages, such as R, Python or Matlab, and a demonstrated ability at applying those skills to modeling problems
Strong communication skills and ability to communicate complex statistical concepts to business users
Strong people skills, team-orientation, and a professional attitude
Qualifications (Preferred):
M.S. in a quantitative discipline (i.e. Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics)
3-5 years of relevant experience in applying quantitative methods in investing
Experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Qlik Sense, RStudio Connect)
CFA charter or commitment to obtain one
T. Rowe Price is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity of thought, gender, and race. We believe our continued success depends upon the equal treatment of all associates and applicants for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, religion, creed, colour, national origin, sex, gender, age, mental or physical disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, citizenship status, military or veteran status, pregnancy, or any other classification protected by country, federal, state, or local law.",3.7,"T. Rowe Price
3.7","Baltimore, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1937,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
125,Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you have a passion for E-Commerce, marketing products, working with data and enjoy a start-up feel? If so, keep reading!

SEFA is a nationwide network of leading supply and equipment dealers and manufacturers. We are proud to be the industry’s leading foodservice buying, marketing and training group.

We are seeking an E-Commerce Product Data Analyst to join our fun, fast-paced and forward-thinking web start-up team in our Schaumburg, IL office. The ideal candidate has equal part technical and marketing skills to manipulate masses of product data to build highly converting product pages for E-Commerce website.

Must Have:
At least 2 years of true product merchandising experience for online business
Experience working in NetSuite
Analytical, operational and creative mindset
Desire to dig into massive amounts of product data
Absolute and total mastery of Microsoft Excel to manipulate large amounts of product data
Use of database programs for inspecting, cleansing, assembling and building robust product database
Familiarity with SEO best practices
Experience cleaning and manipulating 800,000 or more lines of data
Knowledge of E-Commerce website taxonomy and product categorization
Excellent copywriting skills
Energetic, self-motivated and a team-player
Decisive, structured and organized, with an extremely keen eye for detail
Ability to work under pressure
Self-starter who is not afraid to create something out of nothing
Responsibilities:
Reviewing and refining manufacturer data with many fields and preparing for website to build highly converting product pages
Quickly assembling and writing product titles, descriptions, and specifications
Owning product page content and product data optimization to increase site conversion
Procuring product imagery and all digital assets
Owning product digital merchandising process
Consistently improving product display on site through enhanced product attributing
Understanding all facets of product pricing
Analyzing product performance to develop merchandising strategies that drive revenue
Maintaining website category tree
Performing product research within industry to keep up with latest trends
Using Google Analytics to determine merchandising opportunities
Utilizing strategic thinking and high level of business acumen to help make data driven decisions to propel business forward.
More about SEFA:

At SEFA, we deliver business support services to our network of distribution partners in the foodservice equipment and supply industry. We have a work-hard, play-hard culture and while our mission is big, we try to keep things light. We are extremely TEAM focused with a “work for one another” approach. We have a happy, productive workplace, and we are constantly trying to improve. You will find us hustling on the job and enjoying a laugh.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: Up to $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,SEFA | Supply and Equipment Foodservice Alliance,"Schaumburg, IL",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
126,Junior Inventory / Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary *
Position is responsible for assisting the Inventory Manager & purchasing team by utilizing various reports and industry knowledge to analyze large sets of data in an effort to make stocking recommendations for company-owned store group as well as other warehouse locations.
General Functions*
· Present inventory analysis using a variety of databases/reports to suggest recommendations to appropriate management staff.

· Manipulate data in an effort to streamline the way in which inventory is managed as well as purchased.

· Provide regular and specialized inventory analysis and reporting for management via internal software programs.

· Take initiative in identifying and resolving issues pertaining to inventory levels and purchasing habits.

· Collaborate with team members to prepare for strategy meetings.

· Accurately complete all tasks within given time constraints

Accurately complete all tasks within given time constraints
Requirements*
· Two or four year college degree, or equivalent work experience required

· Strong analytical, quantitative, and analysis skills

· Excellent problem solving skills and strong attention to detail

· Strong computer skills; Extensive experience with Microsoft Office applications including MSWord, Power Point; intermediate to advance Excel skills required.

· Access database knowledge is extremely helpful.

· Ability to independently develop new Excel models, charts and graphs, and procedures as necessary.

· Ability to work on multiple tasks at the same time.

· Solid written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal communication skills.

Knowledge of automotive aftermarket industry is a serious plus
Company Information*
We are a supplier of automotive parts and accessories with a history in the automotive aftermarket industry dating back to 1958. Our company is comprised of full service warehouses, pick-up warehouse and retail stores that distribute parts within a fifteen state geographical reach from Midwest through the Northeast and down to the Mid-Atlantic states.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
inventory/data analyst: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Associate (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.hahnauto.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.4,"Hahn Automotive Warehouse, Inc.
3.4","Rochester, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Automotive Parts & Accessories Stores,Retail,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
127,Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company is seeking a Data Analyst to assist senior data analysts in managing, updating, documenting and expanding capabilities of databases and tools using MS Office based products to support the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) logistics and contracting services; assist in gathering, design, creation, programming, modification, documenting processes and routine maintenance and updating of databases or other data analysis tools used for tracking, managing and analyzing procurement related data elements, KPI's, metrics and data to support continuous process improvement initiatives; provide research and analytical support for reporting and presentations required by management; interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.

Strong interpersonal skills in communication and writing is required. May be required to provide training on the databases and tools to staff. Must possess working knowledge of and experience with MS Office Applications (Microsoft Access, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, and Project), Visual Basic for Applications(VBA), supply chain processes, logistics and business to business procurement or contracting processes. Must be able to obtain a Level IT II access in the Federal Government. EEOC

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $50,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
MS Access and Excel: 3 years (Required)
federal government contracting processes: 3 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
www.palcorp.net
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"PAL Services
2.6","Richmond, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
128,Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Make-A-Wish® America, we are more than a great place to work — our work is life-changing. Together, we create life-changing wishes for children with critical illnesses. Nearly 40 years ago the inspiration for Make-A-Wish began with one little boy's wish to be a police officer. Today, together with our volunteers, donors, staff and supporters, Make-A-Wish has granted more than 500,000 life-changing wishes and transformed countless lives.

THE TEAM

Make-A-Wish America is the national headquarters for our organization, providing resources and support for our 60 Chapters around the country. The Information Technology team is comprised of a diverse team of technologists responsible for building and operating the technologies that enable Make-A-Wish to grant the wish of every eligible child. The Information Technology team is focused on providing innovative solutions across these key areas: Operations, Security, Applications, Infrastructure, Governance, and Analytics.

THE ROLE

The Data Analyst role is a key contributor to our mission by supporting data governance initiatives to ensure data quality and enable greater insights from internal and external information.

WHERE YOU COME IN

As a Data Analyst at Make-A-Wish America you will:
Support the planning, preparation, translation, and execution of data flows and migrations between enterprise platforms.
Evaluate enterprise data and identify opportunities to improve data through governance.
Develop data integrity checks and leads remediation efforts with stakeholders.
Evaluate requirements for data gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, and build translation models for the Enterprise Data Warehouse.
Partner with stakeholders and subject matter experts to support ongoing documentation and maintenance of data standards within the enterprise knowledgebase.
Partner with stakeholders to identify and implement data enrichment throughout the enterprise.
Evaluate enterprise data to identify emerging trends.
WHAT YOU’LL NEED
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Information Systems, Finance, Industrial Engineering or related field
2+ years relevant experience as a Data Analyst
Ability to write and interpret SQL-based queries
Familiarity with translation tools, Master Data Services
Experience with Power BI
Ability to be to be successful and adapt in a matrix organization
Growth mindset, inspired to innovate and solution
Strong organizational skills to handle multiple projects and deadlines


WHAT WE OFFER
Competitive compensation with annual incentive potential
Comprehensive benefit package: Medical, Vision, Dental, Wellness*
Health and Flexible Spending Account Options
Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability and Life Insurance*
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
15 PTO days, 10 Sick Days, 10 Paid Holidays, and 2 Personal Days
Maternity Leave
Educational Tuition Assistance
Employee Awards and Recognition Programs
Individual and Leadership Development
Discounts and special offers for theme parks, events, hotels, concerts, and movie tickets
*Make-A-Wish America pays the monthly premiums for employees participating in the HSA qualified healthcare, vision, dental, and short/long term disability plans.

We are more than a great place to work - our work is life changing. We are an inclusive and diverse group of people who, through a mosaic of backgrounds, thoughts, and experiences are united in purposeful work. We are fueled and guided by our values - values that are represented in the inspired people we work with and the transformational work we do every day.

We respect and ensure equal opportunity, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, perceived disability and other legally protected characteristics.

Required Skills

Required Experience

Job Location
Remote,",3.8,"Make-A-Wish Foundation of America
3.8","Phoenix, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1980,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
129,Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our client is seeking a Data Analyst to join their team. The candidate will play a key role in turning data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions.

Responsibilities of the Data Analyst:

Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
Develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Filter and “clean” data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.

Requirements of the Data Analyst:

BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics.
Proven working experience as a data analyst.
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc.), databases (SQL, etc.), programming (XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks).
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS, etc).
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
IND3",3.9,"The Intersect Group
3.9","Smyrna, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
130,"Senior Business Analyst, Data Management",$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Senior Business Analyst, Data Management will be part of a team focused on the design, development and delivery of key operating metrics across the Plymouth Rock enterprise.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:
Align metrics across the enterprise and document associated business logic and definitions.
Effectively manage projects of high complexity and maintain documentation of key decision points.
Analyze needs of various business stakeholders to identify and implement the best solution.
Coordinate business & IT data project discussions.
Design and implement test plans.
Validate data quality against business requirements.
Conduct post-release / post-implementation testing.
Ensure that datasets are maintained according to best practices.
Maintain a comprehensive library of technical terminology and documentation.
Build relationships and provide excellent customer service to internal and external business partners.
Ensure that the final product satisfies the requirements and meet end-user expectations.
Spot areas for improvement to enhance the team’s efficiency.
Qualifications and Education:
A Bachelor's degree from an accredited four-year college or university.
Understanding of and experience within the insurance industry is required.
Property and casualty industry experience preferred.
Expert SQL skills and experience with a data visualization / BI tool (Tableau).
Proficient working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite products specifically Excel.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Analytical and problem-solving abilities, with keen attention to detail.
Demonstrate strong organizational and time management skills in a project-based environment.
Ability to prioritize work independently, ensuring accuracy while meeting rigid deadlines.
Confidence in taking ownership of challenging business issues, making decisions with limited or incomplete data and seeing issues through to resolution.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.6,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.6","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
131,Senior Finance Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Qualys is seeking a Senior Finance Data Analyst with a strong experience in data management and financial reporting and systems. Responsibilities include establishing and maintaining Master Data standards and items within the Qualys systems and monitoring and validating the integrity of data as well as supporting corrective actions related to variances to standard. He/she will also help maintain systems and manage information used for financial administration and key financial metrics and reporting and assist in setting up automated reporting and financial analysis.

Responsibilities include:
Implement, optimize, and maintain financial systems and augment it with a separate data warehouse as needed
Create, maintain, monitor, and analyze all master data in ERP & CRM and integrated solutions
Ensure and enhance data quality and train users to ensure continuity of results
Provide creative yet logical approaches to solving data problems
Perform various levels of data validation across multiple systems
Create and manage the data dictionary to support change management efforts
Draft and maintain policies, procedures, and other documentation to ensure uniform, accurate, and consistent data are present
Provide testing support for upgrades and releases, including integration testing from various sources to target systems
Assist in setting up hierarchies and maintain consistency across different systems
Assist with data and analysis requests, providing detailed backups and explanations as needed
Build and support complex planning and forecasting models using the Anaplan platform
Build Anaplan Visualizations
Set up and automate reporting and charting and analyze trends and patterns
Perform other ad hoc responsibilities as necessary
You are:
A strong team player with a positive, service-oriented attitude who drives process improvements to increase effectiveness of the team and minimize room for errors
Hands-on, detail-oriented, and organized; prior experience having gathered, structured, monitored, and validated data to ensure data integrity and detailed documentation; has developed a habit of checking the accuracy of data and analysis several times over before submitting for review
A self-starter and high-achiever with a focus on doing a great job
A superior problem solver, possessing the initiative to look into the details and interpret the impact of key business drivers
Excellent multi-tasker who has strong time and project management skills and understands the importance of planning in advance to meet deadlines that include multiple review points and iterations
Strong communicator, both written & verbal; reliable and responsive to email and phone communications
Highest level of integrity and good judgment with the ability to effectively deal with highly sensitive, confidential information
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Accounting/Finance/Business or related field
Minimum of combined 4 years of hands on experience building Anaplan models and/or master data management in an ERP or CRM system
Experience querying data from a native source (ERP, CRM or database). Understanding of backend data and database structures
Experience partnering with FP&A and to deliver insightful information
Hands on experience with NetSuite, Salesforce, and Admin is a plus
High proficiency with Excel is a must, including ability to build automated Excel models from scratch (e.g., vlookup, sumif, iferror, etc.); VBA, SQL and ODBC knowledge preferred
Data organization and management skills. Technical expertise with data models, data import methodologies, database design development, and data mining; preferred experience with a BI tool",3.0,"Qualys
3.0","Foster City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
132,Data Analytics Engineer-Business Intelligence Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Analytics Engineer-Clinical Services
Summa Health System
Full-time, w/benefits

Summa Health System is recognized as one of the region’s top employers by a number of third party organizations, including NorthCoast 99. Exceptional candidates gravitate to Summa because of its culture, passion for delivering excellent service to our patients and families commitment to our philosophy of servant leadership, collegial working relationships at every level of the organization and competitive pay and benefits.
Summary:
Works with a team of technologists (Data Engineers and Visualization Engineers) to deliver insights across various aspects of Summa Health’s operational, financial, and clinical activities with the goal of leveraging data to drive and realize the full potential of the organization’s programs.

Minimum Qualifications:
Formal Education Required:
-Bachelor’s degree in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, or related discipline
Experience & Training Required:
-Five (5) years of experience in a previous analytics role in healthcare domain involving healthcare data analysis to optimize business operations
-Knowledgeable about the workings of integrated healthcare systems, health plan, research, and community programs
-Experience in analyzing healthcare data using statistical methods to optimize business operations and communicating their findings using data visualization and detailed reports

Other Skills, Competencies and Qualifications:
-Analytical mindset with good problem-solving skills
-Excellent written and verbal communication skills
-Acumen for analytics needs of an integrated health system how to use data to achieve those needs.
-Ability to effectively interact with populations of patients/customers with an understanding of their needs for self-respect and dignity
-Ability to summarize results and develop effective business presentations.
-Ability to interact with populations both technical and non-technical, with an understanding of their needs for self-respect and dignity
-Strong, critical thinker with ability to extend knowledge of information systems and applications to business processes and to cross team collaboration. Ability to explain complex, technical concepts to lay audiences and non-IT staff.
-Basic knowledge of data warehousing, data marts
-Experience with one or more Summa application platforms is desirable including Soarian Financials, DSS, HQ/HI, Epic/CarePATH and tools (RWB, Clarity, Caboodle, Radar, SlicerDicer, Registries), CostFlex, e-ClinicalWorks, GE Centricity, Lawson, Pentaho, SAS, Tableau.

1. Work with senior leaders within a line of business and across the enterprise to establish a measurement plan focused on outcomes
2. Work as a data strategist to identify and integrate datasets, data components, and attributes from various information systems to leverage information for business programs and objectives
3. Communicate, advise senior leaders about utilizing all relevant data, including clinical, operational, exposome, social determinate, economic and financial, to drive programmatic growth and achieve strategic outcomes
4. Gather baseline data information to understand current state and improvement opportunity
5. Identify data requirements based on analytical processes to measure the outcomes
6. Conduct descriptive/statistical analysis of the data set to validate hypothesis
7. Define the business requirements / specifications and user interface (Wireframes and Mockups)
8. Work with other members of CoE to develop mission control dashboards that measures the timely performance to outcome
9. Validate, deploy mission control dashboards
10. Educate Mission end users and advocate adoption of analytical tools
11. Support rolling out new insights, which are a result of discovery and exploratory exercises conducted, by citizen data analysts / scientists.
12. Ensuring that mission control insights remain relevant to achieving the desired outcome
13. Confirming that stakeholders are utilizing mission control in pursuit of that outcome
14. Surfacing new insights to drive continuous improvement
15. Communicate findings to stakeholders; implement improvement efforts as needed.

Level of Physical Demands:
Light: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to ten pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force continuously.
#LI-AV1",3.6,"Summa Health System
3.6","Akron, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1926,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
133,Associate Enterprise Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"*** Please note, Remedi SeniorCare does NOT provide visa sponsorship****
Remedi SeniorCare is looking for an energetic IT professional to become a part of the Enterprise Data Analytics department. This person will work on a small team that will work directly with the business at all levels in developing reports and maintaining an operational data store that is critical to the ever changing business needs.
This person should be self-motivated, organized, and have strong communication skills. This role requires frequent interactions with the corporate executive team to design enhancements to our systems and create reports.

Identify key reports providing metrics for financial analysis and business operations (75%)
Work with stakeholders to develop and document reporting needs in user stories for iteration work (25%)
Utilize standard templates to translate user requirements into technical specifications in a clear manner for developers and QA.
Create workflow diagrams and technical diagrams to provide direction to developers, QA, and data architect.
Document and communicate changes, enhancements, and modifications of business requirements – through written documentation – to project managers, developers, and other stakeholders so that issues and feasible solutions are understood.
Proactively identify data discrepancies and quality issues; work to ensure data consistency and integrity with subject matter experts and data architect.
Become a SME in our data and reports so that stakeholders can understand information presented
Assess source data and identify anomalies, gaps, and lack of conformity
Design, test, validate, and publish key business intelligence reports out of Qlik
Supporting initiatives for data integrity and normalization
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Gather user requirements via interviews, questionnaires, surveys, workflow storyboards, use cases, scenarios, and other methods.
Analyze and verify data requirements for completeness, consistency, comprehensibility, feasibility, and conformance to data governance standards.
Conduct peer and stakeholder reviews of business requirements to ensure that specifications are correctly interpreted.
Develop report prototypes based on the user requirements.

Excellent listening, interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills.
Experience with relational databases – concepts and querying – Microsoft SQL Server and BI Stack preferred
Proficient with Microsoft Excel and other Office components
Experience with database reporting tools, Microsoft SSRS preferred
Strong analytical skills to understand and process complex data and then communicate to end users
Work experience as a data analyst or in related field
Ability to understand complex database design/structure with limited documentation
Ability to work with business users at all levels of the organization to gather requirements, document processes and create technical specifications
Ability to translate technical concepts into requirements.
Ability to work in a Scrum environment with formal iterations
Proven experience with business and reporting requirements analysis, elicitation, modeling, verification, and test case development.
Prior data visualization software experience a plus but not required (Qlik, Tableau, etc.)
Strong desire to learn new technologies",3.2,"Remedi SeniorCare
3.2","Towson, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
134,Data Quality Analyst (RN),$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Analyst-Data-Quality - Bariatric Services 001 - Full-Time, Day - Ascension Medical Group

Work Schedule: 8:00am-4:30pm, Monday-Friday. Opportunity to work remotely and travel to office location Troy, MI will occur.

This is a busy and growing Bariatric office. In this role, you will abstract and analyze bariatric surgery data and generate reports to assure compliance with state and national accrediting bodies for quality improvement in bariatric surgery. Additionally, you will assist with the program education of team members and physicians as related to quality improvement and accreditation requirements; and prepare required reports and recommendations for improvement to hospital administration, medical director and bariatric surgeons. Data interpretation skills, knowledge of statistics and proficiency in the use of Google sheets and Google docs are necessary.

Why Join Ascension?
In Michigan, Ascension operates 16 hospitals and hundreds of related healthcare facilities that together employ over 20,000 associates. Across the state, Ascension Michigan is working together to help bring patients more resources and better care. Ascension Michigan is also committed to its community; it provided over $272 million in community benefit and care of persons living in poverty in FY2018. Ascension Michigan is dedicated to spiritually centered, holistic care which sustains and improves the health of individuals and communities.
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.
Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension-Michigan, you will have the opportunity to conduct quality data analysis and clinical decision support for designated system(s).

Responsibilities:
Supports measurement and system improvement. Develops quality, safety, reliability and customer satisfaction metrics and analytics.
Collaborates on metric development, reporting system design and design and delivery of routine and ad hoc reports.
Develops approaches to presenting information including presentations and communications. Supports advance project management, improvement initiatives and tactical decisions/plans.
Benchmarks national best practices and makes recommendations for change as appropriate.
What You Will Need

Licenses/Certifications/Registration:

Preferred Credential(s):
Registered Health Information Technician credentialed from the American Health Information Management Association (AHIMA).
RN License preferred
Education:
Diploma
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Work Experience:
None required.
Minimum two years experience with surgical patient care preferred
Minimum two years experience with bariatric surgery patient care is strong preferred
RN License preferred",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Madison Heights, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
135,Senior Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Mission
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.

Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category, and that’s just the beginning. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution, and other things we haven’t even dreamt up yet. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living at a societal level. But the key to us being successful in our mission isn’t just about nailing the technology—it’s about hiring the talented people who can help us make a quantifiable impact in the world. We’re growing our world-class team.
And that’s where you come in.

The Role
The Senior Data Analyst will work with teams (product, marketing, engineering, data science, CX and business owners, etc.) to measure, understand, and monitor key business metrics across our mobile apps and websites. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working with datasets across a variety of systems (SQL, Firebase,...).
This role will be responsible in delivering ad-hoc analysis with actionable insights and translating stakeholders’ priorities into dashboards. As an early member of the analytics team, you’ll have many opportunities to make a meaningful impact by helping develop how we do analytics as a company.

All applicants for this job posting must complete the simple challenge.
Must have:
Previous experience(s) in an early stage startup in an analytics role. Not everything has been built yet and data is often messy or incomplete. This role is just as much of doing the difficult work to design the core system as it is in getting reliable analytics results.

Skills and Experience:

Degree in quantitative or business fields preferred
Prior experience in a consumer organization is a plus
Web and mobile analytics experience using a variety of tools
Proficiency with Firebase and/or Google Analytics
Experience using SQL
Python experience is a great plus
Experience with web and mobile tagging, including tag management system (GTM, DTM,...)Ability to build and manage dashboarding tools (Data Studio, Redash, Tableau,...)
Strong analytical skills
Team player
Highly organized, attention to detail and curious

Salary & Benefits:

Salary: We invest in first-rate people and pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of vacation + six weeks of parental leave, and great work-life balance. Our office building offers on-site shower and bike stalls, and panoramic views of San Francisco.
Location: Due to COVID-19 our teams are all working remotely through 2020. We provide an in-home office set-up including laptop, monitor, ergonomic desk, chair and other items as needed
Location: Post COVID-19: San Francisco, CA near Montgomery Bart Station
BlueOwl, LLC is an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf",4.5,"Blue Owl
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
136,PMC: Senior Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"PMC: Senior Data Analyst

COVID-19 HIRING UPDATE: We have transitioned to a remote work model and are continuing to hire during this time. This role is expected to begin as a remote position. We appreciate this is unprecedented times and will work closely with you, taking into account your individual circumstances.

PMC is seeking a Senior Data Analyst who will turn data into information, information into insight, and insight into business decisions. This role will support the subscription strategy team and work heavily with paywall and engagement tactics to drive revenue growth. This position can be based in our West LA headquarters or can be remote in the following states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Delaware, Idaho, Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon, New York, Texas.

Responsibilities
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing visualization and reporting;
Develop and implement data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality;
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems;
Process confidential data and information according to guidelines;
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets;
Filter and clean data to ensure accurate analysis;
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs;
Training end users on new reports and dashboards;
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Requirements
Work experience as a senior data analyst or in a related field;
Technical expertise regarding data models, data mining and segmentation techniques;
Experience in handling large data sets and relational databases;
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, SQL databases, programming (python, XML, JavaScript);
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, R or SPSS);
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy;
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings;
Visualization expertise (Looker/Tableau/PowerBI/etc);
Ability to translate business requirements into non-technical, lay terms. High-level written and verbal communication skills. Comfortable presenting analysis.
BS/MS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics a plus.
About PMC:


Penske Media Corporation (PMC) is a leading digital media and information services company whose award-winning content attracts a monthly audience of more than 180 million and empowers more than 1 million global CEOs and business thought-leaders in markets that impact the world. Our dynamic events, data services, and rich content entertain and educate todays fashion, retail, beauty, entertainment and lifestyle sectors. Headquartered in New York and Los Angeles with additional offices in 11 countries worldwide, Penske Media is the way global influencers are informed, connected, and inspired. To learn more about PMC and its iconic brands, visit www.pmc.com.",4.3,"Penske Media Corporation
4.3",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
137,Data Analyst Lead,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Summary:

In this role, you will work in collaboration with stakeholders from various departments within the organization to provide advanced data-driven solutions, business insights and support decisions. As a senior analyst in the analytics team, you will have a sound knowledge and experience Statistical Models, Data Mining, Machine Learning, building analytical solutions to deliver insights, insights communication and presentation, as well as demonstrating the ability to combine advanced analytics skills with exceptional business acumen. In addition, you will be key to the success of the department's goal of creating a reliable foundation for ongoing reporting and analytics.
Develop a deep understanding of the key initiative of the organization, and be able to provide analytical solutions that provides actionable recommendations to drive the success of the key initiatives.
Develop models and dashboards to help stakeholders better understand key drivers of hospital performance initiatives (e.g. hospital acquired conditions, safety events, length of stay, and other strategically important topics), and proactively come up with ideas to explore and uncover new findings and improve process efficiency.
Provides technical development expertise for designing, coding, testing, debugging, documenting, and supporting all types of analytical products consistent with the established specifications and business requirements in order to deliver business value.
Participates in development of standards, design and implementation of proactive processes to collect and report data and statistics on assigned systems.
Communicate analytical findings and recommendations in a clear and concise way to non-technical audiences, both in oral and written presentations.
Use Hypothesis-driven approach to drive design, implementation and analysis. Then provide executive level recommendations based on findings and directed next actions.
Work closely with Information Management teams to automate recurring tasks and improve processes to continually increase efficiency
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, or discipline is required. Master's degree is preferred
Minimum of three (3) years of experience required, five (5) years preferred, of leveraging analytics to drive business decisions
Proficiency with programming languages, automation tools and stats packages (e.g. python, SAS, hive, R) preferable
Experience with Statistical Models and Data Mining techniques.
Experience with BI/visualization packages, preferably MicroStrategy
Must demonstrate exceptional analytical skills with business acumen
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks etc.
Must have communication skills and the ability to develop and present solutions to all levels of management (including executive levels).
Project Management skills and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously to meet objectives and deadlines
Must have demonstrated the ability to solve complex problems with minimal direction.
Must be able to interact effectively and patiently with customers especially while under pressure.
Ability to establish and maintain positive working relationships with other employees.
Strong background in analysis, design, development, testing and support of business needs
Work Type:

Full Time",3.5,"CHRISTUS Health
3.5","Irving, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1869,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
138,Sr. Big Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Consumption team of Decision Sciences and Transformation (DSaT) department is seeking a highly motivated Technical Business/Data Analyst to start or continue an IT career at GEICO on the Big Data project.
Teaming up with software engineers, scrum masters, leads, managers and directors, you will work in an Agile environment to make application data ingested from various partner systems consumable on the Big Data Atomic Layer.
In this role, you will coordinate with a variety of IT departments to elicit and translate high level business requirements into detailed system requirements. You will participate in the entire software development lifecycle by writing and executing test plans, finding solutions to issues during development and after deployment. You should be intellectually curious, have a solutions-oriented attitude and enjoy learning new tools and techniques.

Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
o Strong SQL, data mapping, and data profiling skills
o Working knowledge of Big Data and the Hadoop Ecosystem
o Assists developers with more complex and detailed projects including root cause analysis, gap analysis etc.
o Knowledge of Data transformation, Data management & ETL processes
o Excellent time management skills and attention to detail is required
o Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
o Strong problem-solving ability, critical thinking skills, creative/innovative thinking
o Ability and desire to learn new skills and techniques
o Ability to thrive while working on ambiguous or challenging projects
o A Bachelor's degree in a computer or information technology or currently enrolled in a degree program
Desirable Qualifications:
o At least 2 years’ experience on writing queries using SQL
o Proficient in SQL and able to extract & validate data using SQL query
o Project Management experience
o Experience documenting business and system requirements, processes, workflows and test plans
o Experience with Relational Database (Microsoft SQ, Oracle or DB2)
o Ability to work independently while supporting multiple projects in a dynamic environment
o Understanding of software development, web technologies, and testing approaches
#LI-SB1 #DI-SB
The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
GEICO Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply
Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
139,SAP Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION PURPOSE:

The Data Analyst will be part of the OWI Analytic team, working closely with our business partners, proactively developing and delivering analytic solutions. The primary deliverables include creating data visualization such as Dashboards, Charts, Histograms and Projective Analysis. This will be accomplished by utilizing OWI data architecture, data workflows from local data sources.

OWI is a fast-paced and dynamic organization. Individuals will be handling multiple activities in a team as well as individual contributor environment.

DUTIES, TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Experience and expertise creating visualizations that provide business insights for our global customers. Examples: Pie Charts, Dashboards, Cash-flow projections with Histograms– Projections analysis– Financial Analysis – KPI’s Service level Agreements
Expertise in SQL, independently mine data to translate Business data needs into creative visualizations.
Performance tuning specific to Tableau data sets– requires in depth understanding of data.
Assist the Enterprise Data Warehouse team create, design data models that will be published to our Tableau environment.
Assess data quality, design data quality management procedures, clean and correct data quality defects, establish data governance.
Experienced utilizing HANA studio including calculations and analytical views, data base schemas, creating attribute user/role creation.
Assist setting up security, Analytic privileges, user integration services, SQL script, SLT, SDA, SDI and HANA Live solution models.
Demonstrate critical thinking, analytical skills, and employ judgment to offer thoughtful, concise input toward resolutions of problems.
Assist team building the BW4HANA modeler including standard and custom development and deployment of EWD design building BW objects e.g. Composite Providers, Advanced DSO’s, ODS Views, Data Sources, Data Loading using SLT.
Requires the skill set to work with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams and data analysts/scientists to develop data visualizations that provide business insights
Finance/Operations/Sales/Marketing/IT functional leads PTP/PTM/RTR etc.
Projects management capabilities - include requirements gathering, design, deployment, and change request, future enhancements management
Capabilities to build/design prototypes to demo to stakeholders - peer groups, Business partners, and senior leaders.
Training and support peers and stakeholders e.g. Subject Matter Expert (SME) throughout the report creations and support - troubleshooting, analysis of results.
Leadership skills needed to successfully promote ideas, coordinate work activities, and plan deliverables within a project team.


SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES:


Advanced expert database handling languages (SQL and variants)
Experience with data analytics, diagrams, data dictionary, data mapping, normalize de-normalize, agile data modeling
Practical skill sets in BI and Data visualization tools
Working knowledge of ETL
Working knowledge of SAP
Basic Project Management and Business Process modeling
Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering Technology, Computer Science, or closely related field.
A minimum of 3 years’ experience in Tableau, SAP Data Governance, SAP Data Services (Data Extract, Data Profiling, de-duplication)
Advanced competency in Tableau and Alteryx
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong focus on the ability to clearly articulate and discuss technical issues with both technical and business personnel.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Math or a related IT field or equivalent work experience in an IT field required
Strong analytical skills, able to effectively solve problems in a timely manner",3.1,"Old World Industries
3.1","Northbrook, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
140,Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"This position is responsible for collecting and cleansing data, conducting data analysis and performing software support including the testing of software as well as building software documentation for multiple internal and hosted applications at the ELCHC. These applications and data sets support families, assists in evaluating program performance and drives other key process improvement functions to support contractual obligations. The Data Analyst collaborates with key business users to ensure requirements are met and report specifications are delivered accurately and completely.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES*
· Evaluate business requirements to build data sets from multiple sources for business reporting purposes

· Create daily, weekly and monthly reports on children, providers, assessors, enrollments and terminations

· Ensure the accuracy of reporting

· Manage and update provider changes on multiple systems as needed

· Migrate data between multiple database applications

· Develop and maintain internal and external business applications and corresponding reports

· Perform software testing and document errors and processes for improvement

· Provide departmental support in developing and standardizing processes for coalition operations using data sets

· Perform first-line user support, technical assistance and troubleshooting for business applications and reporting, both for internal and external users.

· Create and manage user accounts and permissions for all applications

· Perform additional responsibilities as required

· Support other special projects as needed
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES*
None
QUALIFICATIONS*
Associates degree from an accredited institution in business administration, Information Technology or other closely related field; a combination of education and previous experience may be considered
Minimum 2 years experience in data management and/or data analytics; Early Learning Coalition database experience preferred
2+ years of experience using Tableau
1+ years of experience using or reporting from MIP Fund Accounting Software
2+ years of experience with SQL Server Reporting Services or other relational database reporting tool
Experience using and managing service desk software such as Zendesk
Ability to interpret and draw conclusions from data sets
Intermediate skills in Microsoft Office and Teams is essential
Experience with Agile, SDLC, project management and/or process improvement (Six Sigma) will be given preference
This position requires successful completion of the level 2 background screening standards as set forth in s. 435.04, F.S.
Physical Activity/ Work Conditions*
· *Work Environment: *This job operates in a general office setting. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, copiers/fax machines. While performing the duties of this job, the employee frequently interacts with staff, vendors, and the general public in person and via telephone and email.

· *Physical Demands: *While performing the duties of this job, the employee will be required to sit for prolonged periods of time, at a desk, utilizing a computer and reviewing online and paper documents. The employee will also be required to lift and move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and move up to 50 pounds.

· *Position Type and Expected Hours of Work: *This is a full time position. Standard hours are Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Evening and weekend hours may be required.

_The statements in this Job Description are intended to describe the general nature and minimum level of work required. The content should not be construed as a complete list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required to meet the criteria for this position. Upon request, reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. __Early Learning Coalition of Hillsborough County does not discriminate against employees or clients based on race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, familial status or any other characteristic protected by Federal and State law. The coalition will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as Amended (ADAAA). We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law._

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $40,000.00 - $52,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
data management or data analytics: 2 years (Required)
Company's website:
www.elchc.org
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"EARLY LEARNING COALITION OF HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY
4.0","Tampa, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
141,Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Analyst to join our team based in Falls Church

Requirements:
Must have good interpersonal and communication skills both verbal and written.
Must have strong time management and organizational skills, attention to detail and ability to multitask.
Must have a good understanding of data structure and management.
Must be organized, self-motivated, and self-directed.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Desired Skills:
A fair understanding of SQL, Python and R is a plus.
Experience in developing Pivot Tables/Charts as well as complicated formula is desirable.
BI Dashboards
QLIK OR Tableau
Excel:
V lookup
Data Validation
Data Clean up
Education:
Must have a bachelors degree (in a similar discipline preferred) in any related field.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go tohttps://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
142,"Data Analyst, Wish X",$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Wish is a mobile e-commerce platform that flips traditional shopping on its head. We connect hundreds of millions of people with the widest selection of delightful, surprising, and—most importantly—affordable products delivered directly to their doors. Each day on Wish, millions of customers in more than 160 countries around the world discover new products. For our over 1 million merchant partners, anyone with a good idea and a mobile phone can instantly tap into a global market.

We're fueled by creating unique products and experiences that give people access to a new type of commerce, where all are welcome. If you’ve been searching for a supportive environment to chase your curiosity and use data to investigate the questions that matter most to you, this is the place.

Job Description

Wish is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to support our Wish X Team in San Francisco. The role entails driving analytics insights and enable senior leadership to make effective, analytically driven decisions, in particular area of logistics and customer support. The ideal candidate should be passionate about Wish and e-commerce, has a strong analytical and consultative mindset, deep understanding of databases and data visualization, the ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment delivering against tight deadlines, and a passion for scaling operations through automation.

What you'll be doing:
Work cross-functionally with technical team and business teams (specifically WishX)
Work on high priority & new programs to help expand Wish’s product offerings including B2B initiatives & Wish Local (brick & mortar stores partnered with Wish)
Conduct insightful analysis to gain insights that will help drive business decisions
Provide concrete recommendations to help ramp up/down new experiments
Prioritize & manage business stakeholders’ adhoc requests related to new programs
Conceptualize and build centralized tools (including pipelines) that can extract data/insights for daily business management in an automated manner
Develop dashboards and visualizations for the business stakeholders and maintain the integrity of the reports.
Investigate monetary impact on new programs and assist with ad-hoc requests
Process a large amount of data and do deep dives to understand certain trends/patterns, carry out correlation analysis to identify causes and relatedness.
Qualifications
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in an analytical field or similar.
2+ years of work experience in doing finance/business data analysis.
Proficiency in SQL or other query languages, deep experience and strengths to develop complex queries.
Development experience in at least one scripting language (Python, PHP, Perl, etc.).
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; ability to transform data into business insights and actionable recommendations.
Experience working with large data sets that are structured and partially structured.
Working knowledge of data visualization tools (Looker, Tableau etc.).
Additional Information

Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.",3.4,"Wish
3.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
143,Strategic Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Strategic Data Analyst
Location


Jacksonville, FL

Job Code

1485

# of Openings

1

Apply Now

Product Design Team – Strategic Data Analyst

Beeline is the leading provider of Vendor Management System technologies globally, with many client organizations within the Fortune 1000 group of companies. With our creative and collaborative environment, we ensure high levels of customer service through our technology and services base to ensure fast and reliable solution management.

The Company:

If you love more of a less-formal work environment, flexible paid time off, a competitive compensation and benefits offering - and have a winning attitude, Beeline is for you! Beeline provides software solutions that enable companies to source and manage their extended workforce. As the world’s largest independent provider of contingent workforce solutions, we have the deepest, most seasoned team of contingent workforce experts in the industry and known for the great care we take with clients and our employees alike. To learn more, visit https://www.beeline.com/careers/
Overview

Beeline is looking for an exceptional Data Analyst to join the Product Design team. You will deliver analyses and provide insights that impact the entire company and, more importantly, our users. This role requires a strong level of analytical horsepower and communication skills to effectively analyze and tell the story behind the data. We’re excited to have you uncover opportunities to deliver an ideal user experience and uncover insights that help inform strategic decision making.

As a Data Analyst on the Product Design Team you will help drive the definition & adoption of our Product Analytics capabilities. You will also own the organization’s User Experience metrics and champion the use of quantifiable data as part of Product’s decision-making framework. The insights you provide will help assist in the creation of user-focused and intuitive products, interfaces and solutions.

What you get to do in this role:
You will collaborate with Product Design, Product Strategy, and Product Development team members to analyze data and generate insights that enable decision making and accelerate time to insight
Gather business requirements from stakeholders on analytics initiatives and translate them to technical requirements and solution wireframe
Develop product analytics requirements documentation, process workflow diagrams, functional specifications for capturing key activities our users might take within our software, and other supporting documentation for analytics initiatives
Leverage data visualization tools (like PowerBI) to design & develop dashboards and other visualizations to provide business stakeholders access to your insights and information
Develop dashboard and report prototypes and mock-ups with respect to the UX/UI Best Practices and have impactful UI Design
Identify new data requirements and work with the development teams to incorporate new data signals
Collaborate on Product Design initiatives involving Data Visualization & Data Insights features
In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:
A passion for using data to generate insights, an innate curiousity.
Strong foundations in standard query languages like SQL and willingness to learn PowerBI
Working knowledge of a visualization tool like Tableau or Power BI or Spotfire
Strong ability to recognize and predict use cases and user interaction, including happy path as well as edge and corner cases
Enthusiasm for learning and working with multiple data sources, mining, analyzing and deriving insights to improve business decisions/ processes
Ability to manage time wisely across projects and competing priorities, meet agreed upon deadlines, and be accountable for work.
Strong analytical and problem-solving ability and be able dive into technical details and design analytics solutions
Understanding of database design & development, optimizing queries, handling facts, dimension data are a plus
Excellent verbal/ written communication, presentation, and documentation skills
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Excel and one of MS Word or PowerPoint/ Visio or similar products is essential
Experience in working with a cross-functional team or large-scale software development lifecycle using agile methodologies.
Desired Education & Certification

While we do value education and experience, your talent can trump any or all of these. The kinds of learning experience we look for will be a BA or equivalent degree in Data Visualization, Graphic Design, Human Factors or a related field. Education or experience in a technical field such as data science, physical science (chemistry, physics, etc.), computer science, or mathematics is also a huge plus.
Ability and desire to drive change through high-energy, can-do attitude; comfortable working in a high-performance, entrepreneurial, open-door environment;
Must be an outstanding communicator and team player who demonstrates attention to detail, and who also understands how to ensure finance initiatives that support the long-term strategy of the business;
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills;
Ability to work autonomously;
Attention to detail / detail oriented.
Don't know everything listed here? Good. Neither do we. Join us and we can learn together.

This list of ""Requirements and Responsibilities"" are not intended to be limiting. The Company reserves the right to revise this job description based on the actual job requirements as varied from time to time.

At Beeline, we cultivate a positive work environment and are passionate about who we are and what we do. We are looking for talented, driven, and adaptable people who will contribute to our vision, mission and our future! Ideal candidates are intensely curious about globalization and technology, exhibit a can-do attitude, and approach their work with vigor and determination. Candidates should have demonstrated the ability to learn quickly and work effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment, and be excellent at multi-tasking.

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled",4.7,"Beeline
4.7","Jacksonville, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
144,"Data Analyst, CPG",$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Shipt is a membership-based marketplace that helps people get the things they need. Our friendly shoppers handpick fresh groceries and household essentials and deliver them to members in as soon as one hour.

What You'll Gain

We are looking to add an data analyst to the Data Science team to help build out the world of CPG analytics and reporting at Shipt. The CPG analytics team has a hand in molding catalog data, building insightful reporting, and providing strategic recommendations to our brand partners. The ideal candidate will be data-driven, intellectually curious, and a clear communicator.

Your responsibilities
Scope, create, and iterate on Tableau dashboards designed to provide insight and drive action for our CPG team and external brand partners
Dive into specific brand and category performance, and tie member behavior to sales patterns to help inform the department's strategy for promotions
Find opportunities for improvement in current reporting to bolster the data offering Shipt markets to CPG partners
Requirements
2+ years of experience with data analysis and turning data into insights and recommendations
Strong SQL skills are required (we use Snowflake and Postgres)
Experience with a Business Intelligence tool is required (e.g., Tableau)
Nice to Have
Experience working in the CPG or ecommerce world is a plus
Experience with R or Python is a plus
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.5,"Shipt
3.5","Birmingham, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Product Rental,Consumer Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
145,IT Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"An IT Data Analyst is responsible for working as part of a team to create, enhance and maintain custom reports that are relied upon to effectively and efficiently run the business. An IT Data Analyst is also heavily involved in the ETL process by helping to identify source systems for required data and assisting in the building of data cleansing procedures.

Develop custom reports to address business needs
Conduct exploratory meetings with business partners to generate ideas on how data and reporting can be used drive operational efficiencies, as well as new business opportunities
Participate in all aspects of Scrum, including but not limited to daily stand-ups, estimation meetings, demos and retrospectives
Work with vendors and the internal software development team to retrieve and manage required data
Design tables in the data warehouse in such a way that enables drilldown reporting
Create and update stored procedures that are part of the ETL process
Assist in the automation of manual data analytic efforts

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Degree in Data Analytics or equivalent experience
2+ years creating reports in a BI tool
At least 1 year of professional experience writing queries in SQL/T-SQL
At least 1 year of professional experience working in a relational database
PowerBI experience a plus
Strong analytical skills
Detail oriented with the ability to multitask
Self-motivated individual with excellent written and verbal communication skills
A willingness to work both independently and in a team-oriented environment
This employer participates in E-Verify. If hired, the employer will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.",4.1,"Union Home Mortgage
4.1","Strongsville, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
146,"Senior Analyst, Data Loss Prevention",$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Analyst, Data Loss Prevention
Location


Arlington Fairfax

Business Function

IT

Apply Now

Position: Senior Business Analyst

Department: Cybersecurity

Status: Full-Time

Reports to: Director, Data Protection

Office: Arlington, VA

Company and Department Overview

Cambridge Associates is a leading global investment firm. We work with endowments, foundations, health care organizations, pension plans, and private clients around the world to build investment portfolios that help them meet their objectives within a set of risk parameters unique to each organization. We offer a variety of services to provide portfolio management services that complement the institution’s own resources. Committed to independence since our founding more than 40 years ago, we are motivated only by what is best for our clients.

Our clients trust the experience, leadership, and integrity of our investment professionals. With more than 1,200 employees in ten locations around the globe, this extensive network helps us to identify and access the best global investment opportunities all over the world for our clients’ portfolios.

CA maintains an information security program which sets the policies for accessing, collecting, storing, using, transmitting and protecting electronic, paper and other records. The purpose of this program is to establish administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect information that is owned, licensed, stored or maintained by CA. The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) oversees the program with the support of a dedicated team of information security professionals.

Description

Financial consulting firm seeks a Business Systems Analyst to join its Cyber Security team. The position supports the firm’s data protection program by documenting and analyzing existing data systems, data threats and vulnerabilities. The position is also responsible for assisting with the design and management of projects to improve the firm’s data protection capabilities.

The position provides an opportunity to build on prior experience with database systems, enterprise information systems and data architecture, as well as cyber security and data protection. As a member of the firm’s Cyber Security team the Business Systems Analyst is expected to contribute to the day-to-day administration of the firm’s security program, as well as its future design and development.

Responsibilities
Document enterprise data at rest and in-use, including data locations, physical and logical data flows.
Analyze normal data usage patterns, including business process analysis, user behavior analysis, and user personas.
Analyze existing data-loss threats and vulnerabilities
Assist with the implementation of a framework for classifying sensitive data.
Assist with the formulation, promulgation and enforcement of data loss prevention policies, including data use, access control, data encryption and obfuscation policies.
Assist with the selection, implementation and usage of data loss prevention tools, including CASB, data classification, DLP, SIEM and EDR.
Participate in the ongoing monitoring of potential data loss.
Support and participate in the security incident response team.
Analyze potential data-loss breaches to determine their impact and root cause.
Upgrade data-loss security measures and controls.
Partner with representatives of IT and other key business organizations to advance data security initiatives.
Develop a high-level of trust with stakeholders to ensure on-going commitment
Foster a team environment, open to communication and collaboration
Preferred Qualifications
3+ years’ work experience related to information systems development and engineering (software design, database administration, network engineering, business process improvement, and/or information systems design)
2+ years business analysis experience with a technical focus, including systems design and support
2+ years’ experience with SQL and data modeling
2+ years’ experience generating diagrams and flow charts for existing and new processes
2+ years’ experience with technical documentation
2+ years’ experience with the investment management and/or the investment services industry.
Knowledge of, and experience with cloud-based information systems (e.g. Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure/Office 365, Salesforce, SharePoint, Box, Dynamics)
Cybersecurity training and certification (e.g., Security+, SSCP, GSEC).
Experience performing, interpreting, and reporting vulnerability assessments
Knowledge of computer networking and network-based information assurance devices
Experience developing and presenting, orally and in writing, technical information to non-technical audiences and clients
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in a technical, scientific or analytical discipline.
Demonstrable knowledge of, and experience with the implementation and support of data information systems in a professional setting.
Candidates must be eligible to work in the US without sponsorship.",3.4,"Cambridge Associates, LLC
3.4","Arlington, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
147,Senior Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Senior Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision. This position also utilizes machine-learning to build models for implementation into production systems that are in line with the business' strategic objectives and values. This role will also demonstrate a good understanding of the business operations and datasets available in the healthcare industry.

In This Role You Will...
Analyze and interprets various types of data across the organization, identifying new metrics for measuring results as well as monitoring current metrics for trends. Ensures that all analysis is actionable for business process owners, enabling leaders of key areas to build, implement and identify solutions to address business performance gaps.
Assists in model development related to pricing and forecasting projects for the ministry.
Support in machine-learning and predictive modeling for various analysis not limited to healthcare cost, care management, sales and marketing, and others as applicable.
Develop and summarize conclusions gained from analyzing data using statistical and visualization tools like Microsoft Excel, SQL, Tableau and others
Builds accurate, complex datasets for use by the ministry, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Identifies and addresses expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of analytics, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings. In addition, the analyst will work with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Effectively communicates and presents relevant findings to all levels of management.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Strong proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Strong understanding of modern business analytics technology
Skill in working with large datasets from multiple, seemingly unrelated sources
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data to ensure accuracy
Ability to effectively and accurately present analytical findings using a variety of tools to senior level management
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to perform complex analysis and make recommendations based on statistical inferences
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to lead in projects and work as a team
Ability to extract internal customer's requirements while assessing if the requested criteria will lead to the expected outcome.
Ability to complete projects on or ahead of schedule
Demonstrated ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
2+ years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.3,"Christian Care Ministry
3.3","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
148,Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

SHIFT: No Weekends

SCHEDULE: Part-time

At HCA Healthcare, we are committed to caring for patients
with purpose and integrity. We care like family! Jump-start your career as a Registered
Nurse Data Analyst today with Redmond Regional Medical Center.

We are
committed to providing our employees with the support they need. At Redmond
Regional Medical Center, we offer an array of medical, dental, and vision
packages as well as several add-on perks to make your benefits package truly
customizable to you and your family needs. Some of our unique
benefits we offer include:
Tuition
Reimbursement/Assistance Programs
Paid
Personal Leave
401k
(100% annual match – 3%-9% of pay based on years of service)
Identity
Theft Protection discounts
Auto,
Home, and Life Insurance options
Adoption
Assistance
Employee
Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)
We are seeking a Registered Nurse Data Analyst for our
facility to ensure that we continue to provide all patients with high quality,
efficient care. We are an amazing team that works hard to support each other
and we are seeking a phenomenal addition like you who feels patient care is as
meaningful as we do. We want you to
apply now!
Job Summary:

Responsible for accurately
collecting and analyzing clinical data and information.
Maintain, organize detail
clinical reports and databases (computer-based)
Maintain confidentiality at all
times
Must be self-motivated and able
to work Independently
Must have great attention to
detail skills and have the ability to interpret and understand clinical
data
Redmond Regional
Medical Center is a 230 bed facility, serving as a referral source for all of
northwest Georgia and parts of Alabama. Including its healthcare partners,
Redmond has over 245 physicians with more than 30 specialties and a support
staff of approximately 1,100 associates.

HCA Healthcare has been continually named a World's Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere
since 2010. In 2018, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.3 billion in cost for
the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated
expenses.

Be part of an organization that invests in you. We are
actively reviewing applications for our Registered Nurse Data Analyst opening.
Highly qualified candidates will be promptly contacted for interviews. Submit
your application and help us raise the bar in patient care!

Qualifications
Current Georgia RN license
Preferred working
experience/knowledge in quality management/improvement.
Requires previous computer
experience – Skills Microsoft Word, Excel and Meditech. Working knowledge
of databases is a plus
Excellent typing skills,
computer skills and communication
Graduate of an accredited
school of nursing
Ability to interpret and apply
measure definitions in the abstraction of information
Ability to analyze data to
identify improvement opportunities
Meticulous Attention to detail
in data collection
Ability organize work to meet deadlines
Good interpersonal skills and a
diplomatic demeanor
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We
do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin,
gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability
status.

Notice

Our Company’s recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.

For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1.",3.3,"Redmond Regional Medical Center
3.3","Rome, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
149,"Sr Analyst, Data Management - Transmission",$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"About us

National Grid is hiring a Senior Analyst, Data Management for our Transmission Asset Systems & Data department in Waltham, MA.

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The

pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.

To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business.
Job Purpose

National Grid strives to make data-driven decisions regarding Transmission assets and how they are managed, maintained, and constructed. Asset Management and Data Management are key capabilities the company needs to strengthen to become world-class Transmission business. There is a gap between where we are today and where we need to be in order to deliver on key growth initiatives. Towards this we are looking for an individual who can develop and deliver these implementation plans.
Key Accountabilities

Act as an interface between Transmission Asset System Data and other organization in Wholesale Networks & Capital Delivery
• Helps turn data into information, information into analytics and help senior management drive business decisions
• Support data quality management and quality metrics capability that will enable business compliance with Data Management Standards
• Working with cross functional teams, stakeholders & partners, participates in gathering and documenting requirements to meet the needs of various projects and initiatives within the Transmission Asset System Data team
• Translate stakeholder requirements into data-oriented system specifications and collaborate with system designers to implement improvement initiatives
• Establish a catalogue of business terms, technical metadata, critical data elements, business rules, quality rules and their associations
• Understand engineering practices and processes and how these impact choices in data models and system architecture
• Develop and provide support in creating business rules, data quality rules and applies data profiling
• Provide support to business to monitor, investigate, remediate and communicate data quality issues
• Apply knowledge of end to end data flow and lineage from capture at source, to transform, to delivery and its business intent at each stage
• In-depth knowledge of Relational Database concepts and proficiency in SQL or other query language
Supervisory/Interpersonal- Experience Required

Ability to communicate to stakeholders at all levels in the organization.
Work well in a team.
Qualifications

Bachelors degree in Engineering, Information Systems, or related areas. Graduate-level degree preferred
5+ years of experience in supporting business in Business Intelligence, Data Management or Asset Management capacity
Experience working with BI tools, SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Informatica IDQ
Knowledge of data governance best practices
Leadership, coaching, persuasion, and relationship building skills
Ability to effectively interact with engineering, IT, and non-technical staff
A genuine passion for the benefits that good data management can bring to an organization
Knowledge of Agile methodology
Preference will be given to candidates who have experience with:
GIS-based data structures and tools (ex: Small World, ESRI)
Data management/profiling tools (ex: Informatica, Collibra, EB Studio)
Power engineering and Transmission system design
Business intelligence and data visualization tools (ex: Tableau, PowerBI)
More Information

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring

and applying technical skills. Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.",3.5,"National Grid USA
3.5","Waltham, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1990,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
150,"Intern - Agile Transformation Analyst, Data & Analytics",$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Agile Transformation Analyst, Data & Analytics Intern
2021 Paid Summer Internship

As an intern for the data portfolio strategy group, you will be a servant leader and coach to help agile teams deliver value to their customers and adopt Agile principles. You will help agile teams communicate with stakeholders, manage risk, drive process improvements, and facilitate agile events and processes. You will also need to embrace the concepts of technology business management and support departmental operational activities including budget management, risk management, and compliance tracking.
What you would be involved in:

Evangelize Lean process excellence principles and kaizen within Enterprise Data and Analytics to define, measure, analyze and improve organizational effectiveness in delivering value.
Assist/Facilitate Program Increment Planning readiness (using Backlogs, and Pre- and Post-PI Planning meetings) and the quarterly PI planning event
Assist tracking the execution of features and capabilities by establishing PI measurement and metrics
Attend periodic synchronization meetings, facilitate feature and capability estimation with agile product teams and assist in rolling-up work items to Epics
Coach leaders, teams, and Scrum Masters in Lean-Agile practices and mindsets
Help manage risks and dependencies, escalating, tracking, and assisting in the resolution of impediments
Work with the Data Portfolio Strategy group on program execution and operational excellence
Qualifications
Working toward a Bachelor’s degree in Business
Administration, Computer Science, MIS or related degree

Knowledge or interest in
the following:
Scrum Master and understanding of common Agile practices,
service-oriented environments, and iterative development practices
IT full development life cycle
Scrum and Kanban Methodologies
Agile product and portfolio management
Scaled Agile Framework
Ability to establish credibility with clients, build
consensus, and achieve goals through influence
Ability to help teams write user stories/epics, identify
dependencies, and design optimal solutions
Flexibility to work with teams, individuals and executives
and willingness to help with a wide variety of work products and people
Excellent interpersonal/communication skills",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
151,Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analyst (Jr),$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description BAE Systems is seeking to hire multiple Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts to help support counterterrorism intelligence integration on a multifaceted U.S. Government program. The ideal Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analyst will leverage numerous analytic tools and databases to evaluate information that bolsters the U.S. Governments response to and prevention of potential threats to the homeland and interests abroad.

Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts are responsible for identifying, gathering, and extracting identity-based intelligence information that enhances and enriches data repositories. Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts will be responsible for addressing intelligence gaps and data validation pertaining to terrorist identity records.

PF1Required Skills and Education
Excellent reading comprehension skills
Experience with MS Office suite
Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables
Ability to work with IC tools and databases
Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs
Ability to work shift work/extended hours
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment
Preferred Skills and Education
BA/BS degree
Demonstrated knowledge of intelligence analysis and experience with synthesizing large amounts of data
Familiarity with analytic tools
Proficiency with software applications/databases used in support of research and analysis for the U.S. Government
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.",3.7,"BAE Systems USA
3.7","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
152,Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Software powers the world, and LaunchDarkly empowers all teams to deliver and control the best software. We serve hundreds of billions of feature flags daily, to help teams ship better software, faster and eliminate risk for companies big and small.

We're based in downtown Oakland and growing quickly. You'll help us tackle some of the most challenging engineering problems around, like how can we deliver feature flags to hundreds of millions of users in milliseconds without breaking the bank.

About the role:
We are looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team at LaunchDarkly. We are growing rapidly, and need reliable and efficient answers for questions that are key to our future. You'll help develop the data, process and insights to power our next stage of growth.

We are searching for a talented Analyst to help us understand business critical data and leverage it across the entire organization. If you are data curious, excited about digging deeply into business data, and motivated by having an impact on the whole company, we want to hear from you.
Responsibilities:
Help create a data practice for the entire company.
Help ensure a data pipeline that is trustworthy and reliable.
Work with stakeholders around the business to understand their needs.
Help stakeholders ask good questions and get valuable insights.
Help answer the business' most pressing questions in repeatable, reliable ways.
Build tools and teach people how to find answers to their own questions
Qualifications:
2 or more years of experience in a hands-on Data Analytics role
Experience conducting data intensive analysis.
A visceral need to dive into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues.
Product- and market-awareness to jump in and quickly understand LaunchDarkly's position and goals.
Expertise in SQL and proficiency in another data programming language (Python, R, etc.).
You may also know (bonus skills):
Experience in both enterprise and consumer environments.
LaunchDarkly is a Feature Management Platform that serves hundreds of billions of feature flags daily to help software teams build better software, faster. Feature flagging is an industry standard methodology of wrapping a new or risky section of code or infrastructure change with a flag. Each flag can easily be turned off independent of code deployment (aka ""dark launching""). LaunchDarkly has SDKs for all major web and mobile platforms. We are building a diverse team so that we can offer robust products and services. Our team culture is dynamic, friendly, and supportive. Our headquarters are in Oakland.

At LaunchDarkly, we believe in the power of teams. We're building a team that is humble, open, collaborative, respectful and kind. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

LaunchDarkly offers:
Full Medical, Dental & Vision insurance
Unlimited vacation
Flexible schedule & work environment
Conference & meetups as an opportunity for everyone
A yearly education stipend for conferences and classes on your own
A budget to personalize your work station",5.0,"LaunchDarkly
5.0","Oakland, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
153,DATA MGMT ANALYST RADIOLOGY,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ensures customers satisfaction through the provision and maintenance of easily accessible, high quality and uninterrupted information services, and systems within the division of Imaging Services. Analyzes, trouble shoots and resolves imaging service network, systems, and related component problems at both northlake and southlake campuses, as well as other offsite facilities.
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES(*Essential Functions)


Ensures the integrity and reliability of all imaging systems by assessing and resolving hardware and software problems, encompassing the hospital infrastructure, client-servers, and stand-alone systems.

Special emphasis to calls arising on evenings, nights, and/or weekends, in order to minimize any system downtime and maintain needed system utilization.

Evaluates and recommends system hardware and software replacements and upgrades, both on an assigned project as well as on ""as observed"" basis.

Maintains accurate and adequate inventory levels of supplies and parts, including all necessary and related record keeping of usage, orders, and replacements.

Maintains an up-to-date understanding of the overall structure, interrelatedness, and operations of the hospital infrastructure, remote users, LANS, stand-alone systems and personal computers.

This is essential in order to provide complete and timely services to customers, especially in critical off-hours.

Maintains complete and accurate records, in accordance with the imaging service's policies and procedures, of all requests for assistance and all other project completions.

Provides emergency, routine, and preventive maintenance to all system hardware components.

Immediate efforts to emergency or unexpected breakdowns that present a system (or key component thereof) slowdown or halt.

Repairs imaging services system hardware including personal computers, printers, data communication equipment, related wiring and peripherals.

Represents imaging services both within and outside the hospital for all system related activities as assigned by the Director.

Assists in establishing continuing education on all system functions for imaging services and other hospital personnel as needed.


JOB SPECIFICATIONS(Minimum Requirements)



KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES

Local area networking experience, specifically, or 4-5 years relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience.

Experience including Imaging Services operations including reporting schedules, office procedures, processing and reporting workflow.

Excellent computer skills, experience with interfacing and programming preferred.

A high degree of independent action and exercise of correct judgment is a must, along with creativity, initiative and professionalism.

Developed verbal and written communication skills are required.

Strong interpersonal and organizational skills, and a high degree of fine motor skills and visual accuracy required.

Ability to organize and prioritize work in order to complete assignments within designated time frames.

Ability to work with little or no supervision and to professionally handle stressful situations.

Must be professional, courteous, a self-starter, and must have a positive attitude.



EDUCATION


Bachelors Electronics Preferred

Bachelors Computer Science Preferred

Associates Radiology Required

Including reporting schedules, office procedures, processing and reporting workflow.

4 Information Technology Required

5 Healthcare/Medical - Radiology (Imaging and Therapy) Required



STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR

Meets the Standards of Behavior as outlined in Personnel Policy and Procedure #1, Employee Relations Code.


CONFIDENTIALITY/HIPAA/CORPORATE COMPLIANCE

Demonstrates knowledge of procedures for protecting and maintaining security, confidentiality and integrity of employee, patient, family, organizational and other medical information. Understands and supports the commitment of Methodist Hospitals in adhering to federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations governing ethical business practices for healthcare providers.


DISCLAIMER - The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. The statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required.",3.2,"The Methodist Hospitals
3.2","Merrillville, IN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1941,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
154,SAP Data Analyst,$81k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:
The SAP Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data and the ERP architecture to support business intelligence. In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies and controls to ensure enterprise data is accurate, complete, secure and reliable. The SAP Data Analyst will oversee data structures, design the ERP reporting strategy and provide system training. The SAP Data Analyst will ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the process to support the data quality. The analyst must be proficient with SAP reporting tools and willing to keep up with industry trends for continuous improvement.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Define reporting requirements and analyze data for business intelligence and systems integration.
• Establish enterprise master data requirements and troubleshoot issues with cross-functional teams.
• Consults with users to develop an understanding of business needs and support those needs using application and tools.
• Manage production support activities for all user requests using Exelixis’ ticketing system.
• Utilizes Exelixis IT department policies, methodologies, standards and guidelines with regard to systems development and/or software package selection.
• Manages business and technical subject matter experts to implement and maintain systems.
• Conducts research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
• Maintain current and create new system documentation as needed; coordinates with Finance Systems Analyst to perform testing of system modifications.
• Develops or coordinates system training including educational tools and materials.
• Maintains regulated systems and audit IT general controls for compliance (SOX, 21 CFR Part 11).
• Generates and maintains computer system’s validation documentation, if required.
• Project management of system upgrades and implementations.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and seven years of related experience;
• MA/MS degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and five years of related experience;
• Equivalent combination of education ad SAP reporting experience in an active support role.

Experience:
• Financial background is strongly encouraged as this position will need to have a good understanding of financial concepts and reporting requirements.
• Seven years working experience with SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP BW. Experience in report design and analyzing data structures is required.
• S/4 HANA, SAP Analytics for Office and other add-in reporting experience, such as Tableau, is strongly desired.
• Experience authoring and/or executing functional specification documents.
• Experience participating in audits for GxP or SOX compliance preferred
• Experience with GxP Validated Computer Systems is preferred.
• Experience in drug discovery, pharmaceutical or related industry is preferred.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Applies solid analytical and business communication skills.
• Strong financial reporting background and knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Identifies and implements methods and procedures to achieve results.
• Ability to lead the work of other by providing guidance to teams based on organizational goals and company policy, with responsibility for results, including costs and methods.
• Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles (SDLC), theories, concepts and techniques.
• Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
• Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
155,Senior Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Doximity is transforming the healthcare industry. Our mission is to help doctors be more productive, informed, and connected. As a Data Analyst, you'll work within cross-functional delivery teams alongside other analysts, engineers, and product managers in discovering data insights to help improve healthcare.

Our team brings a diverse set of technical and cultural backgrounds and we like to think pragmatically in choosing the tools most appropriate for the job at hand.

About Us
Here are some of the ways we bring value to doctors
Here is an introduction to our tech stack
We use UNIX command-line interface and standard programming tools (vim/emacs, git, etc.) and have over 350 private repositories in Github containing our applications, forks of gems, our own internal gems, and open-source projects
We have worked as a distributed team for a long time; we're currently about 65% distributed
Find out more information on the Doximity engineering blog
Our company core values
Our recruiting process
Our product development cycle
Our on-boarding & mentorship process
Here's How You Will Make an Impact
Leverage Doximity's extensive datasets to identify and classify behavioral patterns of medical professionals on our platform.
Play a key role in creating both product and client-facing analytics.
Inform data team strategy by working with the product leaders and managers. Actively participate in execution and some planning of organizational data team strategy.
Collaborate with a team of product managers, analysts, and other developers to define and lead data projects from data ingestion to analysis to recommendations.
About you
At least 5 years of professional experience as a data analyst.
Advanced knowledge of statistical concepts, especially exploratory data analysis techniques, and probability theory. Some exposure to machine learning methods (regressors, classifiers, etc.).
Advanced SQL skills to create and evaluate complex statements involving numerous tables and data relationships.
Proficient in Python and well versed in object-oriented programming concepts and testing as it relates to data and Python.
Proficient in distributed data processing concepts and execution (e.g., working with column stores, leveraging spark, etc.)
Excellent visualization and storytelling skills to explain your results and solutions to the stakeholders, clearly and compellingly.
Fast learner; curiosity about and passion for data.
Benefits
Doximity has industry-leading benefits. For an updated list, see our career page
More info on Doximity

We're thrilled to be named the Fastest Growing Company in the Bay Area, and one of Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies. Joining Doximity means being part of an incredibly talented and humble team. We work on amazing products that over 70% of US doctors (and over one million healthcare professionals) use to make their busy lives a little easier. We're driven by the goal of improving inefficiencies in our $3.5 trillion U.S. healthcare system and love creating technology that has a real, meaningful impact on people's lives. To learn more about our team, culture, and users, check out our careers page, company blog, and engineering blog. We're growing steadily, and there's plenty of opportunities for you to make an impact.

Doximity is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law.",4.7,"Doximity
4.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
156,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst - 20123976

Hillrom is a $2.9B leading worldwide manufacturer and provider of medical technologies and related services for the health care industry, including patient support systems, safe mobility and handling solutions, non-invasive therapeutic products for a variety of acute and chronic medical conditions, medical equipment rentals, surgical products and information technology solutions. Hillrom's comprehensive product and service offerings are used by health care providers across the health care continuum and around the world in hospitals, extended care facilities and home care settings to enhance the safety and quality of patient care.

Description

Contribute to the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions utilizing SQL language and various datasets.
Help to accelerate project related revenue through data forecasting, PMO metrics, and aid in room-by-room conversion tracking.
Provide enhanced visibility to the revenue backlog, as well as develop a method to achieve four-quarter revenue forecasting while maintaining compliance with ASC606 requirements.
Provide administrative support to the PMO in gathering information, documentation, and certifications by partnering with field-based project management team members to understand current project status against project plan
Demonstrates excellent communication skills with daily collaboration and interaction with field service personnel, project management, all levels of service leadership, and quality assurance and regulatory affairs to complete required tasks.
Gathers, analyzes and reports accurate business and financial data that is critical to business decisions and utilizes critical thinking skills to interpret the data.
Assists in continuous improvement projects, training and/or initiatives that drive business/financial results.
Coordinates documentation and facilitates communications regarding the required documentation of pending, in progress and completed installations of Care Communications product systems.
Collects and reviews Device History Records (DHR) for accuracy and completeness prior to submission to document control in accordance with FDA acceptance activities standards.
Collects and merges customer contact data for satisfaction surveys.

Qualifications

1-3 years of experience with PowerBI, SQL (Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, BigQuery) and general report generation
1-3 years relevant analytics experience
Experience with Mavenlink, MS Project, MS CRM, Salesforce, JD Edwards preferred
Demonstrated proficiency with MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily
Ability to communicate effectively and clearly to a wide range of customers
Ability to define problems, identify solutions and follow through to completion
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Information Management, Computer Science Statistics or Finance required

Hillrom is an equal employment employer F/M/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

#INDHR

Job: Technical Service

Primary Location: United States-North Carolina-Cary

Schedule: Full-time

Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time

Posting Entity: Hillrom",3.4,"Hillrom
3.4","Cary, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
157,"Intern - Agile Transformation Analyst, Data & Analytics",$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Agile Transformation Analyst, Data & Analytics Intern
2021 Paid Summer Internship

As an intern for the data portfolio strategy group, you will be a servant leader and coach to help agile teams deliver value to their customers and adopt Agile principles. You will help agile teams communicate with stakeholders, manage risk, drive process improvements, and facilitate agile events and processes. You will also need to embrace the concepts of technology business management and support departmental operational activities including budget management, risk management, and compliance tracking.
What you would be involved in:

Evangelize Lean process excellence principles and kaizen within Enterprise Data and Analytics to define, measure, analyze and improve organizational effectiveness in delivering value.
Assist/Facilitate Program Increment Planning readiness (using Backlogs, and Pre- and Post-PI Planning meetings) and the quarterly PI planning event
Assist tracking the execution of features and capabilities by establishing PI measurement and metrics
Attend periodic synchronization meetings, facilitate feature and capability estimation with agile product teams and assist in rolling-up work items to Epics
Coach leaders, teams, and Scrum Masters in Lean-Agile practices and mindsets
Help manage risks and dependencies, escalating, tracking, and assisting in the resolution of impediments
Work with the Data Portfolio Strategy group on program execution and operational excellence
Qualifications
Working toward a Bachelor’s degree in Business
Administration, Computer Science, MIS or related degree

Knowledge or interest in
the following:
Scrum Master and understanding of common Agile practices,
service-oriented environments, and iterative development practices
IT full development life cycle
Scrum and Kanban Methodologies
Agile product and portfolio management
Scaled Agile Framework
Ability to establish credibility with clients, build
consensus, and achieve goals through influence
Ability to help teams write user stories/epics, identify
dependencies, and design optimal solutions
Flexibility to work with teams, individuals and executives
and willingness to help with a wide variety of work products and people
Excellent interpersonal/communication skills",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
158,Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analyst (Jr),$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description BAE Systems is seeking to hire multiple Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts to help support counterterrorism intelligence integration on a multifaceted U.S. Government program. The ideal Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analyst will leverage numerous analytic tools and databases to evaluate information that bolsters the U.S. Governments response to and prevention of potential threats to the homeland and interests abroad.

Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts are responsible for identifying, gathering, and extracting identity-based intelligence information that enhances and enriches data repositories. Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts will be responsible for addressing intelligence gaps and data validation pertaining to terrorist identity records.

PF1Required Skills and Education
Excellent reading comprehension skills
Experience with MS Office suite
Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables
Ability to work with IC tools and databases
Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs
Ability to work shift work/extended hours
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment
Preferred Skills and Education
BA/BS degree
Demonstrated knowledge of intelligence analysis and experience with synthesizing large amounts of data
Familiarity with analytic tools
Proficiency with software applications/databases used in support of research and analysis for the U.S. Government
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.",3.7,"BAE Systems USA
3.7","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
159,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Software powers the world, and LaunchDarkly empowers all teams to deliver and control the best software. We serve hundreds of billions of feature flags daily, to help teams ship better software, faster and eliminate risk for companies big and small.

We're based in downtown Oakland and growing quickly. You'll help us tackle some of the most challenging engineering problems around, like how can we deliver feature flags to hundreds of millions of users in milliseconds without breaking the bank.

About the role:
We are looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team at LaunchDarkly. We are growing rapidly, and need reliable and efficient answers for questions that are key to our future. You'll help develop the data, process and insights to power our next stage of growth.

We are searching for a talented Analyst to help us understand business critical data and leverage it across the entire organization. If you are data curious, excited about digging deeply into business data, and motivated by having an impact on the whole company, we want to hear from you.
Responsibilities:
Help create a data practice for the entire company.
Help ensure a data pipeline that is trustworthy and reliable.
Work with stakeholders around the business to understand their needs.
Help stakeholders ask good questions and get valuable insights.
Help answer the business' most pressing questions in repeatable, reliable ways.
Build tools and teach people how to find answers to their own questions
Qualifications:
2 or more years of experience in a hands-on Data Analytics role
Experience conducting data intensive analysis.
A visceral need to dive into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues.
Product- and market-awareness to jump in and quickly understand LaunchDarkly's position and goals.
Expertise in SQL and proficiency in another data programming language (Python, R, etc.).
You may also know (bonus skills):
Experience in both enterprise and consumer environments.
LaunchDarkly is a Feature Management Platform that serves hundreds of billions of feature flags daily to help software teams build better software, faster. Feature flagging is an industry standard methodology of wrapping a new or risky section of code or infrastructure change with a flag. Each flag can easily be turned off independent of code deployment (aka ""dark launching""). LaunchDarkly has SDKs for all major web and mobile platforms. We are building a diverse team so that we can offer robust products and services. Our team culture is dynamic, friendly, and supportive. Our headquarters are in Oakland.

At LaunchDarkly, we believe in the power of teams. We're building a team that is humble, open, collaborative, respectful and kind. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

LaunchDarkly offers:
Full Medical, Dental & Vision insurance
Unlimited vacation
Flexible schedule & work environment
Conference & meetups as an opportunity for everyone
A yearly education stipend for conferences and classes on your own
A budget to personalize your work station",5.0,"LaunchDarkly
5.0","Oakland, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
160,DATA MGMT ANALYST RADIOLOGY,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ensures customers satisfaction through the provision and maintenance of easily accessible, high quality and uninterrupted information services, and systems within the division of Imaging Services. Analyzes, trouble shoots and resolves imaging service network, systems, and related component problems at both northlake and southlake campuses, as well as other offsite facilities.
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES(*Essential Functions)


Ensures the integrity and reliability of all imaging systems by assessing and resolving hardware and software problems, encompassing the hospital infrastructure, client-servers, and stand-alone systems.

Special emphasis to calls arising on evenings, nights, and/or weekends, in order to minimize any system downtime and maintain needed system utilization.

Evaluates and recommends system hardware and software replacements and upgrades, both on an assigned project as well as on ""as observed"" basis.

Maintains accurate and adequate inventory levels of supplies and parts, including all necessary and related record keeping of usage, orders, and replacements.

Maintains an up-to-date understanding of the overall structure, interrelatedness, and operations of the hospital infrastructure, remote users, LANS, stand-alone systems and personal computers.

This is essential in order to provide complete and timely services to customers, especially in critical off-hours.

Maintains complete and accurate records, in accordance with the imaging service's policies and procedures, of all requests for assistance and all other project completions.

Provides emergency, routine, and preventive maintenance to all system hardware components.

Immediate efforts to emergency or unexpected breakdowns that present a system (or key component thereof) slowdown or halt.

Repairs imaging services system hardware including personal computers, printers, data communication equipment, related wiring and peripherals.

Represents imaging services both within and outside the hospital for all system related activities as assigned by the Director.

Assists in establishing continuing education on all system functions for imaging services and other hospital personnel as needed.


JOB SPECIFICATIONS(Minimum Requirements)



KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES

Local area networking experience, specifically, or 4-5 years relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience.

Experience including Imaging Services operations including reporting schedules, office procedures, processing and reporting workflow.

Excellent computer skills, experience with interfacing and programming preferred.

A high degree of independent action and exercise of correct judgment is a must, along with creativity, initiative and professionalism.

Developed verbal and written communication skills are required.

Strong interpersonal and organizational skills, and a high degree of fine motor skills and visual accuracy required.

Ability to organize and prioritize work in order to complete assignments within designated time frames.

Ability to work with little or no supervision and to professionally handle stressful situations.

Must be professional, courteous, a self-starter, and must have a positive attitude.



EDUCATION


Bachelors Electronics Preferred

Bachelors Computer Science Preferred

Associates Radiology Required

Including reporting schedules, office procedures, processing and reporting workflow.

4 Information Technology Required

5 Healthcare/Medical - Radiology (Imaging and Therapy) Required



STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR

Meets the Standards of Behavior as outlined in Personnel Policy and Procedure #1, Employee Relations Code.


CONFIDENTIALITY/HIPAA/CORPORATE COMPLIANCE

Demonstrates knowledge of procedures for protecting and maintaining security, confidentiality and integrity of employee, patient, family, organizational and other medical information. Understands and supports the commitment of Methodist Hospitals in adhering to federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations governing ethical business practices for healthcare providers.


DISCLAIMER - The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. The statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required.",3.2,"The Methodist Hospitals
3.2","Merrillville, IN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1941,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
161,SAP Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:
The SAP Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data and the ERP architecture to support business intelligence. In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies and controls to ensure enterprise data is accurate, complete, secure and reliable. The SAP Data Analyst will oversee data structures, design the ERP reporting strategy and provide system training. The SAP Data Analyst will ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the process to support the data quality. The analyst must be proficient with SAP reporting tools and willing to keep up with industry trends for continuous improvement.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Define reporting requirements and analyze data for business intelligence and systems integration.
• Establish enterprise master data requirements and troubleshoot issues with cross-functional teams.
• Consults with users to develop an understanding of business needs and support those needs using application and tools.
• Manage production support activities for all user requests using Exelixis’ ticketing system.
• Utilizes Exelixis IT department policies, methodologies, standards and guidelines with regard to systems development and/or software package selection.
• Manages business and technical subject matter experts to implement and maintain systems.
• Conducts research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
• Maintain current and create new system documentation as needed; coordinates with Finance Systems Analyst to perform testing of system modifications.
• Develops or coordinates system training including educational tools and materials.
• Maintains regulated systems and audit IT general controls for compliance (SOX, 21 CFR Part 11).
• Generates and maintains computer system’s validation documentation, if required.
• Project management of system upgrades and implementations.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and seven years of related experience;
• MA/MS degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and five years of related experience;
• Equivalent combination of education ad SAP reporting experience in an active support role.

Experience:
• Financial background is strongly encouraged as this position will need to have a good understanding of financial concepts and reporting requirements.
• Seven years working experience with SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP BW. Experience in report design and analyzing data structures is required.
• S/4 HANA, SAP Analytics for Office and other add-in reporting experience, such as Tableau, is strongly desired.
• Experience authoring and/or executing functional specification documents.
• Experience participating in audits for GxP or SOX compliance preferred
• Experience with GxP Validated Computer Systems is preferred.
• Experience in drug discovery, pharmaceutical or related industry is preferred.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Applies solid analytical and business communication skills.
• Strong financial reporting background and knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Identifies and implements methods and procedures to achieve results.
• Ability to lead the work of other by providing guidance to teams based on organizational goals and company policy, with responsibility for results, including costs and methods.
• Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles (SDLC), theories, concepts and techniques.
• Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
• Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
162,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

PCG is searching for proven Data Analysts to define data requirements and functional specifications that will drive improved environment and analysis that align to business objectives.
Compensation: $80,000 to $120,000 Annually
Benefits Offered: Medical, Dental, Life, 401K
Employment Type: Full-Time
IDEAL CANDIDATE
3+ years’ experience in, data cleanup, report definition and development and backend database transactions
Skilled with several of the following: Access, Excel, SQL, Dynamics SL, Dynamics, Epicor, and IQMS, Oracle, MatLab, Tablean, and Queries
Solid analytical, quantitative and problem-solving skills, with the ability to use statistical analysis and modeling
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILTIES
Take data in existing access database and clean and update the data
Determine functionality of current system and business processes for both current and future state
Assess current situation of the state of the information in the access database, solidify requirements, provide a resolution, and execute solution
Take multiple opinions and guide teams to a common ground
Code reviews and feedback
Requirements definition/ documentation
Lead requirements gathering sessions using multiple techniques
Implement new technologies
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
BS or AA in computer science or equivalent related work experience
Demonstrated excellence in data manipulation and data visualization skills
Excellent communication, time management, and teamwork skills
Experience with data cleansing, data conversion and ETL initiatives
Proficient with multiple scripting languages, version-control systems
Data validation, testing, and impact analysis experience
Experience with security and related issues, solutions and technologies
Excellent system-level thinking and the ability to move up and down the stack",4.4,"Project Consulting Group
4.4","Minneapolis, MN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
163,Sr. Data Quality Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Abacus Insights is a mission-driven, start-up technology company that is focused on improving health outcomes, lowering the cost of healthcare, and delivering a more seamless healthcare experience. At our core, we are passionate about advancing healthcare and improving people's lives through technology.

Abacus Insights provides a flexible, efficient, and secure platform that organizes and exchanges data from various sources and formats, allowing healthcare companies to uncover differentiated insights that address their customers' needs. Our employees know that they play an active role in keeping our customers data safe and are responsible for ensuring that our comprehensive policies and practices are met.

With our deep expertise in cloud-enabled technologies and knowledge of the healthcare industry, we have built an innovative data integration and management platform that allows healthcare payers access to data that has been historically siloed and inaccessible. Through our platform, these health insurance payers can ingest and manage all the data they need to transform their business by supporting their analytical, operational, and financial needs.

Through this mission and passion to aid people and population health, we have built a highly successful SaaS business that is heavily funded (since our founding in 2017 we have over 53 million) by leading VC firms who have deep expertise in the healthcare and technology industries. At Abacus, we are solving problems of massive scale and complexity in an industry that is not only ripe for disruption but requires innovation. We see massive growth in our future and would love for you to be a part of it!

Description
At Abacus, we are custodians of data for our clients. This requires efficient processes to manage data implementations, data production, data quality and data security. The Data Analysis function provides insight into different aspects of the data operations function right from raw data files, to the quality of data in the deliverables.

Principal Responsibilities and Essential Duties:
Work collaboratively with Project Management, Operations, Development and Engineering to deliver all contractually required services. Investigates and responds to questions for assigned product lines.
Data Quality Provides data quality analysis and data mining on client-specific data and general healthcare data.
Reviews testing executed by multiple groups
Lead the development of data quality strategy
Assist the Connector Engineering/Tools team with new business requirements and help them with Functional Specifications.
Identify, document and refine standard processes
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in relevant field such as Health Science, Computer Science, Business, or equivalent experience.
5 years' experience with Data Quality in a Healthcare Tech Provider or a health pan.
Strong data manipulation skills.
Strong querying skills.
Strong knowledge of healthcare enrollment, medical claims, and drug claims data required. Additional knowledge of non-traditional data types (health & wellness, workforce productivity, and EMR) preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to multitask and prioritize projects to meet scheduled deadlines.
Strong interpersonal skills required.
Ability to work well independently or in a team environment, and mentor other team members.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
As a mission-led technology company that is helping to drive better healthcare outcomes, Abacus Insights believes that the best innovation and value we can bring to our customers comes from diverse ideas, thoughts, experiences, and perspectives. We are dedicated to building diverse teams, and as such provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment. As well as prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.",5.0,"Abacus Insights
5.0","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
164,Business & Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB DESCRIPTION:
POSITION TITLE: Business & Data Analyst (Multiple Openings)

JOB DESCRIPTION: Responsible for providing data analytics support for the development of robust applications meeting user needs.

JOB DUTIES: Research, document and clarify the current state of global smart mobility, shared mobility, and potential new markets; Survey and analyze mobility data and market vehicle data to understand current vehicle use cases and the transition to future mobility services using big data analysis methodologies; Diagnose technical and business problems and provide creative solutions; Propose and justify new features, use cases, and requirements for success; and Generate necessary reports, presentations, and technical documents.

REQUIRED SKILLS/TOOLS: Knowledge of or experience with data analysis tools (Tableau, Lumira), programming languages (C++, R, Python, Hadoop, Java), data modeling and machine learning algorithms is required.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/
QUALIFICATIONS: U.S. Master of Science degree or foreign academic equivalent degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or closely related field is required. U.S. Bachelor of Science degree or foreign academic equivalent degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or closely related field plus five (5) years of relevant, progressive experience in business/data analysis is also acceptable. Within the foregoing parameters, any suitable combination of education, training & experience is acceptable.
**Documentary verification of education/experience required ***
JOB LOCATION: Campbell, CA

WHERE TO APPLY: Please send resume, credentials, and references by mail to: OSI Engineering, Inc., 901 Campisi Way, Suite 160, Campbell, CA 95008

CONTACT INFORMATION:
Vanessa Wilchez
HR Generalist
B: 408.550.2800 x107",4.6,"OSI Engineering
4.6","Campbell, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
165,DATA PROGRAMMER/ANALYST,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

EDUCATION DEVELOPMENT CENTER (EDC)

EDC is one of the world’s leading nonprofit research and development firms. EDC designs, implements, and evaluates programs to improve education, health, and economic opportunity worldwide. Collaborating with both public and private partners, we strive for a world where all people are empowered to live healthy, productive lives.

The Center for Children and Technology (CCT) is a research and development center within EDC and is based in New York City. We conduct basic, applied, and casual and formative research, working in collaboration with educational, corporate, government and research institutions. We also design and develop prototype software and instructional resources that support engaged, active learning.

EDC is committed to diversity in the workplace.

Job Description

The Center for Children and Technology in EDC’s US Division has an opening for a part-time, temporary data analyst, reporting to the lead researcher, in the New York office.

EDC|CCT is seeking a part time, temporary data analyst to support analyses of a study using large-scale data. The study’s focus is to explore middle school mathematics learning in order to identify ways to meet the needs of struggling mathematics students. This opening is ideal for a graduate student or other individual interested in gaining research experience that leverages large-scale data. This position is based in New York City and requires that the analysis be conducted on-site.

EDC casual employees generally work as needed. This position will offer an average of 10 hours/week from approximately January 2020 to May 2020, with a possibility of extension. The actual hours per week and duration will vary depending on phase and needs of the project and will likely be more in the first month of the project and less in later months. A casual position receives statutory benefits of Social Security contributions, Medicare contributions, unemployment insurance, worker’s compensation insurance and sick leave. A casual position ends when work is complete.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

The person in this position is expected to communicate clearly and courteously; to develop and maintain positive relationships with clients, consultants, collaborators, co-workers, field sites, and funders; and to work respectfully with EDC colleagues. The job requires adherence to EDC policies & procedures.

Under management and guidance, the data analyst provides support in extracting, cleaning and analyzing large datasets (25gb+). Specific responsibilities include:

• Assist lead research associate with data extraction of large data sets

• Develop scripts to clean and manipulate large data sets, including merging and aggregating data and splitting large files into chunks for data analysis

• Develop scripts to conduct basic descriptive data analyses, possibly including aggregating analyses across chunked files

• Document and share analytic approach with colleagues so that they can replicate the processes

• Provide solutions in reducing memory use of analyzing large datasets

Qualifications

This position requires educational achievement; excellent writing skills; demonstrable initiative, creativity, and flexibility; ability to work independently and effectively in groups; and strong interpersonal & organizational skills. Specific requirements:

• Degree required: Bachelors: Computer Science, Statistics, or other related field

• Degree preferred: Masters: Computer Science, Statistics, or other related field

• 1-3 years of experience programming and analyzing data in research or industry

• Thorough understanding of data cleaning and analyzing large-scale data

• Experience in at least one programming language used for very large datasets (Python, Java, etc)

• Experience in mining large data sets in a team setting

• Strong organizational skills and problem solving skills

• Excellent oral and written communication skills

• Conduct analyses and meet with colleagues on-site at the New York office

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",4.0,"Education Development Center, Inc.
4.0","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
166,"Senior Data Analyst, Project Controls",$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Under the direction of the Senior Manager of Project Controls, the Senior Data Analyst will develop reporting, analyze, evaluate and forecast project controls data. The analyst will also collaborate across San Manuel Band of Mission Indians (SMBMI) & San Manuel Casino (SMC) business operations to gather requirements for report development and/or in depth analysis. Will share activities with project controls team and grow the Project Controls department analytics/BI and process initiatives. The Senior Data Analyst will be required to use independent judgment, provide report and recommendations to Project Controls leadership team.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities

1. Responsible for project financial planning and forecasting, report development and automation with visualizations software.

2. Develop automated reporting and adhoc reporting for Project Controls team and leadership as needed (SAS Enterprise Guide).

3. Meets with Project Controls team as necessary to provide information and address departmental issues, such as system interruptions or critical data integrity issues.

4. Define and gather information from Financial system of record as needed to enhance the Project Controls Data Structures.

5. Perform duties such as: validating, financial capital planning, cash flow analytics, break even analysis, creating KPIs, and tracking methodologies.

6. Provide guidance and lead information gathering sessions with Project Managers in adherence to approved project controls policy and procedures.

7. Work closely with Project Managers, Procurement Managers, Financial Analysts, Legal, Finance/Accounting, and Data Services to ensure timely approvals.

8. Perform other duties as assigned to support the efficient operation of the department.

Education/Experience/Qualifications
Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, auditing, or related field required.
Minimum of five (5) years of analytical experience is required.
Demonstrated experience working with relational databases and enterprise reporting tools required.
Experience with software programs Tableau and Lawson is preferred.
Equivalent combination of education and progressive, relevant and direct experience may be considered in lieu of minimum educational/experience requirements indicated above.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Access is required.
Employee must have experience demonstrating the utmost discretion and confidentiality.
Certificates/Licenses/Registrations
At the discretion of the San Manuel Tribal Gaming Commission you may be required to obtain and maintain a gaming license.
A qualified candidate/employee must have a valid drivers license with an acceptable driving record as determined by the companys insurance carrier.
San Manuel Band of Mission Indians and San Manuel Casino will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

As one of the largest private employers in the Inland Empire, San Manuel deeply cares about the future, growth and well-being of its employees. Join our team today!",3.4,"San Manuel Band of Mission Indians
3.4","Highland, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
167,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"We have an opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Duties & Responsibilities
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Candidate will be reviewing and analyzing non-standard format data and transforming it to a standardized format for ingestion into a Big Data and a Structured data environment.
Conducting full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design.
Monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements.
Requirements
Knowledge and experience in programming languages (Python)
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc.), databases (SQL etc.), programming (XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
Active Secret clearance required
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.1,"NetImpact Strategies
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
168,Senior Healthcare Data Analyst - Cost and Utilization Analysis,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary:

The Senior Healthcare Data Analyst is responsible for providing analysis and recommendations regarding the Utilization and Cost of Behavioral Health Services at Community Behavioral Health.This position will provide analysis of based on Budget to Actual utilization and PMPM of services as well as coordinate with various departments including Finance, Data Informatics, Clinical and Provider Network Management in the determination of recommendations regarding Utilization and Cost findings.

Essential Functions:

·Coordinate with various CBH teams and departments through effective communication, report generation, solution development and team building.

·Provide or work with various departments to provide, and present various complex financial analyses and reports to Utilization Management Committee, the Clinical, Finance and Network Operations Departments.

·Maintain, modify and create SQL code used for financial analysis and reports.

·Identify, research and bring to resolution any issues with the financial data and reports.

·Develop detailed financial projections.

·Review monthly Quality Assurance Reports prior to issuance to Finance Executive Staff.

·Coordinate the processing of compliance claims adjustments and reporting results to the Compliance Department.

·Development of Value Based Contracting Models and Evaluation of Value Based Contracting.

Position Requirements:

·Education: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics or Mathematics

·License/Certification: N/A

·Relevant Work Experience: Minimum of 5 years of experience in financial forecasting and analysis

·Skills:

·Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Office applications

·Proficient in using SQL, including querying and troubleshooting

·Thorough understanding of data manipulations and reconciliation

·Excellent analytical skills

·Excellent interpersonal and verbal and written communication skills

·Able to work independently",3.3,"Community Behavioral Health
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
169,Optical Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Introduction


ASML US, including its affiliates and subsidiaries, bring together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler, Arizona, San Jose and San Diego, California, Wilton, Connecticut, and Hillsboro, Oregon.

Job Mission


ASML is seeking an experienced data analysis engineer with expertise in processing of images for metrology process development of ultra-high precision flat optics and ceramics. This person will join the Advanced development center in Wilton, Connecticut - A Research and development team focused on proto-typing of next generation wafer/reticle clamping systems. The main job function is to understand the existing coatingand etching systems and process, to extend / improve capability and to solve challenging engineering problems associated with achieving nanometer scale precision.

This position may require access to controlled technology, as defined in the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. § 730, et seq.). Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to access such controlled technology prior to beginning work. Business demands may require the Company to proceed with candidates who are immediately eligible to access controlled technology.

Job Description


The main focus of this position will be:
Develop / improve image processing algorithm to extract nm flatness, roughness, morphology and chemicalinformation from scientificimaging equipment like interferometer, SEM, AFM.
Integrate algorithm from developers in to image processingsoftware package for analysis and process development cycles for engineering and manufacturing users.
Maintain Version controlled software package for multiple product generations.
Perform software testing to identify application, algorithmand software bugs.
Validate/ verify / regression test software to ensure it meets the business and technical requirements.
Developed machine learning model to predict trends and behaviors relating to lifetime and cycle time improvement of the product.
Develop & execute roadmap of analysis, software, and systems, to mitigate product & process risk and prevent software performance issues.
Lead the design team in software analysis tool development to find solutions to difficult technical problems in an efficient manner.
Develop/ maintain /improvedatabase structures and capabilities.
Write Matlab scripts to search analyze and plot data from Database.
Support query code to interrogate data for manufacturing and engineering needs.
Support image analysis on data and derive conclusions.
Some travel ( ~ 10%) to Europe, Asia, and within the US can be expected.
Education


Minimum: Bachelor degree in Computer Science / electrical engineer / optical engineering with minimum of 4 years’ experience in developing signal processing & image processing algorithm and software or equivalent experience.

Preferred: Master's degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 2 years of related experience; or PhD degree in similar disciplines.

Experience
Experienced in software like: MATLAB, Python, C/C++.
Experienced in scientificimage/signal /data process algorithm, statistics and software development.
Theoretical expertise in to image/signal /data processing, Transfer Function Convolution, filtering and data fitting techniques.
Clear understanding in: optical measurement techniques like interferometry, scatterometry, optical sensor, Imagingsystems, etc.
Familiarity with Software Configuration Management.
Personal skills
Have strong written and oral communicative skills and a commitment to achieving results on time.
Demonstrated “team player” with a quality orientation and interpersonal skills.
Be able to interface with multidisciplinary groups and work effectively in a team and be willing to take on responsibility, follow through and keep multiple simultaneous assignments on schedule.
Be able to quickly acquire technical knowledge from documentation and on-the-job training and be capable of thoroughly investigating technical issues (analytically and hands-on in a lab).
Be willing to own the integrated systems performance, and support the entire product life-cycle (development through sustaining engineering), strive to deliver the right design solution for the right cost at the right time.
Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
Can learn and apply new information or skills.
Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
Strong customer focus and commitment to customer satisfaction through prioritization, quality, efficiency and professionalism.
Ability to complete assignments with attention to detail and high degree of accuracy.
Proven ability to perform effectively in a demanding environment with changing workloads and deadlines.
Result driven-demonstrate ownership and accountability.
Identifies bottlenecks and drives improvements.
Work independently or as part of a team and follow through on assignments with minimal supervision.
Demonstrate open, clear, concise and professional communication.
Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with manager, co-workers and customer.
Work according to a strict set of procedures within the provided timelines.
Other information


The Advanced development center in ASML Wilton, Connecticut is seeking is seeking an seeking a well-rounded engineer with direct experience in optical data analyst. Advanced development center in Wilton, Connecticutis an multi-disciplinary group of engineers and scientistsfocused developing on learning loop solutions, proto-typing of next generation wafer/reticle clamping systems and industrialization of proto-types that meet the system performance requirement.

Role within Office
Responsibilities:
Routinely required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch. Occasionally required to move around the campus.
Occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
May require travel dependent on business needs.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability

Internal Reference: #LI-KG1",3.6,"ASML
3.6","Wilton, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
170,Construction Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


At Cumming, you will work on some of the world's most exciting projects in a dynamic environment where your success is measured by the impact you make. We are one of the fastest-growing project and cost management consultancies in the United States, as reflected in our top 15 rankings in both ENR and Building Design + Construction. With over 30 offices globally, an extremely diverse project portfolio, and double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, the opportunities to make your mark are limitless!

We are seeking a Construction Data Analyst to act as the day-to-day interface with the client to help drive a data-driven culture of informed decision making. You have a chance to be a key player in our technological future, as part of a team of innovative professionals shaping our built environment.

The Construction Data Analyst responsible for gathering and storing data, visualization, analytics and dashboard reporting development.

The ideal candidate is a data visualization expert, preferably within the construction industry, and with experience managing data, working with end users, creating analytics and dashboard development.

Responsibilities
Develop and maintain databases and reporting tools to store and display cost, schedule, and other construction data
Work with stakeholders to create, revise, and launch dashboards and other data efforts
Respond to and manage requests for data solutions and visuals from client and Cumming team
Develop and present high-level metrics in a simple, accessible way
Be proactive in offering data solutions to inefficiencies
Develop a suite of reporting tools in Tableau/PowerBI with a consistent look and feel
Create processes, capture best practice, and help create a data-driven culture
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in business, economics, data analytics, finance or related field of study
3+ years' experience in data analysis and visualization
Experience tidying and wrangling complex, ugly datasets
Experience being able to stand behind their work and present a coherent story with data
Knowledge of data solutions lifecycle - from concept to maintenance planning
Understanding of basic design principles for effective visuals
Basic understanding of preconstruction, design, and post-contract construction processes
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
Ability to independently research and generate data solutions
Ability to work cross-functional teams with other teams to achieve objectives
Advanced knowledge of Tableau and PowerBI
Advanced Excel/Google Sheets skills
Working knowledge of SQL to interrogate datasets
Any programming/ coding experience - Python, R, D3.js, etc. is a plus
Have more questions? Chat with a recruiter on our careers website! It takes five minutes to apply to this job and we will provide feedback within five business days.

#LI-EG1

CUMMING is an equal opportunity employer, fully committed to attracting, retaining, developing, and promoting the most qualified team members without regard to race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic, including physical or mental disability, to the extent protected by applicable federal, state or local law.",4.1,"Cumming
4.1","Portland, OR",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
171,Data Governance Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB TITLE: Data Governance Analyst

JOB CLASSIFICATION: Exempt

REPORTS TO: Data Governance Director

JOB PURPOSE: The Data Governance Analyst will support the Data Governance activities at Argo Group. This position will support the company’s Data Governance and Data Management program throughout the organization.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Support data governance initiatives
Support the system of record as a “single-source of truth” for each data element; resolve multiple sources of truth issues with key stakeholders via clear definitions of elements.
Support management, manipulation and capture of data.
Liaise with multiple business units and support teams across the global enterprise on complex data governance projects.
Support the Data Governance Roadmap, including enterprise wide Data Quality Framework and an Information Model
Facilitate bi-directional communication of strategies, priorities and issues
Works with the business units to ensure data ownership and quality, and with Argo’s Data Protection Officer’s team to ensure data security
Champion organizational behavior change as it relates to the use of data; realizing vision of data managed as an asset
Work with Data Architects to ensure facilitation of consistent data quality control and optimization in EDW at enterprise level
Perform other duties as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or Business Administration or 3+ yrs. related field experience
2+ years working in a Data Governance Role
1+ years experience with Master Data Management
3+ years working in the Insurance or Financial Services
Credible across both business and IT
Understanding of operational processes, data, systems landscape
Experience with one or more data governance tools
REQUIRED COMPETENCIES:

Problem Solving
Demonstrates strong problem solving capabilities
Willing and able to overcome challenges and roadblocks to enable the business to meets it goals
Communication
Communicate effectively in both verbal (i.e. day-to-day discussions, team meetings) and written (requirements and design specifications) form, as well as have an overall ability to be clear and concise in all communications.
Comfortable communicating with all audiences from highly technical engineers to non-technical executives in both written and verbal channels
Actively listens to customers and teams
Builds good relationships with peers, executives and other departments
Ownership
Cares about the quality of the product systems and the success of the organization
Expresses opinion on solutions and does not allow bad solutions
High sense of urgency to meet commitments
Will go outside of primary role if needed to help drive success
PLEASE NOTE: At this time, Argo Group will not sponsor an applicant for employment authorization for this position.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment at Argo Group, please contact our Benefits Department at 210-321-8400.

To all recruitment agencies: Unless you have been requested to work on this position, or other positions with Argo Group, please do not forward any resumes to Argo Group employees. Argo Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the “Apply with LinkedIn” button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process.",3.6,"Argo Group US
3.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
172,"Lead Data Analyst, Economics & Load Forecasting",$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"About us

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.

To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business.

National Grid is hiring a Lead Analyst for our Economics & Load Forecasting Department in Waltham, MA.
Job Purpose

The Economics & Load Forecasting team produces the electric and gas load forecasts for National Grid as well economic analysis and insight. As a Lead Analyst you will develop, present, and defend the gas and electric load forecasts for our US service territory using econometric methods. You will support internal stakeholders including Supply, Engineering, Regulatory, Strategy, Finance and others. You will assist in the presentation and defense of the forecasts to regulatory bodies in MA, RI, and NY. You will ensure the forecasts incorporate new distributed energy resources, technologies, and policies.
Key Accountabilities

Development of gas and electric load forecast using econometric methods. Perform additional analysis relating to the forecast as necessary.
Ensure the forecasts properly account for distributed energy resources and new technologies and policies (e.g. energy efficiency, demand response, electric vehicles, PV, storage, electrification of heat, etc.).
Update forecast processes and documentation to ensure they are efficient, reviewable, and reliable.
Document, distribute, present, and defend the forecasts, both internally and externally.
Provide expert testimony before regulators and defend the gas/electric forecasts. Respond to data request from regulatory bodies for rate cases and other proceedings.
Collaborate with internal stakeholders (including supply, engineering, regulatory, strategy) regarding forecast methodology and analysis and ensure our deliverables meet their needs.
Stay current in all policies, regulatory requirements, market trends, and industry standards regarding customer energy use and technologies and programs impacting that use, such as energy efficiency and demand response.
Qualifications

Bachelors (Masters or PhD preferred) in statistics, economics, engineering, or related field.
Demonstrated experience with econometric or statistical forecasting or modelling required. Experience in energy load forecasting preferred.
Experience with policy or forecasting distributed resources (e.g. energy efficiency, demand response, electric vehiclels, PV, storage, electrification of heat, etc.) preferred.
Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to testify before regulators and respond to regulatory data requests. Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Expertise in statistical programming software such as R, SAS, Python required. Advanced SQL skills preferred.
Advanced Excel skills required.
Power BI/Tableau skills preferred.
Relevant energy industry experience in a regulated setting preferred.
Highly motivated with the ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
More Information

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills. Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.",3.5,"National Grid USA
3.5","Waltham, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1990,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
173,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sony Electronics, Inc. look for the risk-takers, the collaborators, the inspired and the inspirational. We want the people who are brave enough to work at the cutting edge and create solutions that will enrich and improve the lives of people across the globe. So, if you want to make the world say wow, let's talk.

Sony Electronics Inc. has an opportunity available for a Data Analyst within the Imaging Solutions organization. The Data Analyst reports into the Business Management (marketing) group, but will support cross-business functions including sales, marketing, and planning and control. The Data Analyst will be the primary point of analyzing various weekly, monthly and quarterly reports received such as industry market research reports, channel partner point of sale (POS) reports, channel program utilization reports and financial reporting reports. This highly visible position will be tasked with developing and maintaining databases and automated reporting analytics as well as processes to ensure consistency and accuracy of information that will be used for business decisions by the Imaging Solutions management team.

The Data Analyst will have as a key responsibility the gathering, consolidation, reporting and analysis of market data from multiple sources (internal and external) for the imaging segment on a weekly, monthly and ad-hoc basis. Focus will include analyzing market trend, Sony’s performance over competitors and versus budget/forecast on a consolidated, territory and individual basis (identifying areas of success and gaps/opportunities), and reporting those results to management. This assessment will go beyond numbers presentation; and will involve identify trends and providing initial insight regarding contributing factors.

The Data Analyst will be involved in the evaluation of A&P investment in weekly, monthly basis. This includes the ROI analysis of our channel marketing activities in key retail channel. In addition, this position will cover research and analysis of year over year sales results, marketplace conditions/area of business growth potential to support Business Managers.

With management input, the Sales Analyst will build upon existing corporate analytics to establish the tools, processes and reporting methodology to support these analyses as they relate to the imaging business, and modify accordingly based on future business direction and needs.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree is required
Must have 2-3 years of related experience.
Advanced Excel proficiency including pivot tables, formulas and macros.
Solid oral and written communication skills, and professional presentation skills
Must have high level skills in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.
Preferred Requirements
Working knowledge of database creation, coding, manipulation
Experience with Power BI
Bachelor’s with concentration in finance, mathematics, or statistics
Sony Electronics is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values employees with a broad cross-cultural perspective. We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond. All applicants will receive fair and impartial treatment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information or on any other basis which is protected under applicable federal, state or local law.

Disability Accommodation for Applicants to Sony Electronics, Inc.

Sony Electronics, Inc. provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. For reasonable accommodation requests, please contact us by email at talenthelp@am.sony.com, or you can mail your resume to: Sony Electronics, Human Resources Department, 16535 Via Esprillo, San Diego CA 92127. Please indicate the position you are applying for.
EEO is the Law

EEO is the Law Supplement

Right to Work (English/Spanish)

E-Verify Participation (English/Spanish)",4.2,"Sony Electronics
4.2","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1946,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
174,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Fenkell Automotive Services is currently seeking a Data Analyst to join our team!*

*About: *

Fenkell Automotive is looking for a data entry/analyst with some minor automotive experience for vehicles being repaired at various locations throughout the US and Canada.

*Salary: * $13.00-15.00/Hour depending on experience

*Benefits: *
* Health insurance
* Dental insurance
* 401K
* Paid vacations.

*Responsibilities: *
* Data Entry using company web-based software
* Make phone calls to technicians to follow up expedite repairs
* Upload documents and images
* Manage and answer incoming emails

*Qualifications: *
* 1+ year of computer and data entry experience
* 1+ year of customer service experience
* Experience with Microsoft Suite
* Good customer service and communication skills
* Time management skills
* Friendly personality
* Positive attitude
* Since this is a remote role, the ideal candidate is required to use their own phone and computer

*_Indeed Hire and Fenkell Automotive Services are working together to find the best candidate for this job. _*

*_By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application._*

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $13.00 - $15.00 per hour

Experience:
* computer and data entry: 1 year (Required)
* customer service: 1 year (Required)

Job distance:
* Auburn Hills, MI 48326: Between 31 and 40 miles (Required)",3.0,"Fenkell Automotive Services
3.0","Auburn Hills, MI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
175,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB DESCRIPTION:
Summary
Will work alongside RnD staff to extract, process, plot and interpret data collected from variety of chemical and sensor experiments. Data may also come from deployed sensor networks.

Required Skillsets
• Seeking 1-5 years of experience in Data collection and analytics
• BS or equivalent in CS, Electrical Engineering, Data Sciences. Candidates should have a range of courses on statistics, SPC and databases
• Comfortable with python programming
• Experience with JMP and interpreting / working with Matlab
• Experience with Excel and Powerpoint would be desirable
• A team player

CONTACT INFORMATION:
Sandra Montes
Sandra@OSIEngineering.com
220.2800 x 108
OSIJOBS",4.6,"OSI Engineering
4.6","Newark, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
176,Sr. HR Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who is Cenlar? You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Sr. HR Data Analyst.

Job Summary:

The Sr. HR Data Analyst is responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies related to Human Resources. This role identifies and aggregates complex dataset using a combination of tools, such as, SQL, VBA, PowerShell, and MS Access. This role should have knowledge of statistical models/algorithms using Python as the primary programming language.

Responsibilities:
Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns with HR data sets and makes recommendations for business and process improvement
Analyzes processes and data by extracting data from various data warehouse environments
Develops reports and dashboards using various reporting and visualization tools to meet business needs
Understands ongoing requests and translates them into reports for team members and other stakeholders
Ability to design, develop, and execute ETL pipelines to automate ingestion of structured and unstructured data sources using a combination of PowerShell, SQL, Python, VBA, and other programming languages
Solid understanding of REST API architecture to implement interfaces that allow for the seamless data integration between our vendor systems and our internal databases
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Handles complex requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing and trend analysis
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistical analysis, Human Resources, or related field, Master’s degree preferred with 5+ years of relevant and/or data engineering analytics experience
Working knowledge of SQL skills to perform complex data manipulation using multiple tables, queries, and subqueries in a database environment (i.e., SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, DB2, MS Access, et al).
Strong background with at least an object-oriented/functional/scripting language (Python, Java, etc.)
Familiarity with CLI (CMD, bash, PowerShell, etc.)
Expertise with various ETL technologies and tools
Strong understanding of business logic for aggregation and analysis services
Experience with HRMS, such as ADP, ETime, Taleo, and Cornerstone, preferred
Ability to develop capabilities and/ or experiences in partnership with more experienced staff
Exceptional organization and time management skills, with the initiative and the desire to own problems from start to finish
Ability to flex and adapt to changing business needs, and use discretion when dealing with confidential information
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with ability to work on several projects simultaneously
Passion to have an impact; Pro-active self-starter; Demonstrates a strong sense of urgency and responsiveness; Strong organizational and project management skills
Demonstrated track record of developing and successfully driving new initiatives through an organization to achieve business results
Total Rewards :

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online .",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Yardley, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
177,Technical Business Analyst - Data Services,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Technical Business Analyst acts as an intermediary between IT project teams and business partners to collect, clarify, and translate business requirements into documentation and conceptual design (using appropriate tools and models) from which applications and solutions are developed. The Technical Business Analyst functions as the stakeholders’ advocate by providing objective evidence that system and application requirements are met.

Maintains on-going relationships with business partners to drive satisfaction with IT.
Works to elicit high-level requirements and capture business needs through dialogue with business partners.
Clearly articulates and documents business requirements.
Translates business requirements into functional requirements utilizing a structured process (gathering, analyzing, documenting, and managing change).
Maintains project requirements according to requirements management plan.
Supports applications and solutions delivery by participating in design reviews and walk-throughs to communicate requirements and validate proposed solutions.
Reviews product design documentation to ensure that requirements are correct, unambiguous, and verifiable.
Assists in generating use cases/user stories to ensure that all functional requirements are captured.
Assesses the risks of various solutions.
Recommends solutions based on cost vs benefit analysis.
Develops and executes test plans.
Plans and supports user acceptance testing and user training.
Creates documentation to describe program evaluation, testing, correction, and objective evidence of meeting requirements.
Provides Level 3 systems and applications support.
Participates in system and data triage as necessary.
Monitors program performance after implementation to prevent reoccurrence of program operating problems and ensure efficiency of operation.
Proactively provides process improvement recommendations within a quickly evolving company.
Proactively resolves customer satisfaction issues.
Work with outside vendors to deliver solutions.
Conducts compatibility tests with vendor and non-vendor-provided programs.
Apply strong analytical skills, prioritization skills, business intuition, and organizational ability.
Use excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to operate in a cross cultural and complex matrix environment, and ability to build consensus across functions.
Adaptable, open to change and able to work in ambiguous situations and respond to new information or unexpected circumstances.
Apply capability for decision making in complex scenarios and for holding one-self and others accountable to those decisions.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to work nights and/or weekends.
Ability to work normal schedule of Monday through Friday during normal business hours.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day.
Ability to work in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 90% of a typical working day.
Ability to comply with any applicable personal protective equipment requirements.
Ability to travel approximately 5% of working time.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Business Management, Computer Science/MIS, Science, Healthcare-Related Science; or high school degree/general education diploma and 4 years of relevant experience in lieu of Bachelor's degree.
2+ years of professional work experience interfacing with customers directly and problem solving.
1+ year experience in a hands-on technical role supporting systems development, systems implementation, quality assurance, or similar experience.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience working as business analyst, quality analyst, or product owner on technology development projects.
Experience working under SDLC or other software-specific project management process.
Experience working with laboratory order cycle management, revenue cycle management, or healthcare engagement and communication systems.
Fast and enthusiastic learner.
Proficiency in development or implementation of Digital Workplace (intranet, collaboration, document management, project management, etc.) driven processes.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.1,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.1","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
178,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you ready for an amazing career opportunity? Are you a data-driven problem solver?

As a Data Analyst at MealPal, you will drive meaningful insights to help inform the business strategy. You will manage weekly and monthly KPIs, build reports and dashboards, and create processes to ensure we use data to make impactful business decisions.

MealPal is a food startup based in NYC that empowers restaurants to build better businesses and users to eat more intelligently in 20 international markets. We offer users affordable lunches from the best restaurants in their city, all easily available to reserve and pick up through our mobile app.

Responsibilities:
Generate, maintain, and automate reporting
Mine data for answers to business challenges
Develop insights and recommend business strategy based on data
Share data in a digestible way with the entire company
Define best practices and new processes to collect, analyze, and manage data
Requirements
3-6 years of experience in prior data team role
SQL coding and advanced Excel skills
Logical, problem-solving mentality
Expertise in data models, database design development, and segmentation techniques
Strong communication skills
Benefits
Competitive base salary
Meaningful equity and the opportunity to build something
401(k) with Employer Match
Health, Vision, & Dental benefits (healthcare is 100% covered by MealPal)
Paid vacation time
Opportunity to work with a smart, passionate team",2.8,"MealPal
2.8","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
179,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Optimove is the Science-First Relationship Marketing Hub. Were obsessed with what drives customer behavior and strive to provide our clients the solution to foster long-lasting customer relationships.
The Data Analyst position is the perfect role for an entry-level engineer whos looking to get their feet wet in the world of data science. You report to the Director of Data Science and interface directly with clients data science teams across business verticals. Your core responsibilities involve playing an active role in collaborating with internal teams to construct Optimoves tailored predictive models for our clients. The ideal candidate is a SQL whiz with a strong work ethic, robust analytical and technical capabilities and highly effective time management skills. We are looking for a master multi-tasker that thrives in challenging, fast-paced environments with agility and ease. The Data Analyst is an integral part of the Analytics team and the position is one that brings with it an excellent opportunity to learn and grow within a rapidly expanding company.
Responsibilities:
Conducting consumer data research and analytics
Working with customer-centric algorithm models and tailoring them to each customer as required
Presenting complexed analysis to clients
Extracting actionable insights from large databases



Requirements:
B.Sc in Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, or similar major
Experience or undergraduate courses focused on SQL and Excel
Exceptional work ethic with outstanding technical skills
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Strong communication skills
Please note that we are unable to provide sponsorship for this position
Optimove is an equal opportunity employer. Two thirds of our managers were promoted from within. If youre looking to develop your career, get acknowledged for your efforts, and work with dedicated people who love what they do, youve come to the right place.",3.7,"Optimove
3.7","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
180,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Company

BlueLabs is a leading provider of analytics services and technology for government, business, and campaigns. Founded in 2013 by senior members of the Obama for America re-election campaign team, we help our clients optimize their engagements with individual customers, supporters and stakeholders to achieve their goals.

Today, our team counts over 40 data scientists, engineers, and strategists from diverse backgrounds who share a passion for using data to solve the world’s greatest social and analytical challenges. We’ve served more than 400 organizations ranging from political campaigns to advocacy groups, unions, government agencies, and international groups, as well as companies in the automotive, travel, consumer packaged goods, entertainment, healthcare, media, telecom, and other industries. Along the way, we’ve developed some of the most innovative tools available in analytics, media optimization, reporting, and influencer outreach.

Data Analyst

Data Analysts are instrumental members of BlueLabs Data Science and engagement teams. They gain exposure to all parts of our process, from collecting and organizing data, to analyzing trends and predicting outcomes, and working with clients to understand how these insights can be used to improve program efficiency. Data Analysts are able to work both as part of a team and independently, completing projects in a fast-paced environment, error-free, and on short deadlines. You will receive strong mentorship from senior members of the BlueLabs Data Science and Engagement teams, and also be given a chance to complete projects independently. BlueLabs Analysts have the opportunity to develop into the Data Science or Engagement tracks within BlueLabs.

What you'll do:
Analyzes data, as well as contributes to the design, implementation, and delivery of analytics products and services.
Builds predictive models, tools, and data visualizations.
Checks data and modeling results for quality and cleans, transforms, aggregates, and reports on data as needed.
Strives to support team excellence by documenting processes and evangelizing new approaches
Preferred Experience & Background
An undergraduate degree in a quantitative field or equivalent work experience.
Conceptual understanding of foundations of statistics and modeling (distributions, parameter estimation, confidence intervals and tests, etc.).
Proficient understanding of a statistical programming language such as R, Python, or Julia.
The ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience, both in writing and verbally
The ability to manipulate data with SQL.
Experience building predictive models using regression and machine learning techniques.
Knowledge of experimental design and causal inference experience with GIS.
Experience creating informative and engaging data visualizations using industry leading tools.
The ability to create user interfaces for new products using frameworks such as Shiny or Django.
This position is available in DC, NY, & LA

At BlueLabs, we celebrate, support and thrive on differences. Not only do they benefit our services, products, and community, but most importantly, they are to the benefit of our team. Qualified people of all races, ethnicities, ages, sex, genders, sexual orientations, national origins, gender identities, marital status, religions, veterans statuses, and disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. As an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer, BlueLabs is committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",4.7,"BlueLabs
4.7","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
181,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION TITLE: Data Analyst

REPORTS TO: AVP of Marketing

SUPERVISES: N/A

JOB STATUS: Non-Exempt

SALARY: $38,772.30-$58,158.45

JOB SUMMARY:

Performs advanced (senior-level) data extract, reporting, analysis, and consultative services in order to drive and evaluate consumer and commercial financial product marketing efforts, perform financial product cost/benefit analysis to support Credit Union senior management in financial product development and management. The Data Analyst will also provide summary expense and performance data to support multiple levels of Credit Union management in daily operations management and service delivery optimization, and provide other data reporting as required to support special projects and internal auditing functions.

All employees of State Employees Credit Union are proactive, result driven, and fully committed to the Credit Union s mission and vision. They strive to achieve the highest standards of excellence and consistently exceed the expectations established by Credit Union Management.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Must be at least 18 years of age.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Significant experience in performing relational database queries using the MS SQL Server 2016 and Oracle 11gR2 dialects of SQL.
Knowledgeable in techniques to estimate and limit any adverse impact on database performance that may be caused by queries performed.
Significant experience producing database reports using commercially-available reporting tools including Crystal Reports.
Knowledge of statistics and experience using commercially-available statistical analysis packages.
Advanced proficiency with commercial office suite software including Microsoft Excel.
Proven ability to develop productive working relationships with both technical staff and non-technical users.
Bachelor s degree in mathematics, statistics, finance, economics, or accounting is required. MBA preferred.
Understanding of advanced analytics, attribution tracking, propensity modelling, and predictive analytics as they apply to Marketing.
Five (5) years of working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Proven ability to meet deadlines and to be flexible when priorities are re-assessed.
Working knowledge of ITIL practices.
ESSENTIAL TASKS:
Inventory and develop a deep working knowledge of the information available in all authorized data sources.
Review user-supplied requirements and expand in technical depth as required to provide the user with the desired end product.
Acquire data from existing relational database sources. Identify, as necessary, any external data that is required to meet task objectives.
Interpret and analyze data using statistical techniques to identify any data deficiencies, significant trends, outliers, and to estimate product precision and accuracy.
Filter and clean data as necessary to provide the desired level of quality in the final work product. Identify any problems with data capture, design, and architecture.
Document all work performed, including a description of data handling activities and user reporting processes.
Evaluate current reporting processes and make recommendations to Credit Union management for quality and efficiency improvements.
Identify and define meaningful metrics in an effort to deliver high quality, actionable, and efficient reporting to drive business decisions. Make appropriate recommendations to Credit Union management.
Provide Credit Union management with any applicable recommendations for data collection or clean-up efforts that would benefit the Credit Union in the future.
Perform all duties in compliance with Credit Union policies and procedures, and all applicable federal laws and regulations.
Assist Marketing in data-driven campaigns, analysis, KPIs, tracking, and advanced analytic models.
Ability to translate business data requirements into non-technical, lay terms.
Performs all other assigned duties.
State Employees Credit Union offers a highly competitive benefits package

Applications must be received by Human Resources

State Employees Credit Union of New Mexico is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.5,"State Employees Credit Union
3.5","Santa Fe, NM",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1937,Nonprofit Organization,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
182,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"This position includes working with other team members to plan and conduct a broad range of data analysis tasks using survey and administrative data in areas such as food and nutrition assistance programs, health services, and educational programs. Candidates must have expertise in quantitative data cleaning, editing, and analysis in SAS. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated skills in one or more statistical programming languages and excellent oral and written communication skills.ResponsibilitiesEvaluating administrative data for accuracy and consistency; communicating with government agencies about any problems discovered in administrative data submissionsCompiling, editing, and analyzing survey data from primary data collection; analyzing data from large national surveysDesigning analytic approaches to answering research questions using methods such as descriptive statistics, multivariate analysis, text analysis, machine learning, and other approachesDeveloping computer code for data diagnostics, cleaning, and analysisProducing written documentation for analytic data setsDrafting written analysis and creating graphic and tabular representations of quantitative findingsGeneral project management tasks and other duties as neededEducationMaster’s degree in mathematics, statistics, or a social science (completed or in progress); orBachelor’s degree plus 3 to 5 years related work experience in research and evaluation services to federal or state agenciesQualificationsDemonstrated experience in data cleaning, manipulation, and analysis in SASDemonstrated experience using national datasets, particularly those maintained by the U.S. Census Bureau and other federal agencies (e.g., American Community Survey, Current Population Survey, Survey of Income and Program Participation, Common Core of Data), and/or experience using administrative data sets (data from program eligibility systems, student records, etc.)Demonstrated ability to synthesize and interpret quantitative research for professional and lay audiencesBackground and strong interest in public policy or safety net researchExcellent attention to detailProven oral and written communications skillsWillingness to contribute to other project tasks as neededExperience with advanced statistical and data science methods a plusExperience with R and Python (in addition to SAS) a plusContactEEO: All candidates will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or genetic information.Contact: No phone calls please. To be considered for this position, applicants must submit a resume/curriculum vitae, programming sample, and cover letter via email to—Kelsey GrayAssociate Director, Data Science and AnalyticsInsight Policy Research, Inc.1901 North Moore Street, Suite 1100Arlington, VA 22209Email: kgray@insightpolicyresearch.com",4.3,"Insight Policy Research
4.3","Arlington, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
183,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

The Office of the State Auditor seeks a qualified candidate to work as a Data Analyst. Our office provides Utah taxpayers and government officials with an independent assessment of financial operation, statutory compliance, and performance management for state and local government, and makes recommendations to improve the effectiveness of programs and efficiency of operations.

The incumbent will maintain current data flow and provide assistance and advanced knowledge in a comprehensive research project regarding the effectiveness of state and local government spending. The incumbent will be responsible for collecting, evaluating, and analyzing large amounts of data. Incumbents in this position make recommendations to the State Auditor and/or senior management, which may influence office decisions, programs, regulations, legislation, etc. The incumbent must obtain a working knowledge of rules, laws, policies, procedures and programs related to governments in the State of Utah.

This position requires a four-year college degree preferably in Economics, Finance, Public Administration or equal experience in analysis or investigation.

Applicants must have a variety of skills, including:
Analyzing, summarizing, and reviewing data to identify trends, anomalies or possible errors.
Experience with statistical programming/scripting languages, Python and R strongly preferred.
Familiarity with SQL and Google Cloud Platform
Willingness and ability to adapt, troubleshoot and learn new skills.
Ability to communicate complex, technical information in non-technical, layman’s terms.
Maintaining effective work relationships with the public, government personnel and co-workers.
Managing and communicating progress on a variety of tasks and projects.
Responsibilities in this position will include the following:
Performs quantitative analysis by applying appropriate protocols to analyze data to identify trends, anomalies or possible errors.
Cleans, analyzes, summarizes, and/or reviews data; conducts statistical analysis, interprets results and/or makes recommendations for comparison or improvements.
Contacts government personnel to collect or better understand financial data and processes.
Answers technical/non-technical questions from state and local government entities.
Monitors, documents and communicates non-compliance with financial reporting requirements.
Assists government finance officers with ETL process (formatting, uploading and correcting financial data files).
Maintains and documents R code and related policy and procedure and updates as needed.
Applies enforcement or exemption policies.
Works independently to execute projects or investigations as assigned.
Other tasks as assigned.
Send/email a cover letter, and resume to:
Office of the State Auditor
Attn: Tauna MacPherson
350 N. State Street
Utah State Capitol Complex
East Office Building, Suite E310
Salt Lake City, UT 84114
tmacpherson@utah.gov 801-538-1361

Salary : $17 to $30 per hour depending on experience
Compensation includes comprehensive health, dental, and retirement benefits.

Start Date: Flexible. Preferably no later than November 30, 2020

The Office of the State Auditor participates in E-Verify. This is a career service exempt position. Incumbents placed in this title are appointed, non-classified, exempt from 67-19-12, and are required to be placed in a position schedule of AC (Employees in Offices of Elected Officials).

The Office of the State Auditor is an equal opportunity employer. Hiring is done without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, or disability. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Office of the State Auditor provides reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. For accommodation information or if you need an accommodation to complete the application process, contact the Office of the State Auditor at 801-538-1025.

Benefits:
The State of Utah offers eligible employees a variety of benefits including medical, dental, life and disability insurance, as well as a comprehensive leave program. Please click the following link for a detailed information page: Benefits. To access a Total Compensation Calculator in Excel format click HERE.

FMLA General Notice:
English (right click + open link in new tab)
Español (clic derecho + abrir en una pestaña nueva?)",3.9,"State of Utah
3.9","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Government,State & Regional Agencies,Government,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
184,Data Analyst - Listings,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Compass is building the first modern end-to-end real estate platform by integrating agents, buyers and sellers through technology. Before Compass, no one has achieved the blend of the Natural Intelligence that hundreds of thousands of enterprising real estate agents bring to this market, with the Artificial Intelligence that cloud, mobile and AI technologies enable.

As one of the fastest growing technology companies of our generation, in an industry larger than any other, we have an opportunity and obligation to build a world-class engineering team and the operating platform that will transform the real estate industry. In 2019 we tripled the size of our Product & Engineering team, and are searching for creative and inspiring colleagues at all levels of the organization to join us as we continue to expand in 2020.

The Data Product team's mission is to envision, build, and deploy the next generation end-to-end platform for real estate data ingestion, processing, storage, serving, and analysis at massive scale to provide leverage for Compass. Every team and agent at Compass relies on our platform to make data-informed decisions as they grow their business on top of this strong foundation.

About This Role

In this role, you will help Compass become the leading source of real estate information by expanding our geographic coverage, introducing new data types and sources, and ensuring the highest data quality standards are met. You will work cross-functionally with company leadership, product managers, engineers, support teams, and other analysts to grow and maintain the Compass data platform.

Responsibilities
Support our expansion team in efficiently onboarding new listing data sources with a high bar for quality
Create, test, monitor, and improve key data quality metrics tied to the customer experience
Serve as a subject matter expert and escalation point on data quality issues reported by front-line customer and product support teams
Directly interface with third party data sources during onboarding and change or incident management activities
Create and maintain operational and analytical scripts, or other tools to swiftly resolve data quality issues or drive actionable decision-making
Leverage data to build conviction and consensus around prioritizing features that improve the customer experience and scale the business
Confirm feature release readiness by performing ad hoc analyses and tests in support of new product development
Advocate for process improvements to drive our data platform forward with a metrics-driven, continuous improvement approach
What We Look For
2+ years experience in software product, project management, or engineering roles, building and launching successful data-driven products at scale
Experience manipulating large datasets using various tools or techniques, including Python/Google Apps scripting, SQL, pivot tables, lookups
Looking for people with expertise in data forensics, and who are detail-oriented, outstanding communicators, and are quick to learn new technologies/concepts
Preference given to candidates with 2+ years experience designing, implementing, and maintaining databases and/or data conversion/ETL pipelines
B.A., B.S., or similar degree in a technical discipline (Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics) is strongly preferred
Knowledge of, or prior experience with, real estate data integrations is a plus
At Compass, our mission is to help everyone find their place in the world. This means we continually celebrate the diverse community different individuals cultivate. As an equal opportunity employer, we stay true to our mission by ensuring that our place can be anyone's place.",3.9,"Compass
3.9","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
185,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Apply Online at http://JOBS.COLUMBUS.IN.GOV or call or email City Human Resources 812-376-2570 or humanresources@ columbus.in.gov to make an appointment to apply in person if you need help, accommodations or don’t have access to the internet elsewhere. We welcome all applicants and are pleased to schedule an appointment for you to apply in person. *Each applicant should be prepared to upload a resume, references, and a cover letter.*
Job Responsibilities and Summary: *
• This position is primarily responsible for Columbus Fire Department (CFD) data analytics, which includes compiling, manipulating, organizing and understanding data produced by CFD in the areas of budget and fire-related information, for the purposes of making strategic and well-informed decisions which benefit the department’s operations.

• This position requires both basic and advanced office administration, payroll, accounting, project management, research, general reception area responsibilities, assistance in the development and implementation of the Fire Department's annual budget, compilation, and analysis of information for statistical purposes and coordination of programs related to budget or contractual obligations as directed.

• Researches best practices and industry trends and identifies. and recommends areas for improvement

• Performs research and statistical analysis of department performance to benchmark against other agencies

• Performs research and statistical analysis of department's program toward the goal of accreditation

• Develops and implements best practices for attaining and maintaining accreditation

• Identifies project milestones; establishes timelines; identifies work, tasks and activities necessary to meet project goals; establishes project required process and procedures, and develops project plans.

• Ensures project milestones are met and required tasks and activities are completed

• Serves on and leads inter-departmental committees

• Prepares Fire Department long range strategic planning documents

• Drafts and maintaining policies and/or standard operating procedures

• Develops and monitors departmental budgets and Capital Improvement Plan

• Supports Department's contract administration duties

• Assists with Department's record keeping activities in accordance with federal and state statutory requirements

• Provides exceptional customer service to internal and external customers

• Represents the Department at special events or inter-governmental meetings

• Develops and presents public presentations

• Provides back-up for answe1ing and directing telephone calls, payroll, and other duties as assigned in the absence of the Chiefs Administrative Assistant

• Maintains confidentiality of all privileged information

• Assist with Fire Prevention / Inspection Division responsibilities

• Performs other duties as assigned
Minimum Qualifications and Experience: *
• Minimum of a Bachelor's Degree in public or business administration, computer science, or a related field, or will have an equivalent combination of training, education, and experience.

• Familiarity with financial operations including accounting, budgeting, fixed assets, purchasing, financial reporting, and payroll software systems development is highly desirable.

• Advanced skills in Word, Excel, and financial/ERP systems

• Must have the ability to read, w1ite, speak and comprehend the English language

• Valid Indiana driver's license ; good driving record sufficient to be covered by city insurance

This position is subject to the City’s Drug and Alcohol Free Workplace Program which includes: pre-employment testing, post-accident testing, reasonable suspicion testing, return-to-duty and follow-up testing.

This description is intended to describe the type and level of work being performed by the person assigned to this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities required by a person and employees at the city may be given other assignments at will.

E/O/E

\*all potential applicants are encouraged to apply, and if you need accommodation or help applying online, please call 812.376.2570 to make an appointment or email humanresources@ columbus.in.gov

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $35,904.00 - $53,856.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
License:
Driver's License (Required)
Language:
English (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.9,"City of Columbus
3.9","Columbus, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Government,Municipal Governments,Government,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
186,Data Analyst,$33k-$61k (Glassdoor Est.),"Shopkick, the leading multi-chain shopper rewards app, is looking for a Data Analyst who will provide insights to our most important clients, use data analysis to improve the Shopkick app/product, and bring an analytical perspective to teams across the company.We are actively seeking candidates who combine both the baseline technical skills required (see below) with strong “soft” abilities, including communication, influence, presentation, and prioritization. This role will provide the right candidate with an unusually broad level of influence at Shopkick and exceptionally strong opportunities for growth.The Data Analyst will be responsible for:Developing dashboards and reporting to support revenue teams as neededAttending “live” (zoom) meetings with sales teams, clients, and Marketing to represent Shopkick from an Analytics perspectiveUsing SQL, Python, Excel, and/or other BI tools to answer ad-hoc questions about client campaign performance.Creating custom analysis of the Shopkick user base to generate insights about user growth and retentionDriving increased user retention and lower cost-per-activation, in concert with MarketingConstructing and oversee A/B/* experiments as part of Shopkick’s “test-and-learn” cultureCreating benchmarks and other aggregate insights that would be of interest to key clients, the press, and other external partnersCreating, measuring, and documenting KPIs that will drive focus across the businessPreferred QualificationsBachelor’s Degree or higher in a quantitative field (Math, Computer Science, Engineering, Data Analysis, etc.).Ability to create intermediate-level SQL, from scratch, including table joins, subqueries, and basic window functions (rank, row_number, etc.).Understanding of data visualization best-practices and significant experience in at least one tool through which that understanding can be expressed (Excel, Tableau, Python / matplotlib or other visualization libraries, etc.)Experience with one or more data visualization / dashboarding tools, esp. Sisense / Tableau / PowerBI / etc.Ability to construct intermediate level Python or R code to assist with data cleaning, transformation, analysis, or visualizationInterest in “both sides” of our business, including how to make the user’s in-app experience better and how to improve service and performance for our advertising clientsAbility to translate analytical results to a data-supported story; excellent written and oral communication skillsInterest in digital advertising; understanding of advertising principles2+ Years of experience in a similar roleA Plus If You:Have experience with Google BigQuery or other columnar data store (Vertica, etc.) or “big data” technologiesHave experience with JIRA/ConfluenceHave a Master’s Degree in a related fieldHave experience with common 3rd party event-based analytics packages, such as Google Analytics, Amplitude, or MixpanelHave experience with advertising campaign analysisHave experience with app user analyticsHave comfort with statistical analysis (i.e. can prove that differences in outcomes are statistically significant at a target level)Have Stephen Few, Cole Nussbaumer Knaflic, or Edward Tufte on your bookshelfAny unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Shopkick are considered property of Shopkick and are not subject to payment of agency fees.This is a remote position.",3.5,"shopkick
3.5","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
187,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"RESPONSIBILITIES:
Kforce has a client seeking a Data Analyst in Southlake, TX.

Responsibilities:
Work with teams to understand the various datasets and what they represent to user experience
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand the relationships between company data sets
Analyze various data to interpret competitive results to understand competitive decisions and find areas for opportunities
Utilize strong presentation skills to share insights from data
Work with peer Data Analytics teams throughout company to share best practices and add additional value to analysis
REQUIREMENTS:
Associate or Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Data Analytics, or related field preferred
Certification in Data Analytics
Candidates qualifying for this position will have similar experience along with the skills and abilities to perform the duties mentioned
Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Kforce
4.1","Southlake, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1966,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
188,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Snapshot
Location:

7500 East Columbia Street
Evansville, IN 47715
Job Type:

Retail
Date Posted:

9/16/2020
Job Description
Store number: Corporate Office
Shopping center: Evansville
Street address: 7500 E Columbia Street

Immediate opportunity! Join our Marketing team at our Corporate Headquarters in Evansville, Indiana and work directly for our stable, growing company in this full-time critical role. Due to the inability to provide sponsorships now or within the next three years, a U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Resident status is required.

Summary: The Data Analyst influences business decisions and strategies by analyzing and understanding customer behavior.

Primary Duties & Responsibilities:

Builds predictive models and performs descriptive analytics using statistical methods such as clustering and segmentation techniques, regression, and propensity modeling.
Provides ad-hoc reports and deep dives into customer analytics to help answer and guide strategic business decisions.
Analyzes Shoe Carnival customer data, demographics, segmentation, and market basket data to transform it into meaningful insights.
Ensures data integrity by leveraging proven methodologies, including data reconciliation, data integration, and data audits.
Translates complex analytics tasks into concise and easily consumable outputs (data storytelling and dashboards) to help business stakeholders make data driven decisions.
Designs and tests multivariate tests in collaboration with internal and external teams.
Provides multi-functional teams with data related to the performance of marketing channels, the health of the customer file, and the impact of pricing/promotions.

Requirements:

Ability to work independently and with cross-functional teams.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Strong communication and technical writing skills.
BA/BS degree in Business Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, or related analytical degree and/or experience required.
Familiarity with a variety of statistical models including logistic/linear regression, cluster analysis, propensity models, and other modeling techniques required.
Experience with Tableau and/or Alteryx preferred.

Total Rewards:

The Shoe Carnival, Inc. Total Rewards program offers eligible associates highly competitive benefits, including the following:

Competitive Pay
Paid Time Off (Vacation & Sick Time)
Comprehensive Medical, Dental, & Vision Benefits
Flexible Spending Accounts
Life, Disability, and Voluntary Benefits
Fitness Membership Discounts
Employee Assistance Program
401(k) Retirement Plan
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Employee & Family Discounts
Relocation Opportunities

Shoe Carnival, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.7,"Shoe Carnival Inc.
3.7","Evansville, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1978,Company - Public,"Department, Clothing, & Shoe Stores",Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
189,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Analytica is seeking a Data Analyst that is looking to contribute to the Defense Health Agency's data and analytics needs as part of a relatively new Digital Patient Engagement program.
DHA Connected Health's mission is to promote cutting-edge approaches for the use of health technology to identify, treat and minimize the short-and long-term effects of debilitating health conditions on military readiness.
Perform data analysis, research and data manipulation tasks
Perform queries and interpret business data requests to create efficient queries
Extract and analyze raw data
Organize data into presentable formats
Minimal Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree
Experience and/or coursework with database management systems (SAP Business Objects or similar) and querying languages (SAS and/or SQL)
Ability to extract data, manipulate data and perform analysis
Ability to organize data in presentable formats for consumption by the healthcare business community
Experience with Military Health Systems (MHS) Data Repository (MDR) or other DHA/Defense Health Agency datastores is a plus
Any experience with mobile or telehealth environments is a plus
US Citizenship is required and the ability to pass a DoD background investigation
About ANALYTICA: Analytica is a leading consulting and information technology solutions provider to public sector organizations supporting health, civilian, and national security missions. Founded in 2009 and headquartered in Bethesda, MD, the company is an established SBA certified HUBZone and 8(a) small business that has been recognized by Inc. Magazine each of the past three years as one of the 250 fastest-growing companies in the U.S. Analytica specializes in providing software and systems engineering, information management, analytics & visualization, agile project management, and management consulting services. The company is appraised by the Software Engineering Institute (SEI) at CMMI® Maturity Level 3 and is an ISO 9001:2008 certified provider.",3.7,"Analytica
3.7","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
190,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Love data? Love to make a huge impact? As the Analyst within the Customer Analytics vertical at goPuff, you’ll bring thought-leadership and insights to help optimize many aspects of our business - from customer acquisition and retention to user behaviors and branding. You’ll help
lead our efforts to use data to understand how to improve all aspects of the customer experience. This role is within our data & analytics team and we’re designed to move fast. You’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact as the future success of goPuff will depend
on the insights we derive from our data.

Help drive analytics for the Customer side of the business - including marketing analytics, site analytics, merchandising, pricing and promotions, and more.
Bring your unique data perspective and proven experience and hit the ground running as an analytical thought leader.
Obtain a deep understanding of the business drivers through data exploration, and make recommendations to optimize performance and deepen our understanding of customer behaviors
Perform deep-dives to analyze problems, identify opportunities and suggest experiments based on findings
Own data accuracy and integrity
Partner with other Analytics team members, Product Management, Engineering, and other functions to identify opportunities, propose solutions, and share insights - ensuring consistency of data-driven decision-making throughout the org

2+ years of experience in analytics or data science - preferably in fields related to marketing, digital merchandising, or consumer product
Bachelors in Business, Statistics, Engineering, or other quantitative discipline
Expert in SQL and database table design - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Proficiency in R or Python
A deep understanding of statistical analysis and experiment design
Experience in data warehousing concepts, big data technologies, and analytics platforms
Development experience with BI platforms such as Looker, Tableau, PeriscopeData
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Experience managing multiple cross-functional stakeholders
Experience collecting business requirements and working with engineering teams to implement marketing data pipelines
Top-notch organizational skills and ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Move fast, be a team player, always be learning and give back",3.9,"ORS Partners
3.9",Pennsylvania,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
191,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Datadog:

We're on a mission to build the best platform in the world for engineers to understand and scale their systems, applications, and teams. We operate at high scale—trillions of data points per day—providing always-on alerting, metrics visualization, logs, and application tracing for tens of thousands of companies. Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way.

The team:

We are building a first-class Internal Analytics team composed of Data Engineers and Data Analysts. We use cutting-edge data collection, transformation, and analysis tools in order to provide other teams with data that will help them better understand both our customers and our own operations so they can make strategic data-driven decisions.

The opportunity:

As a Data Analyst within the Internal Analytics team, you will help ensure all teams at Datadog have the data they need to drive their projects. You will have a chance to interact with all other departments including other Engineering teams, Product Managers, Designers, Marketing, and Customer Success.

You will:
Contribute to building the data model layer that is used by the whole company to query internal data and analytics
Build actionable data reports and visualizations that will help other teams make strategic decisions
Help product managers, designers, and engineers to understand our products usage and user behaviors, and facilitate data-driven decision making
Help marketing teams optimize their initiatives
Run deep data analyses and investigations
Work to discover how different technologies are being adopted over time by different segments of users
Present findings to team leads and executives
Train other employees to use data to answer questions without assistance
Requirements:
You are a clear, concise communicator that works well with others
You can explain complex datasets to non-technical people in understandable ways
You are able to clean a dataset and conduct a data analysis in Python or similar language
You are fluent with SQL and are able to write complex and performant queries with no assistance
You’ve mastered data analysis and visualization in Looker, Excel, Google Sheets, Tableau and/or similar tools
You have a natural curiosity and investigative mindset - driven to know “why”
You want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment and thrive on both autonomy and collaboration
2+ years of professional experience
Bonus points:
You are familiar with Spark and/or Hadoop
You have some experience with data stores similar to AWS Redshift or S3
You are familiar with data storage optimization (keys, schemas, …)",4.1,"Datadog
4.1","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
192,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Petaluma, CA | Full-Time
Ready to Apply?


Take the next step toward joining our team! Complete your application today.
Apply
We are looking to add a Digital Marketing Analyst to the Nuvolum Team. This person is a self-starter and ready to tackle projects using both quantitative and qualitative data sets. Critical thinking is crucial for success in this role. This person should be a power user of Excel and have experience with data entry, Google Analytics, Facebook ads, YouTube, census data, pivot tables, etc. They should be confident in visualizing, drawing conclusions, and presenting their findings. This person is open to data entry and passionate about accurate results.

The Data Science and Research team at Nuvolum creates all outbound reports to clients as well as provide internal business intelligence. Our motto is “No Data Left Behind!” We are always testing and pivoting what is working, as our industry is constantly changing. Important business decisions are made based on the analysis conducted by this role. Therefore, accuracy and an eye for detail are of the utmost importance.

More About You


You enjoy analyzing data, identifying patterns and trends, and understand digital marketing principles. You know Excel inside and out. The phrase “correlation does not mean causation” excites you, as does “hypothesis, test, pivot, repeat!” You can take complex ideas and present them clearly. You care about the quality of your work and take pride in your efforts to achieve exceptional results.

If this sounds like you, we’d be delighted to meet you (virtually of course). Please include the Nuvolum Data Science and Research team motto in your cover letter to be considered.

About Our Culture


Nuvolum is a full-service, integrated marketing and PR firm that takes pride in everything we do. Our diverse and talented team is inspired to bring ideas forward, keep learning, and provide mutual support. We champion each other’s successes and lean in when challenges need solving. We foster a team atmosphere and friendly environment, so every member can rise to the occasion to meet their potential.

Fine Print


We can only consider applicants with authorization to work in the United States on a permanent, full-time basis. Unfortunately, we cannot provide visa sponsorship.

We invite you to apply to join the team.",4.5,"Nuvolum
4.5","Petaluma, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
193,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Title: Data Analyst * *FLSA Status: Exempt**Department Head: * *Informatics and Reporting Manager**Direct Supervisor: * *Informatics and Reporting Manager*\*QUALITY HEALTHCARE FOR ALL!\*Comprehensive Health Center (FQHC) in Northern Virginia seeks a energetic and motivated Data Analyst to join our dynamic team in the community health care.\* Monday through Friday, NO WEEKENDS.*_\*\*Our mission is to provide excellent and affordable medical, dental and behavioral health services in our communities by being compassionate, culturally competent, and accessible to all._*\*\**Overall Responsibilities**: * This position is responsible for supporting the Informatics and Reporting Manager in developing, implementing, and facilitating methods of extracting and analyzing patient information using the electronic medical record (EMR) and reporting systems. The ideal candidate will have the ability to work effectively both as a team member with multiple departments, as well as independently, in a very fast paced, high energy setting. Strict health information security and confidentiality are required.*Qualifications/Requirements: ** Bachelor’s degree in HIT/Informatics or equivalent education and work experience required* Experience working with clinical staff in a health care setting, and in analyzing patient and population health information using IT systems* A basic understanding of clinical decision processes, reporting, data analysis, and safeguarding of personal health information* Expert computer and EMR skills to include advanced Excel skills and a working knowledge of ICD-10 and CPT codes* Strong orientation to problem solving, detail, accuracy, deadlines, and customer service* Strong oral, written, and data visualization communication skills are fundamental to ensuring all reporting requests are fully and accurately delivered and interpreted* Ability to work flexible hours as needed for special projects to include Uniform Data Systems (UDS) reporting* Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team to ensure a high level of service delivery; all staff are expected to function within a collaborative practice model, supporting the efforts of the other employees*Preferred: ** Experience in and dedication to the mission of safety net healthcare for vulnerable populations is strongly preferred*Description of Duties: ** Develop, run, and analyze clinical and demographic reports* Develop ad hoc specialized reports as needed to support the organization’s ability to respond to ongoing demands or to track emerging issues* Serve as an active member of the UDS and other required external reporting teams* Work independently and collaborate with other staff to understand and identify optimal means of meeting HealthWorks’ data needs*We Offer: *· *A Competitive Rate of Pay DOE*· *A State-of-the-Art Facility*· *An opportunity to work with a dedicated team of administrative professionals committed to providing quality service to staff.*· *An opportunity to make a difference in the lives of our patients each day.*\*\_Visit us at www.hwnova.org!\_\*\*Become an integral part of service the community and contact us today!Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:* 401(k)* Dental insurance* Health insurance* Paid time off* Vision insuranceSchedule:* 8 hour shift* Monday to FridayExperience:* basic understanding clinical decision processes: 1 year (Preferred)* EMR Systems: 1 year (Preferred)* working with clinical staff in a health care setting: 1 year (Preferred)* strong oral, written and data visualization communication: 1 year (Preferred)* Excel skills and working knowledge of ICD10 and CPT codes: 1 year (Preferred)Education:* High school or equivalent (Preferred)",4.0,"HealthWorks for Northern Virginia
4.0","Leesburg, VA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
194,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description

What does a great Data Analyst do?

The data team is looking for a data analyst who is interested in leading the effort to promote a data-driven culture at Clover. We are looking for a problem solver who has strategically built data visualization tools and conducted in-depth analyses for an executive audience. Are you a strong self-starter who can build and lead new projects from scratch with minimal guidance, oversight, or resources? We are looking for a collaborative, team player who thrives in a fast-paced environment with quickly changing, ambiguous requirements. If you are passionate about systematically finding creative approaches to most effectively bridge the gap between data and decision makers, we want to hear from you!

In this role, you can expect to:
Serve as a bridge between decision-makers and the data needed to deliver measurable insights
Work with product, engineering, and operational teams to proactively gather requirements, develop metrics, instrument features, and deploy monitoring tools to measure product performance
Design, develop, own, and maintain ETL/ELT data flows across a constellation of data sources and systems
Use Python libraries (matplotib, seaborn) and business intelligence tools (Tableau, Sigma) to create data visualizations that enable teams to make data-driven decisions quickly and easily
Conduct in-depth analyses using statistical techniques to uncover insights into the factors that drive product performance
Lead efforts to improve data literacy and fluency within the company by contributing to data warehouse development, documentation, and training teams to become self-sufficient in data exploration and analysis
Basic qualifications for consideration:
Experience providing analytical services to executive-level partners of varying technical backgrounds
Hands-on experience building and iterating on self-serve, data visualization tools
Experience in data collection, transformation, and storage from various sources including relational databases, APIs, logs, and unstructured files
Experience in Python (or at least one scripting language) and SQL
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in a quantitative field: Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Information Systems, Engineering, Economics, or Social Sciences.
Experience implementing one or more or of the following techniques: A/B testing, regression analysis, non-parametric models, time series analysis, experimental design, survival analysis, clustering, natural language processing, or neural networks
Industry experience developing cloud-based data warehouse solutions
Experience with technologies such as Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, and Spark
About us:

Join the Fintech and SaaS revolution that is helping small businesses grow faster and get the technology and insights previously available only to the big guys. At Clover, you will be part of an entrepreneurial team working in a fast-paced and high growth environment, with the benefits of a parent company, First Data, that is the largest payments processor and merchant acquirer worldwide.

Clover delivers the leading Point of Sale system with an elegant end-to-end solution that incorporates beautiful devices, cloud-based POS software, payments processing, platform APIs for third-party developers, and an ecosystem with over 220 apps. The Clover platform delivers solutions in a scalable and modular fashion that powers tiny merchants through large football stadiums, supporting millions of transactions daily.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Learn more about Fiserv:

To support the total well-being of our associates, Fiserv takes a broad approach to our benefits. We offer a comprehensive benefits package that provides flexibility and affordability with a variety of medical, dental, vision, life insurance and disability options.

We are #FISVProud of our benefits and well-being programs. Our commitment to wellness, wellness education, preventive services and fitness activities are designed to meet you where you are.

Life moves fast. And as it does, we know most people arent thinking about financial services. But we are.

We help people and businesses move money and information every minute of every day. Our solutions connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants and consumers to one another, millions of times a day, behind the scenes, reliably and securely.

Were Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments enabling innovative financial services experiences that are in step with the way people live and work today. The companys approximately 44,000 associates proudly serve clients in more than 100 countries, so their customers, members and consumers can move money when and where they need it, at the point of thought.

Our Aspiration is to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a FORTUNE 500 company and one of FORTUNE Magazine Worlds Most Admired Companies for the seventh consecutive year, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.

We welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran

Explore the possibilities of a career with Fiserv and Find Your Forward with us.

Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.",3.2,"Fiserv
3.2","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
195,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"What you’ll be doing...

The Visible Engineering team is seeking a Data Analyst. You will develop and manage the data governance practice, product optimization, and funnel analytics.
Facilitate implementation, execution, and validation of tagging that supports accurate and reliable data collection.
Perform business analysis using various techniques, e.g. statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, data mining.
Partner with the product, media and engineering team to drive business improvements across the customer experience throughout the product buy flow.
Demonstrate best practices and develop actionable insights and recommendations for current business operations.
Work directly with the internal and external clients to identify analytical requirements and assist with ad hoc reporting.
Assist and demonstrate in implementing or developing systems to capture business operation information.
Conduct analytics deep dive using SQL, Big Query, Adobe Analytics, Salesforce, Tableau and Excel to analyze and visualize customer data in order to produce business insights and reports for the executive leadership team.
What we’re looking for...

You’ll need to have:
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.
Four or more years of relevant work experience.
Even better if you have:
Bachelors or Master’s degree in Statistics, Quantitative methods, Math, Computer Science.
Experience in data analytics or related roles.
Advanced skills in Tealium Tag Manager (GTM) and Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager (DTM).
Advanced level in Tableau, SQL, & Python.
Strong experience in implementing, troubleshooting and managing data tagging 1st and 3rd party tagging solutions.
In-depth knowledge of SEM, performance marketing, click-stream/behavior data tracking.
Proven ability to interact with senior management and clients, understand the corporate strategy, and present actionable findings.
Excellent written, oral communication, and presentation skills. Ability to present complex data reports, financial analyses, and statistics in a simple and clear way.
Ability to successfully manage interaction with internal and external clients and work independently and within a team environment with integrity, professionalism, collaboration, and dependability.
Experience with advanced Google/Adobe Analytics usage, including goal, client, dimension and dashboard creations.
When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.

]]>",3.8,"Verizon
3.8","Piscataway, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,2000,Company - Public,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
196,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"IntroductionAt IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.Your Role and ResponsibilitiesIBM’s Digital Workplace Engineering team is focused on building tools and applications for IBMers to do their best work. Through a family of apps and services, we’re building an environment which is constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to push the limits on productivity and collaboration. We are well-positioned to deliver the next chapter of the digital workplace, leveraging expertise in cloud, security, and scale.Must have the ability to work in the US without current/future need for IBM sponsorshipAs a Data Analyst, you’ll seek to understand user behavior, analyze data, identify trends, and formulate product recommendation to drive wide-scale change.Responsibilities:Perform analysis and provide actionable insight.Help define strategic goals and supporting KPIsDefine and build dashboards and reports for different departments to help monitor KPIs.Perform ongoing analysis to understand user behavior and provide actionable recommendations in different areas of the productRequired Technical and Professional Expertise3 plus years of data analysis experience at a consumer technology company3 plus years’ experience performing advanced analytics using structured and unstructured data.Solid conceptual understanding of methods in analytics and data science. Understanding of common roadblocks and technical challenges.Experience with SQL and Python/R.Preferred Technical and Professional ExpertiseExperience performing product-oriented quantitative analysis, including statistical analysisAbility to execute against defined objectives both tactically and strategicallyA team player who can collaborate with engineers, designers, and other cross-functional teamsAbility to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidanceAbout Business UnitThe IBM Finance organization is responsible for driving enterprise performance and transformation. We are the financial stewards of IBM, delivering IBM’s financial strategy, developing new business models, and mitigating enterprise risk. Do you have a passion for creating business value? Join our team in accounting, financial planning, pricing, business controls, tax, treasury, business development (acquisitions & divestitures), and global financing.Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.Location StatementUS Citizenship required.Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.",3.8,"IBM
3.8","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1911,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
197,Data Sourcing Data Delivery Analyst - Analytics and Data Science Lab (#150339),$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"A department which values Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) and is committed to realizing the firm’s D&I ambition which is an integral part of our global Conduct and Ethics Standards
The opportunity to become part of our highly motivated Analytics team focusing on building and driving new and state of the art technologies in various fields
An exciting role for you as Data Analyst within our Analytics & Data Science Lab and close collaboration with its Chief Operating Officer, Financial Crimes Compliance, Risk Management, IT and Operations teams as well as coordination with related organizations within our Bank
Manage developing, maintaining and extracting knowledge from strategic internal and external data sets
Manage documenting data attributes, data feeds and data sources in a concise and succinct way
Developing and crafting algorithms, building prototype versions, running multiple validations with business specialists and working on their operationalization
Becoming part of a forward-thinking team with an outstanding team spirit in a versatile, dynamic, and flexible working environment
Flexible / agile working options are possible
Understands the value of diversity in the workplace and is dedicated to fostering an inclusive culture in all aspects of working life so that people from all backgrounds receive equal treatment, realize their full potential and can bring their full, authentic selves to work. This should be further elaborated on in your application.
Previous experience at Credit Suisse and in particular in the risk department would be an advantage
A Bachelor or Master degree in a computer science, Information System, Information Technology (University or University of Applied Sciences) or an equivalent education
Equivalent experience of at least 5 years in Data Analysis or Business Analysis
Background in Finance, analytics methods and Data warehouse Principals and programming language like Python, R, SAS is a plus.
Due to your experience with relational database programming and complex data pipelines you feel at ease in assembling data sets from disparate sources and analysis using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems
Detailed knowledge in distributed data processing at scale using Spark or/and Hive is preferred
Experience in the regulatory technologies or Risk and compliance domain within the financial industry is a plus!
Outstanding written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills
Integrity, responsibility and confidentiality required for dealing with sensitive data
Hardworking with proven experience as a strong, self-starting standout colleague with willingness to perform in a fast paced environment and contribute to the team's success
Do you possess ability to learn and take additional responsibilities to become a respected know-how carrier in the team?",3.8,"Credit Suisse
3.8","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1856,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
198,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),".

Do you dare to reinvent the future of education?


At Cengage, we are harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals.

As a Cengage employee, you will blaze a new trail to transform the way people learn. Collaborating with the best of the best, you will feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. With the support of our united team, there is no limit to what you can imagine, create and set in motion.

Are we right for you?


We set the bar higher by bringing our unique talents and point of view to the table every day. We are curious and comfortable with change and are willing to take risks to transform education. Most importantly, with everything we do, we put learning first.

What You'll Do Here:


The Data Analyst, Product Data Analytics will be responsible for delivering data-driven insights across the finance, product, strategy, technology, and legal groups designed to significantly improve Cengage’s Higher Education and Skills product and content development. The Data Analyst will be a critical contributor to the team, focusing on deriving business outcomes from data, driving improvements in data quality, building out new proof of concepts, engaging and communicating analysis to cross-functional teams, and providing analytic and operational support to multiple areas.Cengage Learning is a collaborative environment. This role will bring data-first thinking to projects that are transformational in nature. The right candidate will possess strategic thinking, effective problem structuring, proven analytical skills, and an ability to influence within diverse teams.

This position is full-time, on-site in one of the following locations: Boston, MA/Mason, OH/Clifton Park, NY.

· Form a deep understanding of Cengage Learning’s product data, processes, systems and tools, while shaping workflow best practices and improving data integrity· Assist in structuring and executing operational and strategic initiatives by gathering and synthesizing relevant data, leading analyses, and developing final recommendations and documentation· Drive analysis to recommendations to meaningful operating results, such as higher quality, faster cycle times, less costly, etc.· Capture and communicate findings within broader project structure; maintain healthy project management practices, including work plan development and trackingTo successfully accomplish the above, engage with and on cross-functional teams

Skills You Will Need Here:


· BA/BS with high proven achievement· Minimum 3 years of experience working directly with complex data systems · Demonstrated ability to conceive and execute quantitative analysis and deliver data-driven insights· Outstanding organizational skills and a very strong attention to detail· Demonstrated writing and verbal presentation skills enabling her/him to prepare and present information and recommendations to a diverse and often senior audience· Proven commitment to providing excellent customer service to internal and external stakeholders; demonstrated willingness to take ownership of customer issues and see them through to resolution· Collaborative problem solving and working style to drive change through influence· Able to self-manage progress against milestones and deliverables with a high degree of accountability and personal urgency· Advanced skills with Microsoft Office Suite of systems, particularly MS Excel and MS Access

Preferred Skills/Knowledge/Experience:· Experience with successfully navigating and driving change in complex organizations· Experience with successfully implementing strategic initiatives; collecting, analyzing, and synthesizing large datasets to identify problems and propose solutions · Prior experience in the publishing or technology industries is beneficial",4.0,"Cengage
4.0","Clifton Park, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
199,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst


Who You Are

Data Analysts are focused on turning complex data into information, information into insight, and insight into business decisions. They communicate and collaborate with cross functional teams and stakeholders including data scientists, engineers, product managers, and executives and deliver high-quality analytic insights with the ability to derive actions that can be integrated into different workflows.

What you’ll do:
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports and dashboards
Use CRBO to run reports and Snowflake queries to obtain data sets, thread with other data to provide key metrics and data points to drive business cases and decisions
Collaborate with business and IT teams to understand the different persona specific-use cases, the related business insight, consolidate use cases across persona and drive a common approach towards solving multiple use cases
Partner with cross-functional teams to realize data relationships through proper threading
Follow data privacy and protection processes required and implement systems and workflows that enforces security
Partner with Data Custodian/Stewards and other data management roles to ensure proper data operations improve quality, accessibility and value of consumed data
Partner with Ops and IT to develop CX-wide data and information architecture
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques
Provide clear, impactful outputs that tell a story and point to key takeaways and learnings
We are seeking high-energy and qualified candidates who possess the following skills and experience:
Minimum: Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, or related field
Preferred: Masters/PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, or related field
4-6 years of experience working with extremely large datasets, ETL processing and Machine learning pipelines
Minimum 3 years’ experience in SQL/NoSQL required
Experience in Python/R and Data Warehousing required
Experience with CRBO and Snowflake required
Experience with Hadoop, Map Reduce, Webex Teams, AWS/Azure/Cloud experience preferred
Who you'll work with:


You will work cross functionally with the Customer Experience, Sales, Marketing, and IT organizations, playing a leadership role in transforming Cisco by developing and implementing analytic models and intelligent automation to drive us toward a data-driven digital organization.

Digital Lifecycle Journey’s (DLJ) digital expertise makes us uniquely qualified to address the evolving expectations of today’s connected customers and partners, along with Cisco sellers. Using real-time connected data, machine learning, and automation; the team enables Cisco sellers and partners to deliver a powerful, personalized experience—throughout the entire customer lifecycle. DLJ is focused on providing customers with an immersive digital experience with Cisco. This in turn drives improvements in recurring revenue, cost savings and sales effectiveness for Cisco and its partners.

Why Cisco


We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.

We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.

We Are Cisco

#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box.
But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best and give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart! Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
So, you have colorful hair - Don’t care. Tattoos - Show off your ink. Like polka dots - That’s cool. Pop culture geek - Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us!
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.",4.2,"Cisco Systems
4.2","Research Triangle Park, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
200,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

Piscataway, New Jersey - United States | Posted - 09/21/20

Apply
Easy Apply

Overview

Job Role: Data Analyst

Location: United States-New Jersey-Piscataway

Responsibilities:
The Data Analyst directly takes part in the data analysis and testing of tools that are integral parts of researcher-centric analytical products.
The role engages in projects that need Python, Java, SPARQL, SQL, and in-depth understanding of data structures and algorithms, natural language processing, recursive neural networks, and classical machine learning. The resource collaborates in ongoing projects to deliver solutions used by millions of users globally on a day-to-day basis.
Skills Required:
Python, Java, SPARQL, SQL, and RDF are essential Familiarity with data structures and algorithms, natural language processing, recursive neural networks, and machine learning
Experience in using cloud-based technologies throughout the machine learning product development
Understanding of data warehousing concepts such as data migration and data integration. Some experience working with cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure
Excellent Debugging and code-reading skills
Documentation and structured programming to support sustainable development practice
Work Experience:
Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau or similar
Experience in both front-end developments, especially with Angular is plus
Experience in implementing large scale software solutions is a strong plus
Demonstrated skill in project planning and collaborating with large groups
Ability to describe challenges and solutions in both technical and business terms
Ability to develop and maintain excellent working relationships at all organizational levels
Education:
A current graduate student in a master’s or PhD program is preferred.
All fields of engineering and science are welcome to apply.",3.6,"Apptad
3.6","Piscataway, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
201,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nurx is looking for a Data Analyst who loves answering complex business and health questions through data. This is a rare opportunity to help build a data-driven culture from the ground up and impact the lives of millions by helping reinvent the healthcare system. We're building a system to support delivery of medical care in a modern and truly empathetic way.On this team, you'll work closely with Engineering, Product, Operations, and Finance to analyze and mine data available internally to help drive the process. You'll be reporting to the VP of Engineering and will engage with all aspects of Nurx to discover insights on how to drive operational efficiency, help plan for staffing, and most importantly, increase our ability to better our patient's health.What you'll do:Deliver the insights necessary to help Nurx scale its Operations and Medical teams.Build intuitive dashboards to empower other team members with actionable data.Identify, track, and report regularly on key operational performance metrics.Develop quantitative analysis, ad-hoc reports, and models to support key operations decisions, including staffing plans, process optimizations, and personnel performance management.Take an active role in tracking and analytics across the company.Flex into other areas of the organizations to help drive data driven decision making. Assist the Product, Finance, and Engineering teams derive key insights as needed.Engage with stakeholders to understand business problems and translate their questions into insights and easily digestible summaries.A bit about you:Proven ability to write, optimize and execute complex SQL queries.Minimum of 2 years of experience in data science, business intelligence / consulting / investment banking / healthcare / public health or related experience.Bachelor's Degree in: Math, Finance, Economics, Statistics, Data Science, Physics or related field.Analytical mindset with the ability to focus on a problem, ask insightful questions, and gain expertise quickly.Experience with Python or other programmatic data analysis languages.Experience working with ETLs or an understanding of data warehouse organization.Familiarity with Splunk, Looker, or Mode.Exposure to software version control systems/Git and GitHub.Competent understanding of statistical principles (eg. statistical significance).Ability to derive meaning from raw data in order to influence product decisions and direction.About us:At Nurx, we're creating a future where healthcare is easily accessible and affordable for everyone and building software that empowers people to be in control of decisions about their own health.Our platform enables doctors to give patients personalized care at lower costs and prescriptions delivered straight to their door. We are committed to disrupting the healthcare system and increasing access to healthcare for millions across the country, starting with birth control and PrEP.Benefits:Talented and collaborative team who will both support and challenge you.Market competitive salary and equity.Medical, dental, commuter, wellness, and engineering technology benefits.401(k) retirement plan.Paid holiday, vacation, and sick leave.Take what you need vacation (and we really mean it!).This position is full-time and based in San Francisco, CA. Remote applicants will also be considered. Visa sponsorship is not available for this role.",3.5,"Nurx
3.5",California,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
202,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Starry:

Starry is proud to be an Equal Opportunity workplace. Just like the internet service we provide, we do not discriminate. We welcome people from all over the world to share their knowledge and perspectives. At Starry, you can discover the many careers and opportunities that are made possible when you connect people to the limitless possibilities of the internet.

Our mission focuses on two things. First, we're making the experience of accessing the internet simple, transparent, and delightful. Second, we're bringing that experience to underserved communities around the world. We approach our mission with a cutting-edge wireless technology, customer service designed to delight, and a culture of innovation and intellectual curiosity.

What You'll Do:
Design, build and maintain scalable data models to power self-service business intelligence tools and promote data-driven decision making
Own data projects end-to-end working with tools like Airflow, DBT, and Spark
Analyze complex datasets and communicate findings to stakeholders
Work with stakeholders across the organization to gather and understand data requirements
Architect and maintain pipelines for moving data into various third-party services, furthering our personalization capabilities
Build and maintain data tests and documentation
Serve as resident data quality advocate
Collaborate with engineering on infrastructure projects
Proactively seek out and investigate new technologies to advance Starry's analytics practice
Qualifications:
Eagerness to build a best-in-class data practice
4+ years of experience modeling, visualizing and interpreting data
Expert-level knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with dbt or similar tools for data transformation preferred
Proficiency in a scripting language, Python preferred
Experience with one or more cloud-based data warehouse (e.g. Snowflake, Redshift)
Enthusiasm for conducting reproducible analysis; we believe in code review, version control, and solid documentation
Proven ability to work with cross-functional groups in order to meet deliverables
Skilled at working in an autonomous environment where you'll work independently to execute on various projects
We work hard, so we take care of each other and try to enjoy ourselves along the way. We have:
Premium medical, dental, and vision coverage with no employee contribution required
12 weeks of paid parental leave
Catered meals on a weekly basis
Groups for skiing, biking, running, climbing, stretching, shuffleboard, darts, and more
Happy Interneting!

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee.",4.2,"Starry
4.2","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
203,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Captivate is North America’s leading location-based digital video network reaching millions of professionals throughout the day. We connect viewers to the world outside their office by delivering valuable information and entertainment. Utilizing multiple touchpoints including elevator screens, mobile & desktop to influence personal and professional purchase decisions, we maintain a 90% engagement rate among a quality, hard-to-reach audience of 12 million unique viewers every month.

Data Analyst

Captivate has an excellent opportunity for a strategic professional looking to grow their skills, expand responsibility, and pursue an exciting and rewarding career in sales operations and analytics. The Data Analyst is a key role with measurable impact on the sales performance of both our American and Canadian Ad Sales and Real Estate Sales teams. Responsibilities include managing strategy focused projects as determined by the Sales Operations & Strategy Manager, overseeing data visualization design and reporting, and acting as a liaison between our Engineering, IT and Product teams to convert business needs into technical requirements. The Data Analyst will report directly to the Sales Operations & Strategy Manager and will work out of our NYC headquarters.

What You’ll Do:
Build data visualization dashboards (Looker) for revenue generating departments (Ad Sales, Real Estate Sales, Lead Generation, Operations, etc.)to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions
Build reporting dashboards and drive analysis to increase the performance visibility to the business owners
Develop and automate reports in Excel, cleansing the data from multiple sources
Identify and optimize processes for sales, strategy, and planning departments
Drive continuous improvement on all related sales processes, systems and documents to ensure standardization and simplification of the sales process
Be a subject matter expert on the Sales CRM (Netsuite & boostr), and assist in back-end improvements
Conduct research, pilot features for the Sales CRM (Netsuite & boostr), document/prepare recommendations for review and act as the training lead for day to day support
Prepare and distribute weekly reports on Ad Sales & Real Estate Sales team attainment
What You Bring:
Working experience in sales strategy or sales operations
Strong business acumen capable of understanding the variables impacting sales and revenue
Ability to organize and prioritize activities effectively, while ensuring a high level of accuracy and attention to detail in a deadline driven environment
A go-getter attitude capable of working independently and proactively to address business needs
Advanced proficiency using Excel, Power BI, Word, and PowerPoint
Experience working with data visualization platforms (Looker, Tableau, Domo, etc.)
Experience with CRM software (Salesforce, NetSuite, etc.)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Bonus Points if You:
Have a basic understanding of SQL and want to learn more
Have a general knowledge of cloud environments
Why You Should Work for Captivate:

Captivate offers a generous FTO (flexible time off) policy, matching 401k, commuter benefits & health insurance programs offered through Cigna. We encourage work-life balance through team building activities, employee outings and celebratory events. Captivate offers a great work environment and provides employees the opportunity to make an impact, through employer gift match programs & volunteer opportunities.

Behind the screens of Captivate are real people. Check out our Employee Spotlight page!",4.4,"Captivate
4.4","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,News Outlet,Media,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
204,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Careem is the internet platform for the greater Middle East region. A pioneer of the region's ride-hailing economy, Careem is expanding services across its platform to become the region's everyday Super App. Careem's mission is to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Established in July 2012, Careem operates in over 100 cities across 13 countries and has created more than one million employment opportunities in the region. Careem became a wholly owned subsidiary of Uber Technologies, Inc. in January 2020. www.careem.com

Role Summary


This position requires a person with strong analytical mindset that enjoys working directly with business units providing innovative solutions that answer key business questions.

In this role you will be assigned to a business unit and eventually grow into a subject matter expert for that area of business.

You will act as the main point of contact and will be responsible for fulfilling all analytical needs for the designated business unit.

This means you will be creating reports/dashboards as well as providing answers to ad-hoc queries by utilizing engineering best practices that complement and enhance existing reporting architecture.

Key responsibilities
Act as the first point of contact to answer all business data queries
Develop effective reporting solutions by utilizing engineering best practices and using various BI tools
Participate in continuous improvement of these reporting solutions
Drive and support your designated business unit by converting complex data and findings into understandable tables, graphs and written reports
Present appropriate analysis and commentary to technical and non-technical audience
Gain subject matter expertise and help define appropriate key metrics for the business unit and discover untapped areas for business improvement
Provide concrete data-driven insights
Test and communicate new features to users
Run regular data integrity audits
Devise and evaluate methods for collecting data, such as surveys, questionnaires, and opinion polls
Gather data about consumers, competitors and market conditions
Qualifications
Demonstrated experience working in an analytical role
Demonstrated experience with business intelligence and visualization tools creating management dashboards
Strong analytical skills and a passion to work with large sets of data
Passionate about learning new technologies and working on a product of massive scale and impact
Expert at writing SQL queries against large amounts of data
Self-starter with excellent communication and organizational skills
Ability to get hands-on in a complex operational environment
Must be process orientated and a logical thinker with good attention to detail
Experience with Tableau, MicroStrategy or Looker is a plus
Experience in ETL/ELT is a plus
Experience working with dimensional data, data lakes is a plus
Experience working with MPP databases like Redshift is a plus
Experience in Python, R, Spark, Hive is a plus.",3.9,"Careem
3.9",United States,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
205,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"BrainPOP is an online K-12 educational solution that makes rigorous learning experiences accessible and engaging for all. Proven to raise academic achievement, BrainPOP has been a trusted resource to more than six million educators, and engages the hearts and challenged the minds of over 300 million learners worldwide.

BrainPOP provides endless opportunities for kids to take agency over their learning through playful, knowledge-building content and learner-driven projects, preparing them for success in the classroom and beyond.

We’re seeking a Data Analyst to grow our Data Team. This newly created position will report to the VP of Data and Prototyping. As the Data Analyst, you will be the primary data researcher for our Core Experience team which manages our flagship product. You will also help out with other product squads and data team needs throughout the company, and help build a data research practice at BrainPOP. You’ll be helping to improve a product that has reached millions of students around the world.

A Day in the Life
Using data insights to inform product teams as they execute new products
Cleaning and processing large-scale datasets
Growing and fostering data-driven company culture
Working with designers and user testing teams to set up experiments, and collect and analyze data
You Are
Enthusiastic about improving education for all students
Passionate about learning and always seeking opportunities to expand your knowledge
A team player with the time management and organizational skills to also work independently
Eager to tell stories through data
A thorough and creative problem solver
On Your Resume
Proficiency with R or Python, and with SQL
Demonstrated experience working with large-scale data sets
A basic understanding of multiple statistics techniques, ideally in the social sciences
Experience working in education or with educators, or a degree in an education-related field.
Excellent data communication skills
Nice to Have
Experience with LookML
Familiarity with evidence-centered design methodology
Experience designing and executing research projects
A Data Bootcamp, or a BA or MA in a related field
Life at BrainPOP

Our commitment to supporting and empowering teachers and students is reflected in our dedication to enhancing the lives of our employees—in and out of the office.

Our team is made up of educators, data scientists, published authors, engineers, artists, bakers, film buffs, cyclists, dual-citizens, and so much more. We value Diversity & Inclusion, collaboration and learning from multiple perspectives, and encourage people to bring their most authentic selves to work.

Besides offering a comprehensive benefits package and putting an emphasis on work-life balance, we make it a point to integrate fun and play into the workplace.

We offer:
Corporate Donation Matching
Medical, Dental, Vision and Paid Life Insurance
401K with a company match
Friends & Family BrainPOP Subscription
Learning & Development Stipend
Wellness Activities (ClassPass Membership)
Annual Performance Bonus & Equity Appreciation Plan
Company Events (happy hours, volunteering opportunities, trivia nights and monthly Town Halls)
What we do today directly impacts how teachers teach, and students learn. We continue to be inspired because we can see the difference we’re making and we’re proud to be a creative, collaborative, always-teaching and always-learning community.

Due to COVID-19, all BrainPOP employees will be working remotely through 2020.

We believe that a diverse organization is a more effective organization. BrainPOP is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.",4.3,"BrainPOP
4.3","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
206,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"_Audantic offers you the opportunity to have a big impact within our company and for our clients! _This 100% remote *Data Analyst* position provides a large degree of autonomy and responsibility to find solutions to complex problems for the business and our clients, making a large impact on the future success of the company. Audantic specializes in big data, predictive modeling, and machine learning for the real estate industry.*The Role*You will join our data science and engineering team but work closely with product managers, client success managers, and senior leadership to inform the organization and drive data-driven decisions. Your activities will be varied which may include developing processes for testing and ensuring data quality, building dashboards to measure product success and analytics to support sales, and working closely with a client success manager to address specific problems that clients may face.*Our Requirements** Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field* At least 1 year of experience in an analyst role or similar; at least 3 years of experience if no bachelor’s degree* Strong analytical and problem-solving skills* Ability to extract actionable business recommendations from data and effectively convey these findings to technical and non-technical stakeholders* Ability to manage own work on multiple projects and turn vague requirements into effective solutions* Proficiency with SQL and relational databases; non-relational databases a plus* Proficiency with Microsoft Excel (formulas, plotting, etc.)* Experience creating and maintaining reporting, visualizations, and dashboards in Tableau, Looker, or similar tool* Experience manipulating data for analysis and visualization with Python or other programming language* Excellent oral and written communication skills*We Look For*Initiative, along with a passion for working with data and a curiosity to explore and learn*We Provide** 100% remote work* Competitive salary* 100% paid medical, dental and vision insurance for full-time employees* 401(k) plan with employer matching* Paid Time Off* Customized monthly perks* Skill building with paid trainings on platforms and programsJob Type: Full-timePay: $55,000.00 - $80,000.00 per yearSchedule:* Monday to FridayEducation:* Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:* Data analytics: 1 year (Required)* SQL and relational databases: 1 year (Required)* Tableau, Looker or similar tool: 1 year (Required)* Python or other programming language: 1 year (Required)Work Location:* Fully RemoteThis Company Describes Its Culture as:* Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused* Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking* Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureCompany's website:* https://audantic.com/Work Remotely:* Yes",3.0,"Audantic
3.0","Seattle, WA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
207,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"DATA ANALYST I, II, or IIIWHY WORK WITH EDULOG?Work with talented, interesting, and fun co-workers in a growing and dynamic company! EDULOG offers exciting opportunities to enhance your career in a custom software company. You will join teams that improve student transportation systems across the U.S. and internationally, most specifically by partnering with new and long-term customers whose relationships are key to EDULOG’s success. If you are looking for a dynamic company in which to expand your knowledge and experience professional growth, consider EDULOG for a collaborative atmosphere where quality customer attention and your efforts are appreciated. SUMMARY & OBJECTIVE Specialty Services team staff are responsible for advanced aspects of application analysis, support, triage, and product functions. Team members develop creative and effective ways of addressing customer concerns, in order to maintain a high level of customer satisfaction. The person in this position is responsible for analyzing, defining, and proposing client software problem fixes. Efforts are focused on advanced software features - developing software enhancements, improving existing software, developing new modules, and adding functions in collaboration with school districts, end-users, and project managers. This person reports to the company headquarters’ Specialty Services Manager and/or AVP of Client Services. PRIMARY FUNCTIONS Test software code coordinates testing with multiple users, compiles and analyzes test results, makes corrections and improvements as necessary to tune programs for optimum performance, for the purpose of ensuring proper system utility and advancing program functioning. Organize and facilitate client problem-solving sessions to better understand user preferences for product development and software functionality Help define and report back on key performance indicators in order to drive product development Improves client references by writing and maintaining documentation Improves practical software application by recommending methods and techniques for the overall system performance Support EDULOG’s proprietary routing and planning school bus delivery system software used by School Districts primarily in the US and Canada Attends to customer quality improvement needs. Offers courteous and responsive customer service. Continuous learning and awareness of technology changes affecting company products. Smarter Transportation. Education Logistics, Inc. | 3000 Palmer Street | Missoula, MT 59808 | www.edulog.com Education Logistics, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Contributes to team project outcomes and overall collaboration with co-workers. EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS & QUALIFICATIONS 1+ years of previous technical application support experience 6 months related to data analysis and software troubleshooting experience. Courteous, responsive, and articulate verbal and written communication skills Technical program & project analysis skills. Transportation industry experience preferred. Criminal background clearance required to comply with school district contracts EDULOG offers experienced mentors and a congenial workplace in which to experience professional growth and development. Join us!TO APPLY: Please visit our website at https://www.edulog.com/employment/ to complete an application, and submit your cover letter and resume.Job Type: Full-timePay: Up to $1.00 per hourBenefits:* 401(k)* Dental insurance* Disability insurance* Employee assistance program* Flexible spending account* Health insurance* Life insurance* Paid time off* Vision insuranceSchedule:* Monday to FridayWork Location:* One locationCompany's website:* https://www.edulog.com/employment/Benefit Conditions:* Waiting period may apply* Only full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:* Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.4,"EDULOG
2.4","Missoula, MT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
208,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Req Ref No: DKILDA2211
Location: Chicago, IL
Duration: 3.0 months

Description

Description:

Enters data into databases (i.e., names, addresses, etc.). Conducts queries. May analyze data. Creates/designs reports or forms (i.e., mailing lists, customer records, etc.).
Modifies databases. Possesses strong knowledge of database software (i.e., Microsoft Access) and possibly other software (i.e., word processing, presentation graphics, etc.).
May possess strong project management, communication and organization skills.

Note :

role is offsite for now
Work from home is currently in place.
Contractor will have to have their own PC for access

VIVA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants have an equal opportunity for placement, and all employees have an equal opportunity to develop on the job. This means that VIVA will not discriminate against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.",4.7,"VIVA USA
4.7","Chicago, IL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
209,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst


Date Posted: 12/9/2018

Primary Duties
- Uses InfoMaker and/or SQL to run queries to extract student, graduate, faculty employee, and other information from the Jenzabar Ex software system
- Performs appropriate tests to ensure accuracy and consistency of all data, documents query/report criteria and processes to ensure consistent application of methodology in future projects
- Builds and maintains at least four database systems (student, graduate, faculty, and staff) for ease of completing multi-year data summaries for dissemination
- Acquires, organizes, analyzes, and synthesizes data and results from internal and external data sources to produce meaningful and accurate reports including the annual Fact Book
- Completes all required and requested institutional surveys
- Updates and maintains the Institutional Research and the Quality Enhancement Plan (IR/QEP) Manual
Other Duties
- Develops an effective system using sound strategies for obtaining quality data from various internal and external sources
- Prepares statistical reports on operational performance of the IR/QEP office and the IAER Title III activity as requested (weekly, monthly, quarterly and annually)
- Interacts with Paine's faculty, staff and administration as a group, sub-groups, or individually to identify suitable data, information, and research needs in collaboration with the IR/QEP and IAER
Qualifications
Education: Bachelor's degree required, master's degree preferred, in the field of computer science, statistics, mathematics, information systems, economics or other field that included significant coursework in a related field from a regionally or nationally accredited college or university.
Experience: Minimum of three (3) years' experience as a Data Analyst or in a related position, minimum of two (2) years of experience extracting data from a query system such as InfoMaker or from a relational database such as Jenzabar Ex using another query system, experience maintaining and reporting data for a college or university's Institutional Research office, advanced level experience collecting and analyzing complex data, both narrative and statistical; experience maintaining and reporting data for a college or university's Institutional Research website would be an excellent asset
Other
- Strong analytical skills including, but not limited to, data analysis A
- Ability to collect data from internally or externally developed surveys, process and analyze data, and prepare reports for dissemination of results to stakeholders with minimum supervision
- Intermediate to advanced ability to use all Microsoft Office 365 components
- Excellent communication (verbal and written)/interpersonal skills
- Successful history of handling confidential information and completing assignments when deadlines are critical
- Ability to explain concepts/data to technical and non-technical personas/groups
- Ability to work effectively alone and with a team
- Must be able to deliver work in a timely and consistent manner
- Self-motivated and Innovative

Salary
Salary Range: $35,000 - $37,250
FLSA Classification: Exempt
Terms of Employment: 12 months",3.4,"Paine College
3.4","Augusta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1882,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
210,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"BacklotCars is seeking a Data Analyst to join our dynamic Data Operations team. We're an online marketplace for auto dealers and our platform is changing the way dealers buy/sell wholesale vehicles.

This person will partner with all departments to inform and track strategic initiatives with data. You'll move the business forward by working across all parts of the business--including Operations, Product, Tech, and Finance--to make data available and transparent so teams can make data-driven decisions.

What You'll Do:
Inspire and influence a data-driven culture by partnering and collaborating with stakeholders across teams
Leverage data to understand users and their product usage, developing insights that apply to product, marketing, and other business strategy.
Interpret data within the context of business goals and objectives, identify trends, and explore data through a variety of segments and cohorts
Build and maintain clear, concise, and accurate dashboards, standardize data communication processes, and create actionable reports
Improve and automate data tasks and continuously refresh existing data extraction, aggregation, and analytical processes
Partner with executives, product managers, engineers, marketers, designers to translate data insights into smarter decisions and applications.
What You'll Need:
1-3 years experience in product analytics, ETLs, other integrations technologies
Experience or exposure to Domo considered a huge plus
Programming experience highly preferred (Python, Javascript) - external data to augment our processes is frequent and you'll need the tools to harvest your own
Strong critical thinking and logic problem solving skills.
Extensive experience and passion for data, metrics and dashboards visualizations
Highly skilled at writing SQL and experience with SQL backend systems
Strong communication and presentation skills
independent and driven personality.
Degree in a related field or equivalent experience (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Math, Sciences, Engineering)
Why You Want To Work Here:
Cool people, solving cool problems to disrupt the marketplace
We value your input. You will have the opportunity to not only lead the growth on a new market but help us to continually improve our products and solutions
Opportunity to get in on the ""ground floor"" of a growing company
About Us:

BacklotCars is an online marketplace for auto dealers and is changing the way auto dealers buy/sell wholesale vehicles.

Through BacklotCars, auto dealers, auto finance, and rental car companies can transact without having to go to physical auctions. Our end to end solution is truly seamless for dealers, as BacklotCars provides vehicle inspections, transportation, and inventory finance. Our mission is to make wholesale easy so dealers can be more successful

The team at BacklotCars includes professionals from both inside and outside the auto industry, which gives us a unique perspective on its problems and innovative solutions. We blend our deep expertise in the auto industry and technology to modernize auto wholesale.

We were founded in Kansas City and graduated from 500 Startups, a prestigious accelerator in Silicon Valley. Since launching, we've seen tremendous growth and now help dealers buy and sell thousands of cars a month across 25 states. As one of the fastest growing early-stage startups in the region, we've attracted investors from all over the world.

We are looking for individuals who share our growth mindset, and who are ready to execute on ideas that will change an industry. Join us as we keep this expansion rolling.",4.3,"BacklotCars
4.3","Kansas City, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
211,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking to place a mid-level Data Analyst to provide on-site support at Joint Base San Antonio (JBSA) Lackland, TX.
RESPONSIBILITIES: *
Attend meetings to facilitate discussions with clients on NexGen (TRIRIGA) continuous process improvements.
Conduct reviews of NexGen entries to ensure submittals meet requirements outlined in Air Force Instructions (AFIs) and playbooks.
Update and/or develop training material in line with NexGen process improvement efforts.
Function as an integral part of the JBSA Civil Engineering team.
Collect, analysis and present NexGen analytical data.
Assist installation-level and other users with navigating and populating newly deployed web-based NexGen data systems.
Provide training and guidance to users and junior staff.

JOB REQUIREMENTS*:
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Technology, Business, or a relevant area.
Minimum of six (6) years of experience in related, preferred with the Department of Defense (DoD) or Air Force (AF).
Knowledge of and experience with working with government systems and supporting Aur Force Operations and Engineering programs.
Proficiency in and experience with navigating, populating, and supporting NexGen (TRIRIGA) and SharePoint.
Experience with tracking and workflow management.
Experience in developing and delivering training sessions.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Hands on experience with cloud-based video technology for training delivery.
An adjudicated National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI), Common Access Card (CAC) preferred, within the last two (2) years.
Why AGEISS Inc: *
AGEISS Inc. is a 32-year successful woman-owned Federal consulting firm offering a full range of comprehensive employee benefits.
About AGEISS Inc: *
AGEISS provides engineering, environmental, and advisory and assistance services to Federal agencies nationwide and overseas. Building on our 32 years of success, AGEISS continues to expand its professional services while earning exceptional levels of customer satisfaction. AGEISS’ headquarters is in Colorado, with additional locations in more than 36 states. AGEISS is a woman-owned and operated business, and a successful graduate of the 8(a) program.

Please submit resume, references, and salary requirements to our *online application *and resume to *jobs @ageiss-inc.com.*
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, Female/Minority/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.*
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Business: 5 years (Required)
NEXGEN: 6 years (Required)
Air Force: 6 years (Required)
Technology: 5 years (Required)
TRIRIGA: 6 years (Required)
Engineering: 5 years (Required)
Department of Defense: 6 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
http://www.ageiss.com/cms/
Work Remotely:
No",4.6,"AGEISS Inc.
4.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1988,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
212,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Jackson Family Wines is much more than a family owned wine company. We're risk-taking innovators with a strong belief that quality is paramount. We're always on the lookout for top talent -- individuals who possess a strong work ethic, commitment to quality and share our beliefs in healthy lands and a healthy community. In 2019, we were selected as one of the North Bay Business Journal's Best Places to Work for the fifth year running.

SUMMARY

Data Analyst

The Data Analyst position will capture, manage, analyze, and apply customer knowledge to help Jackson Family Wines win, support and retain customers. To succeed, this person will partner with Direct-to-Consumer teams to define, develop, deliver and support technology solutions that align with department goals and business strategy. This includes capturing customer data from all sources, managing across customer-facing systems and functions as well as partner with Business Analysts to obtain actionable insights.

A successful candidate will have proven experience in producing reporting, dashboards and visualizing insights; expertise in pattern mining and business analytics. This role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data mining and processing along with the creativity to invent and customize as needed.

Responsibilities
Proficient in the analysis, design, development, debugging, and support of data ecosystems including data management, governance, and ETL integration processes to generate insights
Participates in the development of statistical and predictive models and leveraging machine learning algorithms
Take ownership of both recurring/standardized reporting as well as ad hoc projects and requests
Lead the analysis of transactional and customer data, including cross-tabulations and statistical analysis, provide insights into purchasing patterns, develop hypotheses about trends, and translate results into actionable recommendations for business partners
Responsible for business analytics work through all phases, including data quality, data analysis, data visualization, and presentation of results and deliverables
Design and create scalable BI analytic solutions that provide insights into business KPIs. Analytic solutions to cover data acquisition, storage in data warehouse, automation, and visualization of insights
Quantify the impact of DTC sales and marketing initiatives on customer success and future behavior
Develop reusable analytics and assets working closely with the Data Warehouse/BI team to ensure scalability of analytical outputs
Build relationships with customers and peers and work closely with them to influence the design of acceptable solutions
Qualifications
Ability to operate comfortably, and effectively, in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment
Intermediate to advanced experience with an enterprise reporting/BI platform (Power BI preferred)
Proficient with SQL, creating stored procedures, and data models
Advanced knowledge of relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS)
Proficient at creating, testing and supporting ETL processes with modern integration tools
Experience with R, Python, or similar scripting language
Knowledge of statistical and predictive data models
Ability to work effectively with data, BI developers and consumer research and insights partners to meet the data needs of the business, translating business needs into analytical requirements
Desire to take proactive ownership of the accuracy and timeliness of reported data
Education: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, Economics or related field

Experience: 3-8 years of exemplary experience in a business analyst, data analyst or similar role. Wine industry and/or CPG experience preferred.",3.7,"Jackson Family Wines
3.7","Santa Rosa, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
213,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

Donegal Insurance Group is a regional property-casualty insurance company doing business in 26 states, headquartered in Marietta, PA, with 7 regional offices located in Athens, GA, Le Mars, IA, Grand Rapids, MI, Albuquerque, NM, Greenville, OH, Glen Allen, VA, and Sheboygan Falls, WI.

Donegal offers a broad range of personal and commercial insurance products sold exclusively through our network of independent agents. We are committed to the independent agency system and proud of the company's heritage, which spans over 130 years. Donegal's strong financial foundation and successful operating strategies have earned the company a rating of 'A' (Excellent) by the A.M. Best Company, the nation's leading insurance rating organization.

Job Summary

Donegal Insurance Group has an opening for a Data Analyst to work in the Business Intelligence area. Primary responsibility will be to provide data for business intelligence solutions for all functional areas based on business need. This role will work closely with IT to acquire data, identify analytical requirements and perform business analysis using various techniques, e.g. statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, data mining. This role will help in determining best practices and develop actionable insights and recommendations for the current business operations. This role will help ensure business intelligence applications and analyses enhance business decision-making capabilities.

Responsibilities and Duties
Based on business requirements, provide data from multiple sources for use in building analytical solutions which enhance decision-making and/or refine operations.
Aid in the interpretation of results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining.
Coordinate the use of data to develop, modify, and enhance reports and dashboards based on user requirements.
Create, enhance, and maintain data models/sets.
Identify business trends and problems through data analysis.
Collaborate with business users and members of IT, including business analysts, database architects, and managers.
Gather and document user requirements.
Perform usability testing and report data validation against end user requirements.
Gain familiarity with data structure in the Donegal data warehouse and various data marts.
Exhibit a commitment to data quality by validating results against requirements.
Ensure duties are performed in adherence to all Federal, State, and Local laws and regulations.
Comply with guidelines, policies, and directives outlined in the company handbook and department manuals.
Provide timely, courteous, and quality customer service to customers.
Clearly demonstrate commitment and participation to team goals and objectives.
Reliable attendance and punctuality.
Qualifications and Skills
Bachelors Degree in Business Intelligence, Computer Sciences, Information Technology, Data Science, Data & Analytics, Mathematics, Statistics, Actuarial Science or related field required.
1-2 years of related experience preferred.
Experience working with property/casualty insurance preferred
PC skills to include:
Microsoft Office applications
Power BI, SSRS and Excel
SQL
Oracle
Relational and dimensional modeling concepts
DAX and M expression languages
Open-Source Software (e.g. R / Python)
Benefits

Donegal Insurance Group offers a comprehensive benefits package for all full-time, permanent positions. Learn more about our benefit offerings by visiting our Benefits page.

Additional Information

Donegal Insurance Group participates in E-Verify in the following states: Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nebraska, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Utah. If you reside in one of the listed states, please review the ""Notice of E-Verify Participation"" and the ""Right to Work Poster"" on the links below:
Notice of E-Verify Participation Poster (English and Spanish)
Right to Work Poster (English and Spanish)
Powered by JazzHR",3.7,"Donegal Insurance Group
3.7","Marietta, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1889,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
214,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description
Are you a Data Analyst in Washington D.C. with a focus on collecting data-driven insights to inform digital marketing strategy (especially within the email channel)? Do you create and maintain dashboards? Deliver reports of campaign results? Provide advice to stakeholders? Do you have experience analyzing data for Salesforce email campaigns? Are you looking for a fantastic full time opportunity in DC? Interested? Let's talk!

You Will:
Simultaneously create and manage multiple analytical projects campaigns across different platforms and different clients
Contribute data driven insight to strategic decisions in integrated campaign delivery
Provide advice to stakeholders on the business case for campaigns in terms of their objectives and contributions to KPIs
Support in maintaining dashboards that pull information from multiple sources and are viewable by the client
Collect and use data to inform new campaigns and the evaluation of existing campaigns
Deliver regular reports of campaign results, including web analysis and evaluation of KPIs
Constantly pushing forward our data strategy and philosophies
You Have:
At least two years’ experience in a data analytical role
An inquisitive mind and strong communication skills (written and verbal)
Stand as a credible SME for media buying and data driven marketing
Strong mathematical skills and an analytical mindset
Experience working with Tableau, Domo, Power BI or other business insight tool. Knowledge of Google Analytics, Tableau, SQL, R, SAS and Advanced Excel an advantage
An interest in understanding how marketing algorithms work
A desire to use future technologies such as TensorFlow, Open AI Gym etc.
Self-motivated and entrepreneurial in spirit
Logistics:
Full time, salaried role with benefits!
Must live in the DC area
Job # 46938

Rachel@artisantalent.com",4.6,"Artisan Talent
4.6","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1988,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
215,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Search by Keyword
More Options

Clear

Loading...

Title

All

Country/Region

All

×

Send me alerts every days
alert frequency in every certain days
Create Alert

form.emailsubscribe-form {
display: none;
}
×

Send me alerts every days
alert frequency in every certain days

Apply now »



Data Analyst

Date:

Sep 9, 2020

Country/Region:

US

City:

Findlay OH

OH

Job Requisition:

31769

Cooper Tire offers an entirely unique work experience because no matter what your title is, you’ll play a part in contributing to the development, manufacturing and marketing of some of the most innovative tire products in the world. Cooper is a fun and exciting place to work. We are constantly on the lookout for motivated individuals who lead by example and inspire others to greatness. The opportunities are endless and the rewards rich for those who believe that job satisfaction and career success begin with a satisfied customer. Careers are a Journey…Come Ride with Us!

The IT Data Analyst is charged with effectively managing Cooper Tire & Rubber Company’s master data within its ERP/SAP systems. This position will be focused in the Global Operations space supporting the Manufacturing Plants, Corporate Purchasing and Corporate Quality globally but will have opportunities to cross-train in Customer, Material, and other master data functions.

Job Responsibilities:
Maintain data integrity to ensure that standards are being followed and data is consistently maintained and enhanced where possible to meet business needs.Define data standards where required coordinating with appropriate stakeholders.
Facilitate master data workflow processes by working directly with customers to ensure timely completion and process adherence.
Understanding of Technical business and strategy to execute and support the development and utilization of effective and insightful reports and visualizations.
Initiate and participate in projects or actions to improve the overall performance and quality of master data handling, including workflow development, data profiling, data score-carding and creation and maintenance of data dictionaries.
Provide on-demand/ad-hoc data manipulation/analysis as requested by Technical business.
Design of Technical Data Strategy based on Global strategy (IT and Global Operations).
Review requests for new or modified master data to ensure they are in line with business rules.
Respond to or appropriately redirect all Technical data requests.
Collaborate with other data analysts within IT and the businessareas globally to standardize data and set strategy to support all business analytics.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Marketing, or Business related field
2+ years of experience in Data Management, Business Administration, Product development, Marketing/Customer Service
Strong communication skills and the ability to work with all levels of the business, employees, consultants, and contractors
Team oriented with the ability to promote the successful advancement of the group
High quality analytical skills, the ability to pay attention to details
Self-motivated and the capability to work with limited direction
Ability to identify priorities, deadlines, and expectations and execute assignments accordingly
Preferred Qualifications:
Green Belt Certification
Experience working with SAP Master Data & data structures
Experience with Winshuttle Foundation and Studio
Working knowledge of Service Now tools
Cooper Tire is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We strive to recruit, develop and retain top candidates by providing an engaging culture and opportunities to grow and develop. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, status as an individual with a disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

Nearest Major Market: Lima
Nearest Secondary Market: Findlay
Job Segment:
Database, Data Analyst, ERP, Product Development, SAP, Technology, Data, Research

Apply now »

Find similar jobs:
Information Technology

Apply now »



Data Analyst

Date:

Sep 9, 2020

Country/Region:

US

City:

Findlay OH

OH

Job Requisition:

31769

Cooper Tire offers an entirely unique work experience because no matter what your title is, you’ll play a part in contributing to the development, manufacturing and marketing of some of the most innovative tire products in the world. Cooper is a fun and exciting place to work. We are constantly on the lookout for motivated individuals who lead by example and inspire others to greatness. The opportunities are endless and the rewards rich for those who believe that job satisfaction and career success begin with a satisfied customer. Careers are a Journey…Come Ride with Us!

The IT Data Analyst is charged with effectively managing Cooper Tire & Rubber Company’s master data within its ERP/SAP systems. This position will be focused in the Global Operations space supporting the Manufacturing Plants, Corporate Purchasing and Corporate Quality globally but will have opportunities to cross-train in Customer, Material, and other master data functions.

Job Responsibilities:
Maintain data integrity to ensure that standards are being followed and data is consistently maintained and enhanced where possible to meet business needs.Define data standards where required coordinating with appropriate stakeholders.
Facilitate master data workflow processes by working directly with customers to ensure timely completion and process adherence.
Understanding of Technical business and strategy to execute and support the development and utilization of effective and insightful reports and visualizations.
Initiate and participate in projects or actions to improve the overall performance and quality of master data handling, including workflow development, data profiling, data score-carding and creation and maintenance of data dictionaries.
Provide on-demand/ad-hoc data manipulation/analysis as requested by Technical business.
Design of Technical Data Strategy based on Global strategy (IT and Global Operations).
Review requests for new or modified master data to ensure they are in line with business rules.
Respond to or appropriately redirect all Technical data requests.
Collaborate with other data analysts within IT and the businessareas globally to standardize data and set strategy to support all business analytics.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Marketing, or Business related field
2+ years of experience in Data Management, Business Administration, Product development, Marketing/Customer Service
Strong communication skills and the ability to work with all levels of the business, employees, consultants, and contractors
Team oriented with the ability to promote the successful advancement of the group
High quality analytical skills, the ability to pay attention to details
Self-motivated and the capability to work with limited direction
Ability to identify priorities, deadlines, and expectations and execute assignments accordingly
Preferred Qualifications:
Green Belt Certification
Experience working with SAP Master Data & data structures
Experience with Winshuttle Foundation and Studio
Working knowledge of Service Now tools
Cooper Tire is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We strive to recruit, develop and retain top candidates by providing an engaging culture and opportunities to grow and develop. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, status as an individual with a disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

Nearest Major Market: Lima
Nearest Secondary Market: Findlay
Job Segment:
Database, Data Analyst, ERP, Product Development, SAP, Technology, Data, Research

Apply now »",3.3,"Cooper Tire & Rubber
3.3","Findlay, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1914,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
216,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Reporting to the Data Analytics Manager the Data Analyst is responsible for designing and building complex business/client reports, and dashboards using business intelligent tools and automating them to be self-served by internal and external users.Essential Duties/ResponsibilitiesPartner with internal teams to consult and gather requirements to develop and implement, automated reporting and or dashboardsAble to identify data sources and retrieve data from multiple data platforms across Cofense productsResponsible for knowledge of data governance, data privacy, business processes and strategic reportingWork with Data Engineering team to define metrics/measure for Data Warehouse/Data LakeAnalyze Cofense’s product data to identify trends and insights for client reportingInterpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and timely deliver reports to clients/consultantsOther duties as assignedThe above statements are neither intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job described, nor are they intended to be a listing of all of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Rather, they are intended only to describe the general nature of the job. This job description is not a contract of employment, either express or implied. Employment with Cofense will be voluntarily entered into and your employment is considered at will. Cofense reserves the right to alter the job description at any time without notice.Knowledge, Skills and Abilities RequiredStrong verbal/written communication and presentation skills to translate ambiguous/complex requirements and deliver projects updatesSound understanding of Data Analytics best practices and methodologies; experience with relational structures, structured query language (SQL), data warehouse and reporting techniques preferredIntermediate Python Data Science skills including: Pandas/NumPy DataFrame manipulation and Excel report generationProven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop use casesHas accountability, sound personal judgment, capacity to handle confidential information appropriately and effectively escalate issuesExcellent attention to detail and strong problem-solving skillsSelf-starter who is comfortable with ambiguityAbility to manage multiple projects and tasks simultaneously and have experience collaborating with cross-functional teamsAbility to develop Forecasting, Historical Trends, Customer Health Analytics and Customer Lifetime ValueEducation and/or Experience:Bachelor’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, Economics, Finance, Data Sciences or related field4+ years of industry (preferably Cybersecurity) experience in data analytics, financial/business planning, or operations3+ years in SQL programming and manipulating large data sets across multiple disparate databases3+ years advanced proficiency in Excel (including VBA, Pivot Tables, array functions, Power Pivots, etc.)Extensive experience in one or more BI technologies (PowerBI, Tableau etc.), preferably Power BIExperience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Power Pivot, Excel, Python, SAS, R etc.) preferredDemonstrated experience in gathering and handling large data sets across disparate database platforms preferredWorked as business/client reporting analyst, in a dynamic fast paced environment, with demonstrated reporting, analytical, and database experienceCofense is committed to equal employment opportunity. We will not discriminate against employees or applicants for employment on any legally recognized basis [protected class] including, but not limited to: veteran status, uniform service member status, race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, genetic information or any other status or characteristic protected by applicable national, federal, state or local laws and ordinances. We adhere to these commitments in all aspects of employment, including recruitment, hiring, training, compensation, promotion, benefits, and discipline.Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with DisabilitiesThe contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.4,"Cofense Inc.
3.4","Leesburg, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
217,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Number: R0087573

Data Analyst, Mid

Key Role:

Identify and collect data sources, operationalize large data sets, and use scientific processes and technologies to discover business insights. Apply advanced consulting and extensive technical expertise and full industry knowledge. Develop innovative solutions to complex problems.

Basic Qualifications:

-3+ years of experience with applying data analytics, data science, mathematics, and statistics principles to deliver data-driven solutions for complex problems

-Experience with using technologies, including Python, R, or SQL

-Experience in collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams

-Experience in working with stakeholders to elicit requirements

-Ability to operate independently and manage self

-Secret clearance

-BA or BS degree

Additional Qualifications:

-Experience in a consulting or client-facing environment

-Experience with working in an Agile development environment

-Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills, including using presentation expertise to convey complex ideas to clients and internal staff

-MA or MS degree

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.",3.9,"Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
3.9","North Charleston, SC",-1,10000+ Employees,1914,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
218,Data Analyst,$38k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

Share

Job ID: FA-0100-559

Open Since: 2019-12-17

City: Redmond
State: Washington
Country: United States of America

Job Description:


Frontend Arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain a competitive advantage. We are continuously evolving how we work and how we look at business challenges, so we can continue to deliver measurable, sustainable solutions to our clients.

We are looking for a self-motivated ""Data Analyst"" with excellent communication and customer service skills.

Job Skills:
To be part of the product development team to help in different phases of the program
Skill sets- SQL queries preferably JUMP, Python
To be able to understand a large amount of data, understand the dependencies, relationship in order to drive useful insights
Should know the statistical along with product engineering/hardware background
Should be able to work in ambiguous situations
Minimum Experience: 10 Yrs

Education:

Must have a Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science or Engineering",4.5,"Frontend Arts
4.5","Redmond, WA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
219,Lead-Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Analyst Lead provides complex analysis of both quantitative and qualitative healthcare data from various data sources in support of institutional decisions. This person will bring significant value to both the technical and non-technical sides of the organization by performing and training others on complex exploratory analysis for further technical development or by developing or overseeing the development of high quality, impactful dashboards using charts, graphs, drilldown, navigation and other data visualization techniques. The position is responsible for the day-to-day design, development, monitoring, documentation and support of all products as well as mentoring and guiding all junior staff members.
Bachelor's degree in a related field is required
Master's degree in Computer Science, MIS or related area preferred
Eight (8) years' experience in a related position or IT area including five (5) years of data analytics experience building data visualization, scorecards, dashboards or reports using tools such as Cognos, DA2, SAS, Business Objects, Power BI, Tableau, Oracle or Sysbase is required
Experience with various coding systems such as SNODO, SNOMED, CPT-4, ID-9, ICD10-CM, ICD10-PCA preferred
Experience with Cerner is strongly preferred with knowledge regarding patient registration, orders, results, lab, diagnostics, coding, billing etc
Experience with SQL and knowledge of query tools to access data products such SQL Server and Oracle etc preferred
Experience with multidimensional data sources, clinical operations or clinical documentation is preferred
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.",4.7,"St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
4.7","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1962,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
220,Data Analyst II,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are seeking a *Data Analyst* for our client in RTP, NC! This is a 6 month contract position with the possibility of extension based on performance. Initially this position will be 100% remote for first 6 months and will reassess once site reopens.

The Data Analyst will perform varied types of data analysis to support downstream genomic prediction using phenotypic, genotypic and environmental information for our client. This candidate should have a strong knowledge in data extracting, compiling, checking, cleaning, assembling, and even modeling using Python or R. The hiring manager would prefer someone with a scientific or mathematical background with IT programming skills as listed below.
What we need from you as a specialist…*
Your curiosity and ability to learn and ask great questions.
Become an expert on our purpose and approach to help accelerate the development and deployment of genomic prediction in different crops.
Once you understand the transformation we’re bringing to our internal users, you’ll be able to communicate your methods and results effectively with those groups, with a goal of increasing their understanding and confidence on the prediction analytics.
Your superior business collecting, checking, cleaning, and even modeling data.
In most times, your will use the methods and tools developed internally by the company.
However, for some special data sets, you will need to develop your own scripts and program independently.
You will need to learn and understand our data and relationship among these data to better fit a model to them. Your skill in analyzing data and interpreting results.
Analyze data in an efficient way and deliver results in a timely manner.
You will need to create an analytics summary and interpret results to key stakeholders.
Regularly share that result with the team and adjust the models and methods based on the feedbacks and suggestions from key stakeholders.
Your team-based collaborative approach.
You will need to rely on business experts to guide your work plan, and to review your results and deliverables on a regular basis.
You will need to be open to the suggestions and comments from the team and key stakeholders and work as a team to produce the right assets.
Our teams-based approach means we only succeed when we all succeed!
Nuts and bolts of the job…*
Update data analysis methods and results regularly and interact with users from various teams and groups (responding to comments, answering questions, etc.)
Attend meetings for identifying key messages, developing appropriate analysis methods, and delivering results through analytical channels
Provide analytics and a complete understanding of the effectiveness of these analytics
Develop novel methods and models to improve the efficiency of our analytical pipelines
Hands-on experience with transferring results and recommendations to key stakeholders
Stay open and up-to-date with our stakeholders’ suggestions and proactively suggest new ideas
Deliver regular reports that summarize the key progresses monthly
Work with experts across different team and groups
Maintain a working knowledge of applications and best practices in different crops
Other evolving duties as the role blossoms
Do you have…*
Superior data compiling, checking, cleaning, and modeling skills using Python or R. Experience in both will be a plus. Programming with SAS, JAVA or other languages will be preference
2-3 years' experience in data analysis or data science areas, a knowledge of biology and genetics will be a plus.
Proven work experience planning and executing data analysis, knowing genomic prediction or machine learning will be a plus
360-Thinking
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in quantitative genetics, statistics, bio-statistics, or data science
Are you…*
Passionate on data analytics using genomic prediction or machine learning methods
Motivated as a self-starter that's deadline driven and task-oriented
Energetic, proactive, positive, flexible and able to thrive in a fast-paced, and ever-evolving environment
A team player who can take differing viewpoints into consideration and maintain grounded when decisions are in conflict with your perspective
A continuous learner who is eager to take on new challenges
Transparent and open, offering ideas and constructive feedback
CTG is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. CTG will assure equal opportunity and consideration to all applicants and employees in recruitment, selection, placement, training, benefits, compensation, promotion, transfer, and release of individuals without regard to race, creed, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, age, disability, marital or veteran status, citizenship status, or any other discriminatory factors as required by law. Our Affirmative Action program serves to promote occupational equality and diversity through good faith efforts. CTG is fully committed to promoting employment opportunities for members of protected classes.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $50,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Contract Length:
1 year
Full Time Opportunity:
Yes
Work Location:
One location
Fully Remote
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.5,"CTG
3.5","Durham, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1966,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
221,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you interested in applying your analytical and mathematical concepts expertise to further your career? Do you enjoy working in a collaborative, fun environment where success is rewarded?

Join us as Data Analyst where you will be responsible for leading analytics initiatives, provide expertise on mathematical concepts, and collaborate with other departments to identify and prioritize actionable insights. This role will perform analysis and provide reporting through Excel and dashboards within the credit union to support recommendations made to Senior Management. Qualified applicants will have to be able to communicate complex ideas to nontechnical stakeholders in a way they can easily understand. This position will also assist in implementing a data driven culture, single source of truth, and effective data governance.

Pay: Salaried position. Based on experience.

Hours: Full time, Monday – Friday, 8:30 – 5:00

Work location: Portsmouth, NH

The Day to Day:

Design, develop, maintain and evaluate statistical and predictive models to identify historical trends and forecast future performance.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes (CECL, members behavior, charge-offs, share of wallet, members lifetime value, etc.).
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance.
Proactively develop/evaluate ROI analysis on every promotional campaigns as well as credit union products and services.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of all data sources and data gathering techniques for various type of analyses.

We Can Offer You:

Training to support your career goals.The chance to make a difference in your community, through day-to-day interactions and volunteerism.
Career growth opportunities.
Paid vacation and holidays.
Comprehensive medical/dental/life benefits.
401(k) plan.
Tuition assistance.

Experience and Qualifications:

Master’s degree in Math, Statistics, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, or Business is required.
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role working with large data sets and/or other practical analysis skills.
Strong working knowledge of and experience with business intelligence tools (Spotfire, Tableau, Power BI, etc.) and databases (SQL, etc.).
Knowledge of statistics techniques (regressions, tree-based, etc.) and advanced experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, Access, Python, R, etc.).
Understanding of data infrastructure and ETL frameworks.
Adept knowledge of financial statements and supporting schedule components.
Ability to organize and manipulate large data sets to extrapolate conclusions.

Physical Requirements:

Ability to stand for up to 2 hours.
Ability to lift boxes up to 20 pounds.
Ability to use computers for up to 8 hours.
Ability to travel to other work locations as required, if needed.

If you are looking for an exciting career, Service Credit Union is the place! Join us today!

Equal Opportunity Employer",3.4,"Service Credit Union
3.4","Portsmouth, NH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1957,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
222,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

Share

Job ID: FA-0100-559

Open Since: 2019-12-17

City: Redmond
State: Washington
Country: United States of America

Job Description:


Frontend Arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain a competitive advantage. We are continuously evolving how we work and how we look at business challenges, so we can continue to deliver measurable, sustainable solutions to our clients.

We are looking for a self-motivated ""Data Analyst"" with excellent communication and customer service skills.

Job Skills:
To be part of the product development team to help in different phases of the program
Skill sets- SQL queries preferably JUMP, Python
To be able to understand a large amount of data, understand the dependencies, relationship in order to drive useful insights
Should know the statistical along with product engineering/hardware background
Should be able to work in ambiguous situations
Minimum Experience: 10 Yrs

Education:

Must have a Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science or Engineering",4.5,"Frontend Arts
4.5","Redmond, WA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
223,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

Expertise.com connects over 8 million consumers annually to the best local experts in their area, whether they need a dog walker, financial advisor, or wedding photographer. With over 200,000 providers across more than 200 different industries, we dive deep into figuring out what makes a professional the best in their area of expertise and how to help the reader find the professional best for them.

We're looking for a Data Analyst based in the Los Angeles (Encino) area to join full-time. You will be joining Expertise.com at a formative time where there is large amounts of data being gathered (including site analytics, Google rankings, marketing operations, and more), but little of it exposed to the business. You will play a major role in tapping into this data to help shape & define the business strategy and execution plan going forward.

What Youll Do
Influence business strategy by discovering and exposing compelling data insights
Translate data insights into actionable recommendations, balancing strategic objectives and tactical optimization
Ensure data integrity by testing and comparing similar data sources
Build and refine models to support business growth, such as pricing and forecasting
Consult with business leaders in Sales, Marketing, Operations, Content and other team members, helping define the business strategy
What Itll Take
2 to 5 plus years of experience in a data-oriented role
Highly skilled in building queries using SQL & analysis in Excel
Experience building visualizations in tools such as Tableau, Qlikview or PowerBI
Experience with Salesforce SOQL (APEX is a plus)
Experience with Python and API creation a plus
Must be intellectually curious, extremely detail oriented and passionate about learning new technologies
A hands-on, team player with a positive outlook, an entrepreneurial spirit, the capacity to thrive in ambiguity, and the willingness to adapt to the needs of the business
Ability to work with diverse remote teams.
B.S. in engineering, economics, applied math, stats or any other quantitative field (preferred)
Who We Are
Were a small but rapidly growing team driven by a bias-to-action mentality, balanced with a sense of humor.
We love to problem-solve creatively while keeping a sharp focus on the important drivers of the business.
We prioritize relentlessly to ensure that whatever we're working on is vital to our business' growth
Were results-focused, but not afraid of failure as we lean into change and pursue our goals.
Were open to new ideas and not afraid to break the status quo
Powered by JazzHR",-1,Expertise LLC,"Los Angeles, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Contract,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
224,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Role: Data Analyst
Location: Tempe, AZ
Duration: 6+ Months

Job Description:

A driven, experienced data analyst to join the Vendor Managed Inventory team who has a passion for solving problems with data, an eye for process improvement, and the skill to execute changes.
You'll be a great fit if you have the grit to persevere through challenging or ambiguous problems, love a chance to step away from your desk to understand and improve processes, and get excited about translating data into action.

Â
Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports to solve operational problems.
Be responsible for extracting, cleansing, and visualizing large data sets using the tools and techniques described above.
Plan and lead execution of identified process improvements and cross functional initiatives.
Proactively monitor existing reporting, identify areas of concern, and perform any additional analysis needed to understand underlying causes or nuances.
Deliver insights on urgent business challenges by performing ad hoc analysis and crafting accurate, easy to understand findings.
Forecast future performance based on impact of process improvements and changes to the business.
Work with management team to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segment.
Use data to create models that depict trends related to growth, consumption and forecast.
Work with Project managers to outline the specific data needs for each supplier negotiations.

Qualifications/Experience:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or similar field from an accredited undergraduate institution required.
2+ years of professional experience in data, reporting, and analytics.
Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team.
Strong attention to detail.
Strong analytical skills with proficiency in Microsoft SQL Server.
Experience with visualization software; Excel, Access, Pivot Tables, V-Look Up, Tableau proficiency a big plus.
Capable of managing competing priorities.
Ability to thrive (and preference to work) in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Ability to communicate confidently to senior leadership.",4.3,"Softcom Systems
4.3","Tempe, AZ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
225,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"DATA ANALYST
This position supports the Senior Operations Management team for daily portfolio analysis and operational strategy solutions. It is also responsible for the development and design of various reports, dashboards, and creative analytical solutions. The Analyst will also work closely with different department leaders to enhance everyday business processes. Business acumen, technical capacity, and critical thinking are imperative for this role.


WHAT DOES A DATA ANALYST DO EVERY DAY?
Gathers, documents, analyzes and draws conclusions from complex call center data based on independent research and analysis.
Develops models, methodologies, data analysis, financial modeling, trend analysis, pricing analysis, etc., to manage business needs and identify data anomalies for review, mitigation, and action, if required.
Presents analysis, metrics, data sources, alternative data sorts or recommendations to department management and operations.
Accountable for the accuracy and integrity of information, assumptions, sources of data, statistical/graphical representations, work process documentation and understanding of business value to support alternative recommendations.
Integrate work across relevant areas, developing strategies to enhance satisfaction and productivity, managing information and providing exceptional service to internal and external stakeholders.

WONDER IF YOU ARE A GOOD FIT?
Bachelor’s degree with major coursework in business, finance, mathematics, computer science or related field
Typically possesses at least 2+ years of experience conducting data analysis.
Must have experience with SQL and Excel for data analysis and presentation.
Demonstrated experience working with large data sets and loves to work with data
Demonstrated experience supporting multiple analytical projects.
Demonstrated experience establishing performance metrics and tracking results to optimize productivity and quality.
Demonstrated experience using Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio.
Must demonstrate effective resource and project planning, decision making, results delivery, team building, and the ability to stay current with relevant technology and innovation.
Must demonstrate strong ethics, influence and negotiation, leadership, interpersonal skills, communication, and the ability to effectively manage stress and engage in continuous learning.

Must be authorized to work in their country of residence (The United States or Canada)
Must be willing to submit up to a LEVEL II background and/or security investigation with a fingerprint. Job offers are contingent on background/security investigation results
Must be willing to submit to drug screening. Job offers are contingent on drug screening results.

WANT AN EMPLOYER THAT VALUES YOUR CONTRIBUTION?
We believe that hard work should pay off, so we make sure that our compensation and total rewards are competitive. Standard starting compensation is commensurate with experience. Regular reviews and raises are awarded based on tenure and performance, so our employees make more each year.
Employees earn paid time off as well as paid holidays and paid training opportunities. Regular daily, weekly and monthly incentives are part of the overall compensation our team members enjoy and include monetary incentive and prizes such as computers, tablets, phones, TV’s, trips, tickets, and even cars. In addition to our standard group benefits offering for full-time employees following 90-days of employment, all employees are eligible to opt for our MEC medical plan after only 30-days of employment. Benefits options and plans vary slightly by location.
JUST A FEW OF THE BENEFITS
Medical, Dental, and Vision Coverage Options
Paid Time-Off
Regular Raises
Work-at-Home Opportunities
Advancement Opportunity
Fun, Engaging Work Environment
Casual Dress Code
Cash and Prize Contests

NEED A SCHEDULE THAT WORKS WITH YOUR LIFE?
We can offer a wide range of scheduling options for qualified candidates. There are multiple shifts and weekly work variations available to our team members. Please ask a Talent Acquisition Specialist about the different types of creative scheduling options that are available at your location. Whether you are a busy parent, student, or just want control of your work-life balance, flexible, customized scheduling is one of the perks of working at our organization.

As an employer supporting critical Federal, State, Provincial, and Commercial clients, we have taken steps to ensure that we remain operational while taking every precaution possible to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and keep our employees safe.
Measures include social distancing for those working on-site, frequent deep cleaning and disinfecting of workstations and common areas, work-at-home option for eligible positions and programs, daily contactless temperature checks for those essential employees working on-site, travel policies limiting travel and mandatory quarantine, reporting and quarantine processes and policies for those exposed, and requesting masks to be worn when on-site employees are not at their workstation.
Most local positions offer work-at-home after training on-site; however, there are specific programs that are on-site only due to security requirements.
REGARDING MASKS
To help protect our candidates and employees, we are REQUESTING that all on-site candidates wear a mask to interviews and training. In locations where state or local government has mandated the use of masks, we will abide by the mandate, and REQUIRE masks be worn when on-location.
For more information on MCI’s response to COVID-19 please visit www.mci.world/covid-19.


This job operates in a professional office environment. While performing the duties of this job, the employee will be largely sedentary and will be required to sit/stand for long periods whle using a computer and telephone headset. The employee will be regularly required to operate a computer and other office equipment, including a phone, copier, and printer. The employee may occasionally be required to move about the office to accomplish tasks; reach in any direction; raise or lower objects, move objects from place to place, hold onto objects, and move or exert force up to forty (40) pounds.

Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) it is the policy of MCI and affiliates to provide reasonable accommodation when requested by a qualified applicant or employee with a disability unless such accommodation would cause undue hardship. The policy regarding requests for reasonable accommodation applies to all aspects of employment. If reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact Kate Murph, Vice President of Human Resources, kate.murph@mci.world.

At MCI and its subsidiaries, we embrace differences and believe diversity is a benefit to our employees, our company, our customers, and our community. All aspects of employment at MCI are based solely on a person's merit and qualifications. MCI maintains a work environment free from discrimination, one where employees are treated with dignity and respect. All employees share in the responsibility for fulfilling MCI's commitment to a diverse and equal opportunity work environment.
MCI does not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances. MCI will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements.
MCI will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. We adhere to these principles in all aspects of employment, including recruitment, hiring, training, compensation, promotion, benefits, social and recreational programs, and discipline. In addition, it is the policy of MCI to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified employees who have protected disabilities to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances where an employee works.

In 2019 Marlowe Companies Inc. (MCI) was named by Inc. Magazine as Iowa’s Fastest Growing Company in the State of Iowa and was named the 452nd Fastest Growing Privately Company in the USA, making the coveted top 500 for the first time. MCI’s subsidiaries had previously made Inc. Magazine's List of Fastest-Growing Companies 15 times respectively. MCI is headquartered in Iowa City, IA, and has nine customer contact management centers, IT services, and business process outsourcing service delivery facilities in Iowa, Georgia, Florida, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Nova Scotia, and South Dakota.
Driving modernization through digitalization, MCI ensures clients do more for less. MCI is the holding company for a diverse lineup of tech-enabled business services operating companies. MCI organically grows, acquires and operates companies that have a synergistic products and services portfolios, including but not limited to Automated Contact Center Solutions (ACCS), customer contact management, IT Services (IT Schedule 70), and Temporary and Administrative Professional Staffing (TAPS Schedule 736), Business Process Management (BPM), Business Process Outsourcing (BPO), Claims Processing, Collections, Customer Experience Provider (CXP), Customer Service, Digital Experience Provider (DXP), Account Receivables Management (ARM), Application Software Development, Managed Services, and Technology Services, to mid-market, Federal & enterprise partners.
MCI now employs 2,500+ talented individuals with 150+ diverse North American client partners across the following MCI brands: GravisApps, Mass Markets, MCI Federal Services (MFS), The Sydney Call Center, OnBrand24, and Valor Intelligent Processing (VIP).
MCI provides products and services under the following NAICS Codes: 511210 Software Publishers, 518210 Data Processing, Hosting, and Related Services, 519190 All Other Information Services, 524291 Claims Adjusting, 524292 Third Party Administration of Insurance and Pension Funds, 541511 Custom Computer Programming Services, 541512 Computer Systems Design Services, 541519 Other Computer Related Services, 541519 Information Technology, and Value Added Resellers, 541611 Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services, 541613 Marketing Consulting Services, 541690 Other Scientific and Technical Consulting Services, 541990 All Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, 561110 Office Administrative Services, 561320 Temporary Help Services, 561330 Professional Employer Organizations, 561421 Telephone Answering Services, 561422 Telemarketing Bureaus and Other Contact Centers, 561431 Private Mail Centers, 561440 Collection Agencies, 561499 All Other Business Support Services, 561990 All Other Support Services, 611430 Professional and Management Development Training.

The purpose of the above job description is to provide potential candidates with a general overview of the role. It's not an all-inclusive list of the duties, responsibilities, skills, and qualifications required for the job. You may be asked by your supervisors or managers to perform other duties. You will be evaluated in part based upon your performance of the tasks listed in this job description.

The employer has the right to revise this job description at any time. This job description is not a contract for employment, and either you or the employer may terminate employment at any time, for any reason.",-1,MCI | USA Nationwide Management,United States,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
226,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Patra

Patra Corporation is the worldwide leader in insurance back-office and account management business process outsourcing. Patra offers a wide range of services designed to lower costs, reduce risk and improve employee productivity through the transfer of account management and support functions, such as policy checking, certificate issuance, quality control and account audits, to operations centers in the U.S. and India.

About this job

We are looking for a highly detail-oriented and collaborative Data Analyst to join our Human Resources Team. You must have experience working with large data sets and understand how to manipulate and analyze them using various statistical and mathematical methods. This position will involve working with Patra’s India Human Resources team and analyze and review payroll, time keeping, retirement and benefit data. You ask “why” and thoughtfully questions systems and data they yield. Candidates must have at least two years of relevant data experience.

Core Duties

Analyze data using statistical methods
Expert with Microsoft Excel and various business intelligence and analytical tools
Create reports to share findings and recommendations with the internal team and other stakeholders
Collaborate with leaders and managers to determine and address data and reporting needs for various company projects
Create statistical models that depict company-wide trends
Perform testing and validation of data sets
Document structures and types of business data

Minimum Requirements - Education & Experience

2 + years of experience in a data analyst or relevant role
Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, information technology, or related field preferred

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Strong analytical capabilities
Understanding of data gathering, inspecting, cleansing, transforming, and modeling/diagramming techniques
Keen attention to detail
Excellent communication skills

Working Conditions

Work from home
Minimum internet speed of 6 mbps download and 3 mbps upload; no satellite

Compensation

Competitive Salary / Benefits / PTO

Physical Requirements*

Constantly perform desk-based computer tasks
Frequent sitting
Occasionally stand/walk, writing by hand, use of telephone, lift/carry/push/pull objects that weigh 11-20 pounds
Sort/file paperwork, rarely twist/bend/stoop/squat
Consistent with its obligations under the law, the Patra Corp will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.
Work Standards

Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates the ability to work well with Patra colleagues and clients and with external organizations
Promotes Culture of Respect & Safety: Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for safety and respect; communicates concerns; uses and promotes safe respectful behaviors based on training and lessons learned
Subject to and expected to comply with all applicable Patra Corp policies and procedures",4.0,"Patra Corporation
4.0","New Orleans, LA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
227,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

The Laboratory Chemicals Division (LCD) of XXX Scientific is seeking a talented hands-on Data Science Analyst to help drive the roadmap, adoption and execution of data science initiatives working closely with internal stakeholders and our company s expert Data Science teams.

This person will have a background in data science, data management and manipulation, as well as analytics to report on results achieved in the program. A solid understanding of data science plays and their execution via digital marketing and commercial tactics will provide a strong base for success in this role.

Responsibilities:
A self-starter and strategic thinker who looks after the day-to-day operations and roadmap of the Marketing Data Science Program within LCD
A collaborator who works with LCD Market Development, Product Management, and other internal teams to understand business needs, identify potential opportunities and help gather data from a wide range of sources to support the program
A key point of contact for our Data Science teams who helps match business needs with existing Data Science projects/opportunities and helps drive the creation of new data science projects to support business goals
A creative thinker who can help turn insights and output from Data Science algorithms into actionable tactics to be executed via our Digital Marketing platforms and with our Commercial teams
A program/project manager who keeps track of LCD Data Science efforts and reports progress to business partners and leadership
Qualifications:
BA/BA in Data Science or a related discipline
3-5 years hands-on experience working with Data Science plays or solutions
Ability to communicate and collaborate with commercial, marketing, and product management teams
Strong project management and organizational skills
Advanced Microsoft Excel and data manipulation skills
Experience with databases, CRMs (SFDC), analytics, segmentation and/or email systems (Eloqua)
Skill/Experience/Education
Data Science Analyst
Contingent Hourly (CWHR)-TEM.CWHR.A00
Special Needs",3.8,"Varite Inc
3.8","Carlsbad, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
228,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description:This position is part of a team of professionals providing a full range of Analysis, Analytics, Assessment, and Evaluation (A3E) capabilities. These activities involve collecting, collating, and presenting research and analysis results to leaders using tools such as dashboards, scorecards, and other web-based visualization capabilities for continuous improvement of mission and business performance.This position is based out of Fort Meade, Maryland. Currently, this position is 100% remote for the duration of the Covid-19 situation. Post-Covid, this position will be remote with periodic requirements to report on-site as required by the customer. This position may require both domestic and international travel. Requirements:The Data Analyst collects, translates, databases, and analyzes technical subject matter to provide actionable information for the customer. Working both independently and as part of a team, he/she will provide assessments on customer performance of their primary mission functions (media production, public affairs, visual information management, training and education) and support functions (human resource management, financial management, information and technology management, resource management, property accountability, supply chain management, facilities support, logistics support, etc.). Collaborates on the development and management of a cloud-based data lake and takes ownership of the data flow. Extracts information as required for recurring and ad hoc reporting requirements.Specific Tasks Include• Collaborating on collection management plans to gather and logically database information and data on all customer mission and support programs. Documents daily/ weekly/monthly process for reporting and analysis.• Create logic models, business process models, and other visual information artifacts as necessary to communicate analytical and evaluation results with the customer.• Analyze, assess, and evaluate the outputs, outcomes, and end-results of media products and services, as well as visual information, training and education, to include social media, digital distribution, Internet-based deliverables, etc. Provide baselines for comparison of future analytical collections.• Recommends measurable metrics based on independent and collaborative research of customer business units and their functions.• Develop procedures and coding to automate cloud-based tools to input data into a data lake and automate some analytical functions.• Performs all other duties and responsibilities as required.QualificationsEducation: Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in research analysis, natural sciences, social sciences, mathematics, education, computer science, media relations, or business/finance.Experience:Minimum of three (3) experience with information modeling, requirements analysis, and database design. Knowledgeable of social media analytics.Demonstrated ability to work independently with only general direction. Must be technologically proficient to include Microsoft Office, Google Suite products, and VISIO. Experience with analytical software (such as SPSS, SAS, R, and Python) preferred. Prior experience in a Department of Defense environment highly desirable.Current US military base access privileges preferred.Must hold at least a US Department of Defense Secret security clearance.",5.0,"Vistra Communications
5.0","Fort Meade, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
229,"Senior, Data Strategy Analyst",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"THE ROLE
The WeWork Customer Marketing & Technology is seeking a Data Analyst who will be responsible for leading tactical support for marketing campaigns, specifically for the technology, data, and reporting required to create member focused lifecycle projects. This includes providing critical insights, informing strategy, and executing on a diverse range of initiatives including member insights/analysis and lifecycle marketing (nurture, growth, upgrade/downgrade, churn, etc.) and strategic planning. This individual will be responsible for coordinating and maintaining multiple, simultaneous projects, and ensuring adherence to project requirements and best practices. A successful data analyst will be a key team player in the Central Marketing organization and play a central role in operationalizing and executing global marketing initiatives.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Support the Lifecycle Marketing team on strategic planning, targeting, implementation, and reporting
Partner with the Sales, Marketing, Community, Real Estate, People, and Finance teams to identify new marketing opportunities to continuously improve the Central Marketing organization’s impact and effectiveness
Assist in the day-to-day responsibilities of marketing execution, from hands-on operational work to project management, holding teams accountable for hitting goals and KPIs
Builds reporting dashboards to analyze customer journey from acquisition through churn, leveraging data-driven insights to advise on the segmentation strategy for an interactive personalized customer onboarding pilot
Partners with marketing stakeholders as a data and analytics subject matter expert: performing ad-hoc data pulls, advising on campaign strategy, and working closely with engineering and product teams to advocate for marketing’s data needs
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent
2-5 years of marketing experience at a startup or high-growth company
SQL, Looker, Tableau
Entry-level marketing/analytics experience preferred
Self-starter with ability to execute independently
Continuously seeking out opportunities to learn and improve
Highly creative and able to formulate a unique vision for our communities and members
Flexible and can adapt accordingly to newly formed organizations
Results-driven with ability to quickly solve complex problems
Exceptional attention to detail along with strong organizational, multi-tasking, and project management skills
Strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit
Passion for excellence, results, and team collaboration
Ability to think outside the box and explore new ways of executing projects
WeWork will not cover the cost of relocation for this position. Should your application be successful, you would be responsible for your own relocation expenses.",3.3,"WeWork
3.3","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,2010,Company - Private,Membership Organizations,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
230,Data Governance Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Governance Analyst will act as an intermediary between the business community and the technical community working with business clients, data stewards, and IT project teams to influence and drive our enterprise data governance program including data quality and data catalog implementation. The Data Governance Analyst will establish and ensure adherence to an enterprise data governance program framework for data policies, standards, and best practices. This role is data-centric and requires analysis and demonstrated knowledge in data governance and data quality to aid in building an enterprise data-driven culture.

Develop and maintain data governance policies, guidelines, standards, procedures, and communications in collaboration with data stewards and development teams.
Assist data stewards with the creation, documentation, and adherence of data governance standards.
Monitor and enforce compliance of data governance standards.
Participate in process mapping for data decision rights, and the development of business policies and practices for managing data.
Assist with the development and maintenance of data decision rights and stewardship.
Build partnerships with business stakeholders to anticipate opportunities for data management governance activities and projects.
Assist with the development and implementation of data quality standards, data protection standards and adoption requirements across the enterprise.
Assist in maintaining the business data catalog and ensuring data quality standards are met.
Maintain data governance processes and controls by working with project and business leaders to analyze the impact of future changes on critical data sources and mitigate any potential risks to data quality.
Estimate and assess impact of requested changes to assigned business stakeholders/systems.
Liaise with business systems stakeholders and software vendor’s implementation staff, ensuring alignment of business needs with delivery of systems changes.
Develop an understanding of operational needs to set the direction for the organization's workflows; proactively identify opportunities to improve business workflow with technology improvements.
Participate in training and work with end users.
Troubleshoot problems and questions.
Provide end-user support for data quality issues entered into issue tracking systems.
Review the status of projects and issues with project leadership.
Demonstrate flexibility with respect to changing end-user business needs.
Work within a cross-functional team.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Ability and willingness to take ownership of work activities and ensure that they are done in a timely, accurate and efficient manner.
Ability and willingness to recognize assignments or tasks that need to be completed, to seek out additional assignments or tasks and to help others.
Ability to communicate information clearly and concisely with project leadership, subject matter experts and key stakeholders.
Ability to persevere in difficult situations, overcome obstacles, and reach high levels of performance when faced with stressful work situations and time pressures.
Ability and willingness to learn new software applications.
Strong analytical skills, business intuition, and organizational ability.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to operate in a cross functional and complex matrix environment.
Adaptable, open to change and able to work in ambiguous situations and respond to new information or unexpected circumstances.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 90% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/MIS or related field; or High School Degree/General Education Diploma and 4 years of relevant experience in lieu of Bachelor's degree.
2+ years of experience in a Data Governance, Data Management or data centric role.
2+ years of experience with the identification/documentation of Data Governance policies & standards across the enterprise data management practices.
Basic computer skills to include Internet navigation, Email usage, and word processing.
Proficient in Microsoft Office.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
Professional working knowledge with Data Governance Principles.
Professional working knowledge with data management in a life sciences, healthcare or related industry.
Ability to facilitate and present to a variety of audiences.
#LI-MW1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.1,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.1","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
231,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"CELEBRATE YOUR PERSONALITY AND TEAM SPIRIT.
GROW THROUGH YOUR CHOICES.
MAKE YOUR MARK.

North Highland believes in unleashing potential together. It means we challenge thinking and build our clients’ capabilities so they are stronger for the long-term. It means we create and nurture an environment for our colleagues where sharing ideas isn’t just encouraged – it’s expected. And it means we give our skills, time, and passion to uplift our communities. We act, create, and build – not just talk.

Does that sound like you? If so, let’s connect.

Data & Analytics

Our Data & Analytics experts deliver fresh perspectives that help our clients realize their full potential and achieve high-impact results. We unite technical skill and industry expertise to drive transformations that make data-driven decision making attainable through customer analytics, data visualization, information management and data engineering. As a part of our team you’ll develop strategies that turn data into a competitive asset for our clients.

Why North Highland? Our employee ownership model enables you to grow through your choices and build the firm. We’ll provide challenging opportunities to learn, and we’ll coach you as you grow personally and professionally. We offer an array of resources and training (both on- and off-the job) to help our people expand their knowledge, sharpen their skills and aim for the next level.

At North Highland, you’re not a number. Our firm is large enough to scale up and tackle the most complex challenges, but small enough where we can each quickly make our mark for our clients.

We started as three leaders gathered around a kitchen table. Entrepreneurial spirits are welcome here.

Exciting work you will do:
Use Data & Analytics expertise to lead delivery across complex engagements, maximize delivery impact, transform the client’s thinking, and influence their decision making.
Own all aspects of delivery and client relationship building; focus on delivery excellence and creating lasting change for clients.
Dive deep into the challenges facing clients and think big to develop creative solutions to their toughest problems.
Develop trusted relationships with client executive teams and industry organizations that result in new business opportunities.
Contribute to the future of the firm by leading internal initiatives to build its capability and expertise in Data & Analytics.
Develop the firm’s long-term sales strategy to position and market its expertise with current and target accounts.
Be known as a recognized thought leader in Data & Analytics.
What you will need:
At least 3-7 years of hands-on data experience
Motivated self-starter enjoying the fast-paced world of analytics consulting
Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or Computer Engineering or other related fields
Solid interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal) to technical and non-technical audience of wide variety of levels including client-facing senior management
Analytical scripting language skills, such as Python, R, SAS
Data Visualization tools: Tableau, Qlikview, Power BI
Familiarity with the scripting data and machine learning ecosystems - (Jupyter Notebooks, scikit-learn, SciPy, NumPy, pandas, Matplotlib, TensorFlow, etc.)
Experience with wide array of analytical approaches (correlation analysis, predictive and explanatory modeling, data mining, unsupervised clustering, analysis of unstructured data)
Solid SQL skills via exposure to RDBMS’s such as Amazon Redshift, Google Cloud BigQuery, SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, postgres, etc.
Familiarity with cloud technologies Data warehouse (BigQuery, RedShift) / cloud storage (GS, S3) / app engine (GCP App Engine, AWS Elastic Beanstalk)
Experience with ""Big Data"" environments
Working knowledge of data movement ETL technologies Stored procedures, SSIS, Informatica, Alteryx
Ability to gather and document business requirements and translate them to technical requirements
Understanding of business functions (sales, finance, marketing, operations) and how they relate to business intelligence solutions
Has the investigative mindset and related skills that can be used with any number of tools to explore available data
Ability to self-direct and manage priorities; ability to handle issues that are not well-defined and/or conflict with available information; ability to successfully navigate ambiguity to resolution
Willingness to travel to fulfill client requirements and project needs
This would be a contract role through the end of year and can be 100% remote.
** Applicants must be authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship by North Highland. Work visa sponsorship will not be provided, now or in the future, for this position.

Click HERE to apply

North Highland is a global management consulting firm known for helping clients solve their most complex challenges related to customer experience, performance improvement, technology and digital, and transformation. We add value and support our clients across the full spectrum of consulting, from strategy through delivery. We bring the big ideas, then we make them real. North Highland is an employee-owned firm, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, with more than 3,000 consultants worldwide and 60+ offices around the globe. The firm is a member of Cordence Worldwide (www.cordenceworldwide.com), a global management consulting alliance. For more information, visit northhighland.com and connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook.

North Highland is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status.",3.3,"North Highland
3.3","Mooresville, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
232,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Client is seeking an experienced Data Analyst to join their Data & Analytics team. As a Data Analyst you will collaborate with technology and business teams to improve analytics that fosters data-driven decision making across the organization.

Primary Responsibilities
Passionate about solving customer problems and develop solutions that are customer focused
Participates in software design process including inception, technical design, development, testing, and delivery of solutions.
Support proper data governance processes and policies; implement and/or validate data lineage, quality checks, classification, etc.
Identify data inconsistencies, provide workarounds, and report them to stakeholders
Troubleshoot data issues, validate result sets, and implement process improvements
Discuss database structure and application data with developers and DBAs or others in data engineering to obtain best results from data
Identify and assess business strategies and opportunities; develop appropriate analytical approaches
Qualifications
Degree focused on Business Analytics, Statistics, or Mathematics
3+ years experience using data analyst methodologies
Strong communication skills
Demonstrates a strong understanding of analytics, data cleaning, model building, and statistics
Critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Insight into Python, R, and other programming languages
Experience with visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Excel, Power BI)
Ability to work with stakeholders to assess potential risks
Ability to translate business requirements into non-technical, lay terms
Understanding of addressing and metadata standards
High-level written and verbal communication skills",3.2,"Smart Synergies, Inc.
3.2","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
233,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"SundaySky has a unique and exciting opportunity to join an analytics group for a rapidly growing startup. Our product combines digital technology, advertising, consumer relationship management, and big data for the most recognizable brand names across multiple industries. We are seeking an energetic, self-starter that combines an analytical mind with creative problem-solving skills to use data to drive success. The ideal candidate approaches analysis as a path to strategic thinking that culminates in actionable insights through intuitive visualizations and tools. If you're the kind of person who obsesses over details, thrives in a dynamic, fast-paced collaborative startup environment, wants an opportunity to make a significant impact and jumps at the opportunity to take on new challenges, SundaySky is the place for you.
In a fast paced, ever-changing environment, you will be involved in the following
Developing a reporting platform to provide a unified view of results through dashboards and reports that will be accessed by all levels within SundaySky and external clients.
Partner with Product to drive priorities across reporting needs and implement analytics roadmap solutions
Actively communicate project progress and solution decisions across range of technical and business stakeholders
Maintaining data integrity working closely with R&D to organize and store data in a format that provides accurate data and allows the business to quickly identify both data and operational issues.
Building proactive analysis through data mining to identify trends and opportunities for product optimization.
Finding areas of opportunity to revenue expansion in client programs.
Proving value to strategic clients by developing data-driven stories in dynamic presentations.
Discovering best practices to reduce subjectivity, display industry leadership, and further develop our product.
Analyze and solve business problems at their root - stepping back to understand broader context and develop solutions to meet many different needs
Packaging and presenting analytical findings and clearly communicating (both written and verbal) program results and complex concepts to success managers, marketing, sales team, and the end client in both statistical and non-statistical terms.
Supporting sales and success management teams by providing data-driven industry overviews, information on research products, assisting with trouble-shooting issues, and answering questions that may arise from data issues and reports.
Become an expert in industry, customer and SundaySky measurement methodologies.


Requirements:
The ideal candidate will have the following experience and skillet:
• Minimum 3 years of experience in business analytics
• 3 years of experience and expertise with Tableau development
• Competency in statistical analytic techniques such as: time series data analysis, forecasting segmentation, uni-variate & multivariate statistical analysis, various metrics and key performance indicators, research & test design, significance testing, hypothesis testing, variance and growth calculations, return on investment
• Project management skills, including the abilities to handle multiple projects in a fast-paced environment and work effectively with colleagues and clients in diverse departments, geographic locations, and time zones. Balances desire for quantitative rigor with realities of inconsistent business data
• Critical thinking: capable of generating consistently accurate, useful reports as well as enthusiasm for translating data into actionable insight relevant to marketing program objectives
• Experience with the following tools:
• MS Office: Advanced Excel (Pivot tables, advanced macros, etc.) and PowerPoint
• Web analytics tools: Google Analytics, Omniture, DART, Coremetrics, etc.
• Open source statistical software: R or Python (similar to SAS, SPSS, etc.)
• Database (SQL, MySQL, NoSQL, Splunk, etc.)
• Experience with data visualization and/or an eye for design
• Proactive, independent thinker with high energy and positive attitude
• Bachelors degree (B.A. or B.Sc.) or equivalent.
• Experience with eCommerce / digital advertising best practices
• Willingness to take coaching for continuous personal development
• Experience working with a distributed team of Sales managers, project managers and technical support.
• Must be authorized to work in the US",4.2,"SundaySky
4.2","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
234,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Aerospace

Job Description

The Data Analyst is responsible for data entry and maintenance for integrating and uploading data into the SAP environment. As part of the Data team, this position is responsible for the accurate entry of data into SAP. The Data team is responsible for the efficient and effective management of part number master data. This will require an individual with good attention to detail, intermediate to advanced computer skills and ability to develop processes documents.

WHAT YOU'LL DO TO BE SUCCESSFUL:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required
Product Data – Responsible for managing product information levels to established standards
Maintain data to meet company standards and quality of information
Data includes images, technical specifications and other data elements
Manually populate non-automated data as necessary
Identify system enhancements to improve processes
Perform audits to ensure accuracy of assigned manufacturers or categories
Communicate with data providers to ensure complete product data is supplied
Request necessary information
Identify areas of improvement and provide feedback
Ensure materials are created correctly via download process
Create materials via proprietary systems and/or SAP
Process internal requests for creation
All other assigned duties
SKILLS NEEDED:
Associates degree or above from a college or university; or 3 years industry work experience.
Intermediate to advanced spreadsheet skills
Ability to analyze and troubleshoot information for resolution
Ability to work well in cross-functional teams
Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment
Assisting in establishing best-practices and development of content that improve the efficiency
Ability to meet aggressive service-level agreements
Ability to take a complex process or technology and create easy-to-follow copy
Excellent written and verbal communication, with strong editing skills
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel, Outlook and SAP
Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups
Ability to understand processes and identify areas of improvement
Ability to multi-task and demonstrate organizational details

Qualifications

Associates degree or above from a college or university; or 3 years industry work experience. data analysis and SAP

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",3.7,"Infotree Service Inc
3.7","Fairfield, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
235,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Must speak Mandarin!

Premier Logic is currently seeking a Data Analyst for an exciting role with a top Accounting Advisory company- this position can be done remotely!

Opportunity to work for a great company utilizing business transformation, data analytics & automation.We are looking for someone that has a background in investigations, disputes (litigation, regulatory actions, etc.), or other legal-related consulting. You will be performing on-site data modeling, data migration, writing technical documentation and workflow optimization. Experience in forensics and fraud is a plus.

Must have a strong knowledge and experience in SQL analysis, especially using Microsoft SQL Server.

We prefer candidates who speak Mandarin but would also strongly consider candidates who don't speak Mandarin.

If you are interested in this exciting opportunity- please send me your resume to sarah.groff@premierlogic.com

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.4,"Premier Logic
3.4",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Unknown,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
236,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"BluePath Labs is a fast-growing research and management consulting company focused on solving challenging problems for government and private sector clients. BluePath is looking for Data Analysts to support the Department of Energy Office of Fossil Energy (FE). This is an exciting and fast paced opportunity to have a positive impact with the Department of Energy.

Education/Experience:

A minimum of three (3) years of experience that is directly relevant
A BS or BA degree (or an additional six (6) years of relevant experience in lieu of a degree).
Knowledge of Federal, DOE, and the Office of Fossil Energy is desirable

Role Responsibilities:

Examples of tasks to be performed under this position include:

Human Capital Support
Budget Formation and Execution
Regulatory Processing
Federal Employee Workforce Engagement
Communications Support
Continuity of Operations Support

Subject matter expertise in the functional areas of the Office of Fossil Energy and its programs may be needed during the life of the contract

About BluePath

BluePath Labs combines mission and business insights with advanced technologies to deliver measurable performance improvements for our clients. BluePath is dedicated to surpassing client expectations by always living by our core values of integrity, professionalism, and resilience. BluePath's extensive experience in Government, Military, Commercial, and Academic environments is unique among small businesses and a core differentiator of our solutions. Our multidisciplinary background allows us to solve diverse and complex problems. Most importantly, we work closely with our clients to frame problems correctly, optimize processes, leverage technologies, and implement enduring solutions. Labs are where ideas are born, experiments occur, and breakthroughs happen. It is the hallmark of BluePath's culture.

https://www.bluepathlabs.com/

BluePath is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",5.0,"BluePath Labs
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
237,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"RigUp is changing the way work is done. Each one of our teams exists to move us closer to our north star -- “to empower the people who power the world.” The Analytics team at RigUp is hiring a Data Analyst who will be responsible for helping RigUp make data-driven decisions to unlock growth.
We are looking for a strong data analyst to come join RigUp and help us drive analytic insights and best practices at scale from the ground up. Success in this role comes from marrying a strong data background with acute product and business acumen to deliver highly strategic and compelling insights that accelerate our business growth and influence our product decisions.

Our ideal candidate for this role will be someone who is excited by the challenge of being part of a rapidly changing and maturing data environment and enjoys solving complex and ambiguous problems. Sound like you? Keep reading
What you'll be doing:
Support RigUp’s rapid growing business and product teams
Work with multi-functional teams to define requirements for ad-hoc data analysis and reporting, being able to work independently to propose solutions to address business or product needs
Bring a sophisticated level of statistical and quantitative analysis to enable growth for RigUp
Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions
Build metrics and reporting functions to measure and monitor operational efficiency
Apply industry knowledge to interpret data and improve company performance
Use an understanding of business strategy and analytics to move our company forward
Assist with new business or product experimentation including design, roll-out, and monitoring
Work to mature RigUp’s company-wide data environment

What you should have:

Minimum 4 years of experience in a similar role
Advanced degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics
2+ years of SQL experience (Hive, Spark, and other big data tools a plus)
2+ years of Python experience (experience in R a plus)
Proven execution and impact on initiatives that cross multiple product areas and work with leadership and product teams
Background in data visualization and reporting, using open source libraries/packages and third-party tools (Tableau or similar)
Able to drive complex projects to successful completion
Able to identify stakeholders, establish relationships, and influence others to get work done
Strong verbal and written communication, and presentation skills
Excellent judgment, critical-thinking, and decision-making skills; can balance attention to detail with swift execution

Perks:

Flexible PTO policy
401k Program with 4% match
Fully paid employee health insurance for employee
Open office space in the heart of downtown Austin
RigUp is a technology company that's building a platform to better support the energy workforce. Through the industry’s largest marketplace, we’re improving the lives of contractors and helping service providers and operators find the people who will get the job done. Headquartered in Austin, TX, and backed by a16z, Founder’s Fund, Quantum Energy Partners, and Silicon Valley Bank, we’ve raised $423.8 Million in funding to support our mission to change the way work is done in the energy field.

Our goal is to make RigUp an environment where any and all people feel welcome, respected, and free to be their authentic selves. We welcome applicants of all gender identities, sexual orientation, educational background, religion, ethnicities, veteran status, and citizenships. We’d love to learn what you can add to our team!",3.1,"RigUp
3.1","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
238,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Duties and Responsibilities:
Design reports in web-based analysis tools, Crystal Reports, and label systems
Client data loads into SQL database
Monitor business systems through queries to alert and resolve issues
Provide initial technical support and analysis to business users
On-boarding and testing of EDI trading partners in ERP system
Maintaining industry standards documentation
Skills and Specifications:
Knowledge of Microsoft SQL and how to write SQL queries is required
Proficiency with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio
ETL (extract, transform, load) skills
Crystal Reports or SSRS
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word)
General knowledge of ERP systems and business processes
Education and Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in Information Systems, MIS, or Computer Science
Authorized to work for any company in the United States
Written and oral communication in English required
Must reside in the Toledo, Ohio area, no relocation available
Competitive Benefits Package:
Competitive compensation will be based on educational background
Health Insurance and company paid health care spending account
401(k)
Holiday, personal, and vacation paid time off",4.0,"Tech Group International
4.0","Toledo, OH",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
239,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Department – Information TechnologySAC Health System is dedicated to reflect the healing ministry & love of Jesus Christ through healthcare, education & partnerships that empower our communities to flourish.SACHS Core Values:Quality Healthcare – providing patient-centered, culturally-sensitive, equitable care that is safe, timely, effective, efficient, while seeking to prevent illness & disabilityTeamwork – working together to achieve a common goal, with a willingness to serve each other in a Christ-like mannerWholeness – ministering to the spiritual, physical, mental & emotional needs of othersIntegrity – living & working in an authentic, honest way that inspires trustCompassion – engaging with the needs & suffering of others, out of concern for their well-beingExcellence – striving to exceed expectations for our patients, community, & staffHumble Service – caring with a kind & selfless spiritRespect – holding others in high regard by empowering themRequirements for Success in Your RoleThe Data Analyst’s responsibilities include conducting a full life cycle analysis to include requirements, activities, and design. The Data Analyst will develop analysis and reporting capabilities. They will also monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements. Other duties as assigned by the Data Manager.Education and ExperienceRequiredBachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or other quantitative field.Valid CA Driver’s licensePreferredMinimum of 2-5 years of healthcare experience with SQL, Tableau or other BI toolsFamiliarity with EPIC or other EHR/EMR/EDR productsAdept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsMedical / Dental / Vision packages.!! Monthly Premium Rates among the lowest in the industry!!Retirement Account with up to 8% employer contributionEmployer-paid Life InsuranceFitness Facility access8 Paid Holidays1 Paid Birthday HolidaySocial Action Community Health System complies with applicable Federal and State civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity.",2.9,"SAC Health System
2.9","San Bernardino, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
240,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"187359 - Data Analyst
Industry
IT
Region
CA-Southern California - San Diego
City
Carlsbad
State
CA

Rate
$60 to $60.02 DOE
Duration
6 Months
Description
Chipton-Ross is seeking a Data Analyst for an opening in Carlsbad, CA.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
This person will have a background in data science, data management and manipulation, as well as analytics to report on results achieved in the program. A solid understanding of data science plays and their execution via digital marketing and commercial tactics will provide a strong base for success in this role.
A self-starter and strategic thinker who looks after the day-to-day operations and roadmap of the Marketing Data Science Program within LCD
A collaborator who works with LCD Market Development, Product Management, and other internal teams to understand business needs, identify potential opportunities and help gather data from a wide range of sources to support the program
A key point of contact for our Data Science teams who helps match business needs with existing Data Science projects/opportunities and helps drive the creation of new data science projects to support business goals
A creative thinker who can help turn insights and output from Data Science algorithms into actionable tactics to be executed via our Digital Marketing platforms and with our Commercial teams
A program/project manager who keeps track of LCD Data Science efforts and reports progress to business partners and leadership

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:
3-5 years hands-on experience working with Data Science plays or solutions
Ability to communicate and collaborate with commercial, marketing, and product management teams
Strong project management and organizational skills
Advanced Microsoft Excel and data manipulation skills
Experience with databases, CRMs (SFDC), analytics, segmentation and/or email systems (Eloqua)

EDUCATION:
Accredited BA/BA in Data Science or a related discipline

WORK HOURS:
1st Shift
Full-Time

Employment will be contingent on clearing a drug screen and background check. Both must clear prior to start date.

Contact

Zachary Fasano
zfasano@chiptonross.com
CHIPTON-ROSS, INC.
420 Culver Boulevard
Playa Del Rey, CA 90293

Phone: (310) 414-7800 x252 or (800) 927-9318 x252",3.2,"Chipton-Ross
3.2","Carlsbad, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
241,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Cerner continues to grow, and our Long-Term, Post-Acute Care organization is looking to hire a Data Analyst in our Community Care group! As a Data Analyst, your main responsibility is to analyze, prepare, and process data sets to be consumed for direct insights, statistical modeling or other analytical exploration for internal and external clients. Some other responsibilities will be to consult on data and modelling impacts, guiding clients through interdependencies and analysis decision impacts; to execute project deliverables with other data analytics team stakeholders; and to evaluate data sets for analytical possibilities and pitfalls. To learn more about Cerner and this opportunity, apply today!

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Information Systems, Management Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, Actuarial Science, Analytics or related field, or equivalent, relevant work experience
At least 1 year of data analysis work experience, including data management, transformation and visualization, or successful completion of Cerner's Analytics Learning Lab
Expectations
Must be willing to travel up to 40% as needed
Must currently reside in, or be willing to relocate to, the Kansas City, MO metro or reside within 60 miles of a virtually approved city",3.9,"Cerner
3.9","Kansas City, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
242,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position: Data Analyst

Agency: New York City Employees’ Retirement System’s (NYCERS).

Project Name:Information Technology (IT) Division.

Duration: 3 Years

Project Description:

NYCERS seeks one (1) Data Analyst with ETL Expertise to work with the Information Technology (IT) Division for a period up to 36 months. NYCERS reserves the right to hire the candidate(s) as an employee, at no additional cost, after a period of six (6) months. The Data Analyst will primarily be responsible for detailed field level analysis, profiling and mapping of the current IBM z/VSE Mainframe VSAM files loaded into SQL tables.

Mandatory Skills:
Candidates must meet all the requirements below to be considered for this position.
Minimum of five (5) years of source-to-target data mapping experience in a mixed Mainframe, relational database and object storage environments.
Experience creating and/or maintaining ETL applications.
Experience migrating mainframe VSAM files to relational and/or dimensional SQL databases.
Experience working in multiple development environments/systems: IBM Mainframe, Windows Server, UNIX and SQL Server.
Strong SQL knowledge working with complex queries and stored procedures.
Proficiency in mainframe applications encompassing COBOL, VSAM and DB2.
Experience creating data dictionary documentation and data definitions/domains.
Excellent interpersonal, communication, presentation, writing, analytical, problem solving, and information gathering skills along with fundamental technique troubleshooting abilities.
Strong analytical skills demonstrated by the ability to receive and analyze requirements and propose a suitable solution that adheres to the team’s methodology.
Preferred Experience:
Experience with Data Quality/Profiling tools.
Experience extracting business rules from the existing legacy code.
Experience with Data Warehouses and/or Data Marts.
If this isn’t the role for you, perhaps you have a friend or colleague that would be a fit. I would appreciate your help forwarding this to people in your extended network that may be interested in exploring the opportunity.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

--

Regards,

Asim Ghafar

Technical Recruiter.

ZDAAS

1107 North Point Blvd, Ste 228

Baltimore, MD 21224

Office: 443-836-4932 X 1004

Cell: 239-666-8767

hr3@zd-techsolutions.com",4.4,"ZDAAS
4.4","Brooklyn, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
243,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Responsibilities: ** Provides data driven input, with insight and forward-thinking recommendations to business leaders.* Interpret, evaluate and interrelate company and research data and develop integrated business analyses and projections for incorporation into strategic decision making* Consistently provide proactive and prescriptive analytics* Monitor daily/weekly/monthly metrics and alert business leaders to issues and trends* Conduct insightful, ad hoc analyses to investigate ongoing or one-time operational issues* Analyze business activities and present results and recommendations to enhance operational strategies both for awareness, effectiveness and overall financial benefit.* Review business processes via analysis and involvement to develop optimization strategies the focus on value-add work.* Develop predictive models of customer value, behavior, and responsiveness based on various business activities related to Fraud, Fed Gov, Account Management, Account Recovery, Sales, HR, and Underwriting* Recognizes and communicates financial implications of business decisions and strategy.* Provides support related to data needs stored within databases, including Domo reports.* Maintains relationship with IT and Finance teams to assure data accuracy and integrity.* Conduct and coordinate financial, product, market, operational and related research to support strategic and business planning within the departments you support* Creates process procedures, standards, and flows for current and future state initiatives/analysis.* Completes special projects as assigned for various departments such as Fed Gov, Account Management, Account Recovery, Sales, HR, and Underwriting* Ensure all deliverables adhere to department quality and delivery standards.* Maintaining and staying up to date on the latest analytical tools and trends.* Lead meetings and develop presentations to easily explain analysis and drive actionable results.* Actively participate and partner in operational department financial related meetings.* Incorporate proven modeling that provides future predictions on business operations and financial status.*Requirements & Preferred Skills: ** Bachelor's in Economics, Decision Sciences, Mathematics, Finance or related field* Minimum of 3 years of business analysis experience* Four or more years of extensive experience with SAS and other statistical software packages* Minimum of two years of experience with VBA, SQL, Microsoft Access, BI/data visualization* Advanced Analytic Techniques: Knowledge of advanced quantitative analytic techniques and protocols used to build necessary business models* Advanced knowledge with data analytics and data mining* Experience working with cross-functional teams to build consensus and project plansContract length: 8 monthsJob Type: ContractWork Remotely:* No",-1,Microagility,"New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
244,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB POSTING

APPOINTMENT TYPE: Full-Time Regular (FTR-A)

LOCATION: Quantico, VA

PURPOSE: The Data Analyst conducts full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities. They will also monitor performance documentation, and metrics to identify improvements.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques.
Develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Support additional activities, functions, or duties, as required.

JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, or in another field with demonstrable coursework in these areas.
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (e.g. Business Objects), databases (e.g. SQL), programming (e.g. XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (e.g. Excel, SPSS, SAS)
Possess strong written and verbal communication skills
Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Adobe Acrobat
Attention to detail and strong organizational skills
The ability to prioritize job responsibilities in a fast-paced environment while maintaining a focus on excellent customer service is a must.
Candidates must be US citizens and able to pass a background check, drug screening, and a polygraph (if required).


* This is a contingent opportunity",3.8,"ORAU
3.8","Quantico, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1946,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
245,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world!
Job Title:
Data Analyst
Cost Center:
899506 SHP Actuarial
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Employee Type:
Regular
Work Shift:
Mon-Fri; 8:00 am - 5:00 pm (United States of America)
Job Description:


JOB SUMMARY

The Actuarial Data Analyst develops analysis and reporting capabilities within the Actuarial Services department. This individual will monitor financial performance and maintain reporting structures to support product line financial projections. The Actuarial Data Analyst assists Actuarial Analysts and management with providing decision support and recommendations for complex matters related to rate filings, reserving, capitation and forecasting.

JOB QUALIFICATIONS

EDUCATION

Education qualifications must be from a school whose accreditation is recognized by the Council for Higher Education and Accreditation.

Minimum Required: Bachelor’s degree in business administration, information systems, business statistics and analytics, mathematics or related field.

Preferred/Optional: None

EXPERIENCE

Minimum Required: Four years of experience in data compilation, analysis and reporting. Demonstrated proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite and other analytical tools including reporting software.

Preferred/Optional: Four years of experience in data compilation, analysis and reporting within the health insurance industry.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

The following licensure(s), certification(s), registration(s), etc., are required for this position. Licenses with restrictions are subject to review to determine if restrictions are substantially related to the position.

Minimum Required: None

Preferred/Optional: None

Marshfield Clinic Health System is committed to enriching the lives of others through accessible, affordable and compassionate healthcare. Successful applicants will listen, serve and put the needs of patients and customers first.

Exclusion From Federal Programs: Employee may not at any time have been or be excluded from participation in any federally funded program, including Medicare and Medicaid. This is a condition of employment. Employee must immediately notify his/her manager or the Health System’s Compliance Officer if he/she is threatened with exclusion or becomes excluded from any federally funded program.

Marshfield Clinic Health System is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.4,"Marshfield Clinic
3.4","Marshfield, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1916,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
246,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Foundation Finance:

Foundation Finance Company (FFC) is one of the fastest-growing consumer finance companies in the U.S. We work with home improvement contractors nationwide to help them close more sales through the use of flexible financing plans. FFC's full-spectrum lending approach has driven billions in originations and helped many customers make needed improvements to their homes. We're making big investments in both infrastructure and employee talent to keep up with our growth, so the time is right to join our team! It's a fast-paced environment with room to advance. We offer a competitive salary, medical/dental/vision benefits, 401(k) with company match, a casual dress work environment and much, much, more.

To learn more, check us out on Facebook at ""Foundation Finance Company Careers."" If you think you have what it takes to help our team succeed then apply today!

Data Analyst Description & Duties:

We are looking for a strong analyst to help drive profitable growth by leveraging data and analytics. This is a hands-on role requiring technical skills to query and manipulate data to develop data-driven reports and recommendations. The analyst will have a wide range of exposure to loan originations and servicing areas in consumer lending. The analyst will on a regular basis present reports, findings and recommendations to senior management to improve business strategies and practices

Duties may include, but are not limited to:
Dive into data and quickly become an expert on internal and non-traditional data sets. Maintain data and file integrity. Improve existing data query scripts and develop new ones as needed.
Create user-friendly reports and Tableau visualizations for staff and management. Enhance existing and build new Tableau dashboards as needed.
Track, review, manage and audit software development projects, particularly from database access and usage perspectives.
Work with staff, managers and executives on analytic projects and develop data-driven solutions and recommendations.
The Ideal Candidate:

Applicants must be reliable, dynamic, sociable and enthusiastic team players; while possessing a positive ""can-do"" attitude, excellent judgement and communication skills. Applicants must also have great attention to detail and ability to multi-task under the stress of deadlines with a strong desire to help the organization succeed.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Business, Economics or related field.
Hands-on familiarity with SQL data querying, coding experience and understanding of basic coding syntax.
Advanced Excel skills to create/edit pivot tables, understand/create/manipulate database formulas, create/modify macros (VBA knowledge preferred), adjust formatting to create professional reports.
Advanced data visualization skills, preferably with Tableau.
Must have the ability to research, think through and solve technical and analytic problems.
Strong communication skills, attention to detail, analytical curiosity is required.
Working Conditions:

Office environment with significant time spent sitting, typing and talking on the telephone.

Foundation Finance Company provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",4.8,"Foundation Finance
4.8","Weston, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
247,Data Analyst (Contract),$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"What you will be doing:

As a Contract Data Analyst, you will work alongside Lumeres Data Operations team to improve and scale data mapping and processing capabilities. This highly visible project will involve creating and reviewing mappings between two large datasets that will help expand the insights provided to hospitals through Lumeres software solutions.

Your contributions will include running SQL scripts and partnering with Data Engineers to build automation where possible, while also flagging and correcting data mapping inconsistencies, and improving existing reporting on project progress.

Responsibilities include:
Connect and map key data sets utilized by Lumeres solutions
Develop and monitor metrics related to data mapping and data quality
Collaborate with analyst and engineering teams to automate processes for consistent and efficient analysis
Maintain Standard 40 hour work week during regular business hours in a remote/ telecommute capacity
Qualifications:
Professional experience analyzing and finding insights in large data sets
Proficient in SQL and MS Excel
Familiarity with healthcare data a plus
Detailed oriented with a demonstrated track record of accomplishing goals and meeting deadlines
Powered by JazzHR",4.1,"Lumere
4.1","Chicago, IL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
248,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Skills & Experience: ** Associate should have at least 7 years’ experience in Data Analysis with strong knowledge of Healthcare concepts like Member, Enrollment, Claims, Provider etc.* Must have 3 to 5 years’ experience working in Healthcare Domain* Should have experience in Requirement gathering, System Analysis, Integration, Data Profiling* Should have prior experience in Client facing roles* Gathering and integrating data from disparate sources* Understands the requirements in detail and provides sign off on the requirements* Experienced in Database Design/Development in Netezza, Oracle* Discuss the Data model, data flow and data mapping with the development team, focused on performance strategies* Should have good communication and strong Analytical SkillsJob Types: Full-time, ContractPay: $50.00 - $60.00 per hourExperience:* Data Analyst: 5 years (Preferred)* SQL: 6 years (Preferred)Work Remotely:* Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Parsoft LLC,"Oakland, CA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
249,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION DESCRIPTION

CGI is looking for experienced Business Analyst for a new project located in Wausau, WI. This is an exciting full-time opportunity to work in a fast-paced team environment supporting clients throughout the country.

Looking for career advancement?

• Full-time opportunity to become a member of a stable, growing organization with over $10 billion in annual revenue

• We have over 73,000+ CGI Members in 40 countries and over 5k+ loyal Clients who are leveraging our end-to-end services across the globe

• We offer a competitive total compensation package that includes medical, dental, vision, 401k, paid vacation, and much more.

FUTURE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

• Responsible for collecting, validating, modeling and analyzing data for the organization.

• Prepares statistical and narrative reports, recommendations and participates in the analysis and interpretation of data as appropriate.

• Coordinates, facilitates and provides analytical support to other departments and managers as needed.

• Develops, maintains and ensure quality control of databases. May assist in development and implementation of measurement systems.

• Designs and/or develops specific databases for collection, tracking and reporting.

• Responsible to develop key metrics, design and implementation of initiatives and processes.

• Interpret performance trends, identify root causes behind the trends and contributes to the development of performance improvement efforts. Performs special projects as requested. Other duties as assigned.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE

• Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.

• Demonstrated ability to quickly acquire extensive subject matter expertise.

• Demonstrated ability to explain complex data concepts to non-technical people.

• Demonstrated ability to consistently meet deadlines on time.

• Professional client presence, influencing and active listening skills.

• Team player with a great sense of humor.

• Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this changesupporting our clients digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGIs legal duty to furnish information.

Your future duties and responsibilities

Required qualifications to be successful in this role",3.6,"CGI
3.6","Wausau, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$10+ billion (USD),-1
250,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"New York, New York
Skills : data analyst,data,sql,python,spark,pyspark,aws,amazon web services,etl
Description :

Top Skills: SQL, Python, Spark- PySpark, AWS
Looking for more technical oriented data analyst individual, with good Coding and data management background.

Description:
Reading data formats in various environment
Refactor existing ETL and data pipelines from legacy systems to new systems using internally developed, domain specific SDK
Write and perform unit tests to ensure accuracy of refactored code
Deploy and verify feature pipelines in new Enterprise data system

data analyst,data,sql,python,spark,pyspark,aws,amazon web services,etl",4.1,"Collabera
4.1","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1991,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
251,Marketing Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:

The Analytics and Insights Analyst will be responsible for supporting digital clients through their digital transformation. You will work on a dynamic mix of projects ranging from product analysis, testing, personalization, and integrated marketing measurement, to inform design and generate growth for our clients.

You will work with content and UX teams, designers, developers, researchers, strategists, project managers and strategic account managers to improve customer experiences across industries including technology, healthcare, finance, automotive, CPG brands and eCommerce (to name a few). The Business Design Analyst is responsible for integrating insightful analysis into projects to validate, inform, and grow our client’s business.

What we are looking for in the role:

Ability to support the overall analytics and insights vision, working closely to structure measurement frameworks, KPI’s, and analysis deliverables
Work with Research, Strategy, Technology, Design and Integrated Marketing teams to combine qualitative and quantitative analysis into transformative digital solutions, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, etc.
Pull together raw data from multiple platforms, build appropriate data visualizations in dashboards, and structure analysis with meaningful, relevant insights
Experience in web analytics platforms and tagging structures including Google Analytics 360 and Adobe Analytics
Expertise with data visualization in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, etc.
Working knowledge of statistical methods and analysis such as regression, clustering, and time series analysis
Knowledge of marketing analytics platforms including social listening, paid media, and SEO, a plus
Ability to work on multiple priorities that span different areas of focus such as marketing, digital, UX, business, design, data architecture and infrastructure. That is, you should feel comfortable talking to business stakeholders, UX and visual designers as well as technologists and developers.
An entrepreneurial spirit who is excited by ambiguity, working with integrated teams, and with the ability to think strategically about our clients’ needs.
Experience at a large consultancy or respected boutique firm is a plus.

Key Performance Indicators

Exhibit confidence and not be afraid to ask questions to bring clarity, share ideas and challenge the norm (think outside the box).
Actively listen to ensure you are seeking to understand before you are understood.
Exhibit exemplary client service skills, to all people, regardless of level inside or outside of the company.
Written and verbal communication skills should be professional, concise and effective.
Exercise confidentiality concerning the affairs of the business. “Own” your work – take initiative, be proactive, anticipate and complete projects in a comprehensive manner while still remembering the details.
Don’t just be the student, be the teacher. Exhibit a willingness to learn, willingness to problem solve and willingness to step in to help others.
Creativity, capacity and a conviction to innovate and deliver best-in-class solutions.
The energy and passion to evangelize our service internally and externally.
Experience: 3-5+ years of experience required. (Commerce and/or Brand experience is a benefit but not a requirement).",3.9,"Aquent
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
252,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a strong Data Analyst that can bring new ideas to the group. We want a self-starter that can come in and hit the ground running. If you are someone that can give insight into what the customer needs with a specific product then I want to speak with you.

Must Haves:
-Must have a data Analyst background and be able to report customer insight
-Must be able to analyze data and draw your own conclusion from the data
-Has to have working knowledge of SAS to get out of Marketing Database

Top Skills:
-Analytical Skills
-Great Communication Skills
-Able to solve problems
-Strong with organization and time management
-Team player
-Strong Technical acumen
-Strong background in software including Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
-Strong technical experience with SAS, SQL, and Tableau",3.3,"Vaco
3.3","Raleigh, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
253,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Money Map Press is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to support their in-house Business Intelligence team. This role will work in unison with an in-house Data Architect to create an ecosystem of timely, accurate and actionable data repositories that can drive business decisions. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with internal stakeholders and business units, leverage the latest technology platforms and have many resources at your disposal.

Create 360-view of consumer in BI platform (Tableau) – including custom metrics and dimensions to support strategic goals, marketing priorities and business units.
Maintain open lines of communication with each business unit to translate questions and requirements into reports, dashboards and views for Data Architect.
In accordance with Data Architect's vision, create executive-level dashboards and automate delivery via email, app, web per user needs and user technical competency .
Become Product Owner for any analytical platform, tool or technology and create a strategy that serves various analytical needs.
Identify statistically significant patterns, correlations, and compiling questions raised by ad-hoc analysis.
Improve understanding of the business and contribute to marketing ideas.
Create and maintain thorough report documentation and methodology.
Excellent coordination skills, able to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines.
Work with Data Architect to customize BI solution to drive revenue gains and solves business problems.
Create mockups, technical requirements and use cases and testing procedures for new dashboards, reports or ad-hoc deliverables.

3+ years experience in data analysis, marketing reporting, vendor/client relations.
Excellent communication skills.
Experience in Financial Services Industry preferred.
Must thrive in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment with tight deadlines and multiple priorities.
Experience with BI platforms, Tableau a plus.
If interested, please submit a resume and cover letter to the link provided.
About Money Map Press
Money Map Press is a group of top experts focused on the global economy. Led by veteran publisher Mike Ward, they have one goal: to make investing profitable. Their subscribers get access to a team of investment experts with more than 250 years of combined experience who deliver analysis and actionable investing ideas to put subscribers on a path to greater wealth.
Working there can be heaven on Earth for someone who is hungry to learn and have a fun, fulfilling career.
But it’s not the place for everyone...
One of the qualities you need to possess to make it at Money Map Press is drive. And we mean “through-the-roof” kind of drive. The kind of drive that can – and has, actually – double a company’s size and revenues in just 18 months.
If passion drives everything you do, Money Map Press is looking for you.
Money Map Press is an Equal Opportunity Employer and complies with all applicable Federal, State and local employment laws. No question in this Application is intended to elicit information in violation of any such law, nor will any information obtained in response to any question be used in violation of any such law. Applicants with disabilities who require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application and/or interview process may contact us at here@14west.us to arrange for such accommodation.
#LI-MV1",4.2,"14 West
4.2","Baltimore, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
254,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Overview:Analyzes company functions, processes, and activities to improve computer-based business applications for the most effective use of man, methods, machine and materials. Recommends alternative solutions to management as to courses of action that best meet the organization's goalsResponsibilities include but not limited to:Gather data, analyze data, and deliver accurate reports in a timely mannerExcel guru capable of compiling data without system support.Utilizes available computer systems resources and personnel to carry out analysis to support management's quest for performance improvement.Reviews and analyzes information, forecasts, methods, schedules, systems, processes, and procedures.Determines most useful business solutions for the company.Performs duties concerned with the design and improvement of computer-based business systems.Works closely with senior managers to identify and solve a variety of computer-based business system problems.Analyzes requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing business systems.Confers with personnel of organizational units involved to analyze current operational procedures and identify problems.KPI's creation, update and development.Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniquesBuild analysis and reporting capabilities and provide ongoing reportsDevelop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and qualityAcquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systemsIdentify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data setsFilter and clean data by reviewing computer reports, printouts and performance indicators to locate and correct code problemsCollaborate with management to prioritize business and information needsLocate and define new process improvement opportunitiesJob Qualifications:3+ years of relevant analyst experienceTechnical expertise related to data models, data design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.Microsoft Access, SQL and/or Tableau a plus.Experience with Oracle a plus.Microsoft Office Skills requiredOrganizational skillsCollaborative project managementExcellent communication skills (telephone, verbal and written)Self-motivatedAdvanced technical skills.Excellent documentation skillsCustomer focused and professionalismExcellent multi-tasker and handles pressure wellSolid analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyEducational Requirements:A bachelor's degree in business or related field.We look forward to hearing from you!",3.3,"FOX Factory, Inc.
3.3","Gainesville, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1975,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
255,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Datadog:

We're on a mission to build the best platform in the world for engineers to understand and scale their systems, applications, and teams. We operate at high scale—trillions of data points per day—providing always-on alerting, metrics visualization, logs, and application tracing for tens of thousands of companies. Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way.

The team:

We are building a first-class Internal Analytics team composed of Data Engineers and Data Analysts. We use cutting-edge data collection, transformation, and analysis tools in order to provide other teams with data that will help them better understand both our customers and our own operations so they can make strategic data-driven decisions.

The opportunity:

As a Data Analyst within the Internal Analytics team, you will help ensure all teams at Datadog have the data they need to drive their projects. You will have a chance to interact with all other departments including other Engineering teams, Product Managers, Designers, Marketing, and Customer Success.

You will:
Contribute to building the data model layer that is used by the whole company to query internal data and analytics
Build actionable data reports and visualizations that will help other teams make strategic decisions
Help product managers, designers, and engineers to understand our products usage and user behaviors, and facilitate data-driven decision making
Help marketing teams optimize their initiatives
Run deep data analyses and investigations
Work to discover how different technologies are being adopted over time by different segments of users
Present findings to team leads and executives
Train other employees to use data to answer questions without assistance
Requirements:
You are a clear, concise communicator that works well with others
You can explain complex datasets to non-technical people in understandable ways
You are able to clean a dataset and conduct a data analysis in Python or similar language
You are fluent with SQL and are able to write complex and performant queries with no assistance
You’ve mastered data analysis and visualization in Looker, Excel, Google Sheets, Tableau and/or similar tools
You have a natural curiosity and investigative mindset - driven to know “why”
You want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment and thrive on both autonomy and collaboration
2+ years of professional experience
Bonus points:
You are familiar with Spark and/or Hadoop
You have some experience with data stores similar to AWS Redshift or S3
You are familiar with data storage optimization (keys, schemas, …)",4.1,"Datadog
4.1","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
256,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Love data? Love to make a huge impact? As the Analyst within the Customer Analytics vertical at goPuff, you’ll bring thought-leadership and insights to help optimize many aspects of our business - from customer acquisition and retention to user behaviors and branding. You’ll help
lead our efforts to use data to understand how to improve all aspects of the customer experience. This role is within our data & analytics team and we’re designed to move fast. You’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact as the future success of goPuff will depend
on the insights we derive from our data.

Help drive analytics for the Customer side of the business - including marketing analytics, site analytics, merchandising, pricing and promotions, and more.
Bring your unique data perspective and proven experience and hit the ground running as an analytical thought leader.
Obtain a deep understanding of the business drivers through data exploration, and make recommendations to optimize performance and deepen our understanding of customer behaviors
Perform deep-dives to analyze problems, identify opportunities and suggest experiments based on findings
Own data accuracy and integrity
Partner with other Analytics team members, Product Management, Engineering, and other functions to identify opportunities, propose solutions, and share insights - ensuring consistency of data-driven decision-making throughout the org

2+ years of experience in analytics or data science - preferably in fields related to marketing, digital merchandising, or consumer product
Bachelors in Business, Statistics, Engineering, or other quantitative discipline
Expert in SQL and database table design - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Proficiency in R or Python
A deep understanding of statistical analysis and experiment design
Experience in data warehousing concepts, big data technologies, and analytics platforms
Development experience with BI platforms such as Looker, Tableau, PeriscopeData
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Experience managing multiple cross-functional stakeholders
Experience collecting business requirements and working with engineering teams to implement marketing data pipelines
Top-notch organizational skills and ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Move fast, be a team player, always be learning and give back",3.9,"ORS Partners
3.9",Pennsylvania,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
257,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Mercato

Mercato is marketplace empowering independent grocers a $131B annual category in the US to finally have an online presence. Their platform gives merchants access to a nationwide delivery network, marketing tools, customer analytics, and customer membership programs, while customers can access to their favorite stores and incentives / offers that are otherwise unavailable.

Mercato was founded in 2015, inspired by experiences Bobby Brannigan had growing up working at his family's independent grocery store in New York. He realized first-hand that the 40,000+ independent grocery stores in the US lacked the technology and infrastructure to keep up with the modern demands of consumers driven by e-commerce experiences.

Today, Mercato has acquired hundreds of thousands of customers as well as thousands of merchants (two-sided marketplace), all while maintaining an NPS score of 70+ (benchmark for grocery is 39). This is the 2nd marketplace built by Bobby Brannigan, who previously founded ValoreBooks while in college (2002), which reached $100M in sales, and was acquired by SimpleTuition in 2012.

About the Role
Reporting to the Director of Strategy and Analytics, the Senior Product Analyst will develop a deep understanding of our merchant and consumer facing products, perform rigorous analysis and optimize for impact.

Ideal candidates will have a technical background and experience working with large data sets. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with Product Management in making forecasts and setting product team goals based on data insights and experiment results.
Monitor strategic KPIs, understand all underlying drivers and identify new levers to help move metrics
Design, monitor and evaluate experiments.
Build effective visualizations and communicate data to cross-functional teams.
Build and launch new ETL processes in production. Automate analyses and write pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL frameworks (Airflow)

Requirements

Knowledge, Skills, And Requirements
Expert experience in SQL or other languages
Advanced proficiency in any scripting language (Python, Node.js, R etc.)
Knowledge of statistics (e.g. hypothesis testing, regressions)
Experience communicating the results of analysis with product and leadership teams to influence product strategy
Ability to thrive in an unstructured environment, working autonomously to find opportunities to deliver business impact
Success Drivers And Competencies
Must be able to convey information in a clear, focused, and concise manner
Experience in planning, coordinating, and executing multiple projects simultaneously
Ability to think creatively and work in a team environment
Must work well in a dynamic environment and be able to recommend and implement process improvements, work independently, and handle multiple tasks simultaneously
Passion for helping others

Benefits

Mercato is an equal opportunity employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify, and build.
Competitive salary
Stock options
Medical, dental, and vision insurance
Generous PTO Policy, paid holidays
Get in on the ground floor and shape the strategic direction of the company
Ongoing training and growth opportunities
Consistent & fair leadership: we are transparent and set clear goals
Upbeat work environment at a company with a huge vision",4.1,"Mercato
4.1","San Diego, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
258,SQL Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

LCI provides over 20 years of information engineering expertise within the areas of consumer account analytics and credit behavior, bankruptcy, as well as credit and financial counseling. LCI has an in-depth knowledge of bankruptcy, credit, fraud, payment transaction data, data processing and reporting. To learn more about LCI, please visit us at: www.lciinc.com. We are proud to be a part of the Verisk family of companies!

At the heart of what we do is help clients manage risk. Verisk (Nasdaq: VRSK) provides data and insights to our customers in insurance, energy and the financial services markets so they can make faster and more informed decisions.

Our global team uses AI, machine learning, automation, and other emerging technologies to collect and analyze billions of records. We provide advanced decision-support to prevent credit, lending, and cyber risks. In addition, we monitor and advise companies on complex global matters such as climate change, catastrophes, and geopolitical issues.

But why we do our work is what sets us apart. It stems from a commitment to making the world better, safer and stronger.

It’s the reason Verisk is part of the UN Global Compact sustainability initiative. It’s why we made a commitment to balancing 100 percent of our carbon emissions. It’s the aim of our “returnship” program for experienced professionals rejoining the workforce after time away. And, it’s what drives our annual Innovation Day, where we identify our next first-to-market innovations to solve our customers’ problems.

At its core, Verisk uses data to minimize risk and maximize value. But far bigger, is why we do what we do.

At Verisk you can build an exciting career with meaningful work; create positive and lasting impact on business; and find the support, coaching, and training you need to advance your career. We have received the Great Place to Work® Certification for the fourth consecutive year. We’ve been recognized by Forbes as a World’s Best Employer and a Best Employer for Women, testaments to our culture of engagement and the value we place on an inclusive and diverse workforce. Verisk’s Statement on Racial Equity and Diversity supports our commitment to these values and affecting positive and lasting change in the communities where we live and work.

Job Description
You will join the Data Quality and Analytics team and ensure the success of the company by assisting in the identification and implementation of quality control procedures to maintain the highest quality of the nation’s best bankruptcy database.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and develop metrics and reports to identify trends to improve data quality.
Provide support to the existing data analytics and data processing environment, including periodic data refresh, troubleshoot errors, fix bugs, and implement enhancements.
Monitor data and reports for potential data issues including duplicates, incorrect values, outliers and potential policy violations
Create data visualizations to effectively convey findings and present findings to key stakeholders.
Provide mentorship and guidance to the junior staff within the team and ensures efficient execution of their duties
Qualifications
2+ years of data analysis experience, preferably leveraging MS SQL Server
Demonstrated knowledge of MS SQL Server (SSMS, SSIS, and SSRS), SQL/Transact-SQL, and data analysis.
Experience with synthesizing findings and visualizing data to tell a coherent story to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Strong analytics experience - good statistics background; experience with visualization tooling such as Power BI or Tableau.
Expert in manipulating data, extracting desired information and experience in presenting data to senior management
Self-motivated and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Strong organization skills, attention to details and ability to multi-task
Strong written and verbal communication
Creative and out of the box thinking
Knowledge of R/Python and data warehousing would be a plus
#LI-JE1

Additional Information

Verisk Analytics is an equal opportunity employer.

All members of the Verisk Analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability.

http://www.verisk.com/careers.html

Unsolicited resumes sent to Verisk, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Verisk business mailing address, fax machine or email address, or directly to Verisk employees, will be considered Verisk property. Verisk will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume.

Consumer Privacy Notice

Apply now",2.6,"Lundquist Consulting, Inc
2.6","Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
259,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"We're looking for a Data Analyst to join our team in Salt Lake City as part of our Content function.

The role of the Data Analyst is to be the custodians of client data working closely with internal and external customers to understand their information needs on both tactical and strategic projects. We are the first point of contact for the customer day to day, working closely with the data & harvesting teams to resolve issues for the customer and to ensure excellent customer experience on every interaction. We are responsible for ensuring the data integrity and accuracy and ensuring the client garners the most value from our data.

Key Responsibilities
Quality assurance of data harvested from online stores
Cataloguing harvested data
Data transformation and quality checks
Use attention to detail to spot errors in the data and take appropriate measures to fix them
Providing reports on customer data and problem solving
Direct interaction with functions of the business (Sales, Product Management, Engineering) and with our customers regarding queries and change requests
Ownership of data quality and parity across data collected online, in stores and sensitive data provided by the client
Tracking of completion and accuracy across data sources, and ownership of these metrics against a master catalogue
Your Experience
Intellectual curiosity with a proven ability to connect disparate data points
Excellent problem solving and data analytics skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Self-starter, having the ability to manage own work with a strong attention to detail
Ability to learn required skills quickly
Logical thinker with some experience of business intelligence and/or structured decision-making
Proven Excel and data analytics experience, identifying key insights and recommendations; examples of prior work will be requested
Knowledge of Excel necessary, knowledge of SQL, Tableau and/or ETL tools advantageous
What We Offer

Our benefits package incorporates what we’re passionate about – unlocking your future, overall well-being and sustainability – whilst giving you control over your benefits.
15 days of holiday per year and an extra day for each year of service up to 20 days
401K – Saving Incentive plan
Medical and Dental Insurance plans
Flexible Spending Accounts
Vision benefits
Great learning and development opportunities
Life Assurance and Disability insurance
Option to opt into the Ascential Shares Scheme
Inclusive Workforce

At Ascential, our goal is to create a culture where individuals of all backgrounds feel comfortable in bringing their authentic selves to work. We want all Ascential people to feel included and truly empowered to contribute fully to our vision and goals.

Everyone who applies will receive fair consideration for employment. We do not discriminate based upon race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, marital status, gender identity, national origin, disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying.

For more information on our culture, visit Ascential.com.

About Edge

Edge by Ascential™ delivers some of the industry’s most accurate and actionable sales-driving data, insights and advisory solutions for global brands and retailers looking to win in today’s ecommerce-driven world.



Formerly Brand View, Clavis Insight, One Click Retail and PlanetRetail RNG, Edge by Ascential was launched in October of 2018, bringing four brands under one roof. Our market leading products are a product of our people and we are always in the market for top talent.



If you are interested in progressing your career, this position represents a great opportunity to join our team at an exciting stage in its development and expansion. Edge is headquartered in London, with offices in the USA, UK, China, Germany and France. Find out more at www.ascentialedge.com

Want More Info?

Find out more on what our people say:

Ascential YouTube Channel

If we inspire you, why not join and inspire us?",3.6,"WGSN
3.6","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
260,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Experience: 5+ Years
Clearance: Top Secret / SCI Eligible

AERMOR LLC is qualified candidates to provide technical and analytical support for FCC OCA in support of all OCA inspections. Candidates shall perform a wide variety of technical support services and functions required to meet the mission of FCC OCA to enhance overall DoDIN-N readiness and security.

Responsibilities Include:

Process, inspect, cleanse, transform, and model data to discover useful information, informing conclusions, and supporting decision-making.
Conduct technical analyses and develop reports (e.g., General reports: detailed, grouped, crosstab, column, query reports, etc.) related to cybersecurity and cyber operations.
Analyze inspection findings for the compilation of quarterly and annual lessons learned.
Support future analysis efforts, perform detailed studies, and execute pilot programs as determined by OCA, draft instructions, or conduct post-inspection follow-up/research/analysis and includes, but is not limited to:
Provide detailed analysis of cybersecurity inspections (i.e., CCORIs, CCRIs, CSIs, SAV results) in a manner that ensures OCA and Onsite leadership understands the Navy’s cybersecurity posture, the status of trends in cybersecurity findings, and aids inspected site prioritization of mitigation and remediation efforts.
Provide cybersecurity and programmatic analysis to identify vulnerabilities across multiple Navy platforms, programs, and Enterprise Networks that may be systemic in IT infrastructure and its assets.

Publish cybersecurity results and other products such as visualizations and/or Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, and Informed (RACI) documents within FCCs unclassified/classified portals.
Develop trend data from completed cybersecurity inspections/assessments.
Compile and provide ad hoc and recurring cybersecurity inspection metrics and trend reports.
Develop technical reports, standard operating procedures (SOPs), briefings, messages, information papers, and other reporting formats for analytical results.
Present trends, findings, and results to Navy leadership in dashboard formats.
Communicate analysis results to management via reports, visualizations, etc.
Develop SharePoint Dashboards and administer user permissions
Adhere to established Navy and DoD policies and procedures

Required Skills and Experience:

Minimal of 5 years of experience in data management, analytics using technologies such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI and the like, SQL, and query Syntax
3 years of experience working in dynamic cross-competency teams
Experience remediating data issues, documenting Source to Target Mapping of Data Sources
Experience with conceptual Data modes Creation and Input
Ability to analyze, summarize and characterize large or small data sets with varying degrees of fidelity or quality; ability to identify and explain any insights or patterns within them
Strong expertise in designing, developing, and implementing reports, visualizations, and dashboards
Possess a bachelor’s degree or higher from an accredited university in automated data management
DoD 8570.01-M IAT Level II
Education: Bachelor’s degree in a related field, or equivalent education or experience and related training

Apply Now

For more information contact: careers@aermor.com",3.6,"Aermor LLC
3.6","Suffolk, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
261,Data Analyst - Customer Experience,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us


Launched in 2011, Twitch is a global community that comes together each day to create multiplayer entertainment: unique, live, unpredictable experiences created by the interactions of millions. We bring the joy of co-op to everything, from casual gaming to world-class esports to anime marathons, music, and art streams. Twitch also hosts TwitchCon, where we bring everyone together to celebrate, learn, and grow their personal interests and passions. We're always live at Twitch. Stay up to date on all things Twitch on LinkedIn, Twitter and on our Blog.

About the Role


Twitch is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join a small but agile team. You will work with the Customer Experience organization to lead thought, process and insight leadership. You will report into the Head of Customer Experience and will lead insight generation to inform our continuous improvement efforts and provide guidance on prioritization of improvement efforts multiple internal product or engineering teams.

As a Data Analyst in Customer Experience at Twitch, you will be on the ground floor with the Customer Experience team, shaping the way we work with the product teams, defining what questions are asked, and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business. Additionally, you will help support the vision for Customer Experience and solutions architecture for data related voice of the customer constructs.. You are paving the way for high-quality, high velocity insight to support large-scale growth.

You Will:
Build Voice of the Customer reports and dashboards to communicate health of the customer experience across all company partners and senior leadership.
Collaboratively establish causal impact and incremental value of continuous improvement programs and report the total value across multiple cuts of data
Produce insights rapidly & periodically so teams can act on it with minimal lag
Produce custom deep-dive analyses outside the periodic insights process
Contribute to data pipelining, from data preparation to analysis to deployment and work with associated engineering teams and 3rd party measurement partners
Support efforts to resolve data quality issues by identifying the root-causes and presenting potential solutions.
Identify data automation opportunities and manage projects to refine the process by getting hands-on with the data stack and working with associated engineering teams
Work with other analysts to ensure data integrity and quality, and produce high-quality white papers to present and circulate across the organization
You Have:


4+ years of industry experience in a relevant field
Expert SQL skills--your ability to tap into our data pipeline will be key to your success
Experience using data to produce insight and achieve our goals
Fluency in data analysis and communication around data, including time series analysis, experimentation, forecasting, data visualization, and defining Goal strategy for your business
Perks
Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance
401(k)
Maternity & Parental Leave
Flexible PTO
Commuter Benefits
Amazon Employee Discount
Monthly Contribution & Discounts for Wellness Related Activities & Programs (e.g., gym memberships, off-site massages, etc.)
Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner Served Daily
Free Snacks & Beverages
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.5,"Twitch
3.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
262,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us:

PlayQ is a rapidly growing global entertainment and technology company delivering high-quality mobile titles and innovative game development solutions to a worldwide audience. Our games have been downloaded more than 60 million times across the globe, with millions of users playing every day!

Our dedicated teams, based in downtown Santa Monica, CA, work together to craft the clever, visually stunning, and unforgettable experiences that our players love. Our emphasis on individual leadership means each team member has the opportunity to make a big impact, while our commitment to creative freedom gives them the ability to create whatever they can imagine.

It's this mindset that has led us to develop our own IP, infuse games with rich storytelling, build our own development tools, and solve the deepest technical challenges - all in the name of disrupting the mobile gaming landscape.

Job Overview:

PlayQ is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to spearhead analyses and provide meaningful insights into player behavior and engagement. The Data Analyst will leverage billions of data points from our games to build dashboards, answer key business questions, and tell compelling stories. This person will conduct in-depth analyses of our data, report on key game metrics, and provide recommendations that will have a direct impact in shaping future game development and company initiatives. The ideal candidate is intelligent, sharp, detail-oriented, and highly quantitative individual who loves working with and analyzing data.

Responsibilities:
Perform in-depth analyses to provide answers to specific business questions and acquire a deep understanding of player behavior
Report and present findings and actionable recommendations to respective teams and key stakeholders
Monitor, identify and investigate changes in KPIs and provide insights into the underlying cause of such changes
Conduct a variety of ad hoc data analyses and fulfill data requests for new product/version releases, design documentation, marketing material, and user acquisition campaigns
Design and document tracking specifications for core KPIs, feature additions, experimentation, and user acquisition campaigns
Create thoughtful and compelling dashboards to monitor KPIs and performance for our current and future game titles
Check and debug any data-related issues to ensure accurate tracking and data integrity
Assist with the development of new tools and processes for data analysis across the company
Requirements:
BA/BS degree in Math, Statistics, or other quantitative field
2-4 years of post-graduate experience as a data analyst or similar analytical role, preferably for a technology or gaming company
Proficiency in SQL and querying large & complex data sets
Proficiency in Tableau, Looker, Power BI or other BI/visualization tools
Skilled in statistical inference & hypothesis testing and use of statistical tools/libraries
Skilled in Python or R
Excellent communication, presentation, and visual reporting skills
Strong analytical skills with the ability to apply business strategy to data analysis and recommendations
Loves problem-solving, has an innate ability to investigate issues and find the optimal solutions
Desire to work independently on analyses and projects from inception to completion
Bonus Points:
Working knowledge of Bayesian statistics
Experience in building machine learning models and predictive analytics
Perks:
Competitive compensation and equity options
Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and long term disability insurance
Flexible time off
401K plan with company match
Stocked kitchen with free snacks and beverages of your choice
Catered weekly team lunches
Brand new penthouse office space equipped with outdoor patios offering beachfront views
Monthly team outings and volunteer opportunities
Help build and support awesome GAMES. For a living! Who doesn't love games?
Interested? Please get in touch!",4.7,"PlayQ
4.7","Santa Monica, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
263,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analysts, Stafford, TX: Analyze, architect, design & dev data warehouse & BI Reporting solutions using Microsoft BI Stack including SQL Server, Oracle, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS(MDX & DAX) and Power BI. Convert functional reqs to high & low level design documents. Bach degree or foreign equiv degree in Info Sys, Comp Sci or related+ 24 mos rel exp. 2 years of experience developing data warehousing, BI projects, w/Power BI, in SSPS Statistics & Rapid Minor. Microsoft SQL Server Certification is required. Travel/relocate to various unanticipated locations.

Send res to Pareto Systems LLC

4434 Bluebonnet Dr, Ste 158, Stafford, TX 77477.",4.3,"Pareto Systems
4.3","Stafford, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
264,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Title: Data Analyst * *FLSA Status: Exempt**Department Head: * *Informatics and Reporting Manager**Direct Supervisor: * *Informatics and Reporting Manager*\*QUALITY HEALTHCARE FOR ALL!\*Comprehensive Health Center (FQHC) in Northern Virginia seeks a energetic and motivated Data Analyst to join our dynamic team in the community health care.\* Monday through Friday, NO WEEKENDS.*_\*\*Our mission is to provide excellent and affordable medical, dental and behavioral health services in our communities by being compassionate, culturally competent, and accessible to all._*\*\**Overall Responsibilities**: * This position is responsible for supporting the Informatics and Reporting Manager in developing, implementing, and facilitating methods of extracting and analyzing patient information using the electronic medical record (EMR) and reporting systems. The ideal candidate will have the ability to work effectively both as a team member with multiple departments, as well as independently, in a very fast paced, high energy setting. Strict health information security and confidentiality are required.*Qualifications/Requirements: ** Bachelor’s degree in HIT/Informatics or equivalent education and work experience required* Experience working with clinical staff in a health care setting, and in analyzing patient and population health information using IT systems* A basic understanding of clinical decision processes, reporting, data analysis, and safeguarding of personal health information* Expert computer and EMR skills to include advanced Excel skills and a working knowledge of ICD-10 and CPT codes* Strong orientation to problem solving, detail, accuracy, deadlines, and customer service* Strong oral, written, and data visualization communication skills are fundamental to ensuring all reporting requests are fully and accurately delivered and interpreted* Ability to work flexible hours as needed for special projects to include Uniform Data Systems (UDS) reporting* Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team to ensure a high level of service delivery; all staff are expected to function within a collaborative practice model, supporting the efforts of the other employees*Preferred: ** Experience in and dedication to the mission of safety net healthcare for vulnerable populations is strongly preferred*Description of Duties: ** Develop, run, and analyze clinical and demographic reports* Develop ad hoc specialized reports as needed to support the organization’s ability to respond to ongoing demands or to track emerging issues* Serve as an active member of the UDS and other required external reporting teams* Work independently and collaborate with other staff to understand and identify optimal means of meeting HealthWorks’ data needs*We Offer: *· *A Competitive Rate of Pay DOE*· *A State-of-the-Art Facility*· *An opportunity to work with a dedicated team of administrative professionals committed to providing quality service to staff.*· *An opportunity to make a difference in the lives of our patients each day.*\*\_Visit us at www.hwnova.org!\_\*\*Become an integral part of service the community and contact us today!Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:* 401(k)* Dental insurance* Health insurance* Paid time off* Vision insuranceSchedule:* 8 hour shift* Monday to FridayExperience:* basic understanding clinical decision processes: 1 year (Preferred)* EMR Systems: 1 year (Preferred)* working with clinical staff in a health care setting: 1 year (Preferred)* strong oral, written and data visualization communication: 1 year (Preferred)* Excel skills and working knowledge of ICD10 and CPT codes: 1 year (Preferred)Education:* High school or equivalent (Preferred)",4.0,"HealthWorks for Northern Virginia
4.0","Leesburg, VA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
265,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"At IntegrityM, our employees are driven by a passion for advancing with exceptional quality of life and sustainability. We deliver creative solutions that exceed our goals and foster an environment that creates unlimited opportunities for employees.

We are now seeking a Data Analyst to join our team. The Data Analyst performs study design, data analysis and report preparation.

You Will:
Perform study design, data analysis and report preparation
Study preliminary data analysis (trends), literature review, experience and expertise of the team, and mandated projects
Conduct data analysis, including data preparation and presentation of findings is performed in conjunction with other analytics
Create reports of your findings
Study originate from preliminary data analysis (trends), literature review, experience and expertise of the team, and mandated projects
Conduct Data analysis, including data preparation and presentation of findings is performed in conjunction with other analytics. Reports are drafted by teams with leadership scientists. This position has no supervisory duties.
Requirements

You Have:
Requires a Bachelor’s degree (BA or BS) in Statistics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Public Health or related discipline.
Minimum of 3-5 years’ work experience, or demonstrated combination of education and experience.
Also, 6 months experience with health related analytic research.
Knowledge about Medicare rules and regulations
About Us:

Integrity Management Services, Inc. (IntegrityM) is a woman-owned small business specializing in assisting government healthcare organizations prevent and detect fraud and abuse in their programs.

At IntegrityM, we offer a culture of opportunity, recognition, and collaboration. We thrive off of these fundamental elements that make IntegrityM a great place to work. We offer the flexibility our employees need to challenge themselves and focus on advancing their professional development and careers. Large company perks. Small company feel. http://www.integritym.com

How to Apply:

Are you motivated and ready to take your career to the next level with support by leaders that not only take interest in your growth but also foster an entrepreneurial spirit?

Take the next step and submit your application now. We look forward to helping you to achieve goals!

Email your resume to imjobs@integritym.com.",4.3,"Integrity Management Services, Inc.
4.3","Kingstowne, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
266,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Petaluma, CA | Full-Time
Ready to Apply?


Take the next step toward joining our team! Complete your application today.
Apply
We are looking to add a Digital Marketing Analyst to the Nuvolum Team. This person is a self-starter and ready to tackle projects using both quantitative and qualitative data sets. Critical thinking is crucial for success in this role. This person should be a power user of Excel and have experience with data entry, Google Analytics, Facebook ads, YouTube, census data, pivot tables, etc. They should be confident in visualizing, drawing conclusions, and presenting their findings. This person is open to data entry and passionate about accurate results.

The Data Science and Research team at Nuvolum creates all outbound reports to clients as well as provide internal business intelligence. Our motto is “No Data Left Behind!” We are always testing and pivoting what is working, as our industry is constantly changing. Important business decisions are made based on the analysis conducted by this role. Therefore, accuracy and an eye for detail are of the utmost importance.

More About You


You enjoy analyzing data, identifying patterns and trends, and understand digital marketing principles. You know Excel inside and out. The phrase “correlation does not mean causation” excites you, as does “hypothesis, test, pivot, repeat!” You can take complex ideas and present them clearly. You care about the quality of your work and take pride in your efforts to achieve exceptional results.

If this sounds like you, we’d be delighted to meet you (virtually of course). Please include the Nuvolum Data Science and Research team motto in your cover letter to be considered.

About Our Culture


Nuvolum is a full-service, integrated marketing and PR firm that takes pride in everything we do. Our diverse and talented team is inspired to bring ideas forward, keep learning, and provide mutual support. We champion each other’s successes and lean in when challenges need solving. We foster a team atmosphere and friendly environment, so every member can rise to the occasion to meet their potential.

Fine Print


We can only consider applicants with authorization to work in the United States on a permanent, full-time basis. Unfortunately, we cannot provide visa sponsorship.

We invite you to apply to join the team.",4.5,"Nuvolum
4.5","Petaluma, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
267,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"StatusFull-timeLocationIndex HQ – Remote thru COVID-19 restrictionsCompany OverviewIndex Analytics, LLC, is a rapidly growing Baltimore-based small business providing health related consulting services to the federal government. At the center of our company culture is a commitment to instilling a dynamic and employee-friendly place to work. We place a priority on promoting a supportive and collegial team environment and enhancing staff’s experience through career development and educational opportunities.Job OverviewThe Data Analyst (DA) will perform as a data analyst on multiple programs. This position will be responsible for identifying, interpreting, and analyzing trends and patterns within a complex data repository. The DA will work within our fast-paced Agile environment interacting and reporting to CMS stakeholders to also elicit and document data extract requirements utilizing user story/acceptance criteria methodology in an agile environment. The DA will also be responsible for gathering requirements and performing data profiling on diverse and disparate data sets. Focus areas may include:• Cost and utilization metrics associated with healthcare claims (Medicare Fee for Service, Medicare Advantage or Prescription Drug claims)• Medicare Provider and Beneficiary enrollment• Clinical terminology and related taxonomy and ontological concept mappings• Utilization of the Medicare services• Quality and outcomes of Medicare services• Models to detect fraud, waste and abuse in the Medicare programResponsibilities• Research and analyze Medicare and Medicaid claims data in support of requests from CMS.• Perform data analysis and prepare, review and/or approve highly complex reports• Collect, analyze, and profile data from the CMS Integrated Data Repository (IDR) using tools such as SQL and SAS• Facilitate individual and group sessions to gather and translate business requirements into data extract requirements• Document and present findings to a diverse set of stakeholders from both business and technical communities• Previous experience developing data prototypes or data profiles to analyze and elicit feedback from customer• Assist in information modeling and mapping CPT/HCPCS procedure codes to taxonomy and ontological concepts• Provide analysis assessment, technical or business area expertise in relevant areas.Qualifications• Bachelor’s Degree (4 years’ experience may substitute)• 4-6 years relevant work experience in data analysis or and requirements gathering• Preferred expertise in analyzing CMS Integrated Data Repository (IDR) – Claims, Provider, and Beneficiary subject areas utilizing SAS EBI or other BI Analytical tools.• Preferred experience with developing predictive models to identify data outliers and trends.• Awareness of Medicare payment and reimbursement systems and claims processing lifecycle preferred• Willingness to serve in cross functional roles as needed to ensure business continuity• Experience working with Medicare claims and utilization and enrollment data preferred• Awareness of clinical workflow processes, clinical vocabularies, terminologies, coding and classification systems preferred• Preferred experience with BI Analytic/Visualization Tools• Superior problem-solving and critical thinking skills• Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills• Ability to obtain Public Trust level clearance• Preferred experience in Agile and DevOps work environment_Index Analytics provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.__This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training._Job Type: Full-timeBenefits:* 401(k)* 401(k) matching* Dental insurance* Disability insurance* Flexible schedule* Flexible spending account* Health insurance* Life insurance* Paid time off* Professional development assistance* Retirement plan* Tuition reimbursement* Vision insuranceSchedule:* Monday to FridayExperience:* relevant: 4 years (Preferred)Education:* Bachelor's (Preferred)Company's website:* wwwindex-analytics.comBenefit Conditions:* Only full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:* Yes",4.9,"Index Analytics
4.9","Windsor Mill, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
268,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Title: * Data Analyst*Company: * Arize Corporation*Location: * Anaheim, CA*Job Type: * Full-timeWe are seeking a *Data Analyst *to join our team! One who will advise in business-wide decision making based on data analysis.*What the Data Analyst needs: ** BA/BS – Bachelor’s Degree in Business Information Systems, Statistics, or related fields* 1+ years’ experience as a business data analyst* Technical expertise of data models, data mining and segmentation techniques* Experience using statistical modeling tools and methodologies to analyze datasets* Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy* Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings*What the Data Analyst will be doing: ** Collect and interpret data then analyze datasets using statistical tools and techniques* Provide ongoing support and present findings to all internal departments* Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality* Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems* Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets* Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems* Work with management to prioritize business and information needs* Locate and define new process improvement opportunities*What we offer the Data Analyst: ** Fully Covered Employee Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage* Company Paid Life/A&D and LTD Insurance* Health and Dependent FSA* Generous Time Off Policy* 401(k) Match* EAP*_\*Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S._*Arize Corporation is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer_All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law._Job Type: Full-timePay: $0.00 per hourBenefits:* 401(k)* 401(k) matching* Dental insurance* Employee assistance program* Employee discount* Flexible schedule* Flexible spending account* Health insurance* Life insurance* Paid time off* Retirement plan* Vision insuranceSchedule:* Monday to FridayCOVID-19 considerations:This job may be on-boarded remotely and is considered a temporary position for the first 90-days. Afterwards, this role becomes permanent and may require attendance in the Anaheim, CA office.Experience:* data analysis: 2 years (Required)Education:* Master's (Required)Location:* Anaheim, CA 92806 (Required)Work authorization:* United States (Required)Work Remotely:* Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Arize Corporation
5.0","Anaheim, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
269,Data Visualization Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"CareJourney’s mission is to empower individuals and organizations they trust with open, clinically-relevant analytics and insights in the pursuit of the optimal healthcare journey. We are a fast-growing start-up in Arlington, VA that builds software products to serve industry-leading customers that include Pfizer, Humana, and Microsoft. Our founders and leadership developed the policy and technology in the public and private sector that shape the work we do today. We are looking for driven professionals that are excited to join a growing business where they will have a strong voice in the direction and success of the company. Our culture embraces teamwork and cross-functional collaboration for a fun and exciting environment.We are looking for a talented, motivated, and high-performing Data Visualization Analyst to join our team. You will work to tell data-driven stories through thoughtful design. You will analyze and translate large datasets to develop use-case driven visualizations, and support the development and deployment of CareJourney’s suite of insights, products, and services to its client-base.Key ResponsibilitiesUse SQL and Data Visualization tools to develop scalable and efficient analytical environments and support rapidly growing product offeringsMockup and build analytical dashboards and reports that drive financial and business decisions, including investigating and addressing questions that arise within the data or front-end, fixing and deploying bugs, and creating ad-hoc reports for clients or internal usersAssist in the requirements gathering, design, and development of complex dashboards, visualizations and metrics using leading business intelligence softwaresWork closely with internal stakeholders, such as client services teams and engineering teams, on cross-team projects and align team goals with company goalsBasic Qualifications2+ years experience working in Data Analytics or Data VisualizationExtensive knowledge and experience working with large scale data warehouse and database platforms using SQL and a Business Intelligence visualization tool (Tableau, Power BI, Looker, Qlikview, etc.)Experience using SQL to perform complex data analysis in an enterprise data warehouseAttention to detail and the ability to think critically and solve problems using analytical and quantitative methodologiesStrong oral/written communication skills, specifically the ability to communicate and translate difficult analytical problems to stakeholders with minimal analytics backgroundAbility to work effectively and multi-task in a high paced environment",3.4,"CareJourney
3.4","Arlington, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
270,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"What you’ll be doing...

The Visible Engineering team is seeking a Data Analyst. You will develop and manage the data governance practice, product optimization, and funnel analytics.
Facilitate implementation, execution, and validation of tagging that supports accurate and reliable data collection.
Perform business analysis using various techniques, e.g. statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, data mining.
Partner with the product, media and engineering team to drive business improvements across the customer experience throughout the product buy flow.
Demonstrate best practices and develop actionable insights and recommendations for current business operations.
Work directly with the internal and external clients to identify analytical requirements and assist with ad hoc reporting.
Assist and demonstrate in implementing or developing systems to capture business operation information.
Conduct analytics deep dive using SQL, Big Query, Adobe Analytics, Salesforce, Tableau and Excel to analyze and visualize customer data in order to produce business insights and reports for the executive leadership team.
What we’re looking for...

You’ll need to have:
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.
Four or more years of relevant work experience.
Even better if you have:
Bachelors or Master’s degree in Statistics, Quantitative methods, Math, Computer Science.
Experience in data analytics or related roles.
Advanced skills in Tealium Tag Manager (GTM) and Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager (DTM).
Advanced level in Tableau, SQL, & Python.
Strong experience in implementing, troubleshooting and managing data tagging 1st and 3rd party tagging solutions.
In-depth knowledge of SEM, performance marketing, click-stream/behavior data tracking.
Proven ability to interact with senior management and clients, understand the corporate strategy, and present actionable findings.
Excellent written, oral communication, and presentation skills. Ability to present complex data reports, financial analyses, and statistics in a simple and clear way.
Ability to successfully manage interaction with internal and external clients and work independently and within a team environment with integrity, professionalism, collaboration, and dependability.
Experience with advanced Google/Adobe Analytics usage, including goal, client, dimension and dashboard creations.
When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.

]]>",3.8,"Verizon
3.8","Piscataway, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,2000,Company - Public,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
271,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"SUMMARY: The Data Analyst is responsible for data management, business intelligence management, and reporting process improvement. This position will focus on management of reporting data and evaluating, developing and implementing impactful reporting process solutions.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The items listed below detail some of the assigned duties and responsibilities for this position. This is not meant to be an all-inclusive list and management reserves the right to change these duties at any time.Assist with problem solving efforts related to day-to-day processes of the reporting & analytics team and long-term strategic initiatives of the company.Recognize opportunities and weaknesses within reporting processes and lead implementation of their effective solutions.Design, develop and refine proprietary software to support reporting & analytics team’s needs.Assist in development of data warehouse & data marts for the reporting & analytics team.Build reporting processes to assist internal and external clients.Generate accurate and timely reports to internal and external clients using technology.Apply “out-of-the-box” solutions to business issues and long-term initiatives.Construct data exports and/or provide expert support for external vendor initiatives.Construct ad-hoc data imports and/or provide expert support for various initiatives.SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: NoneQUALIFICATIONS: The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCEBachelor’s Degree in Business, Engineering, Math, Computer Science or MIS recommended.Minimum two years’ professional experience in an analytical, data-driven role.Strong SQL writing skills with knowledge of data-warehousing, and master Excel and/or Access skills.Experience with healthcare claims data, healthcare terminology and healthcare operations preferred.Experience with Power BI, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Microsoft Access Form Development, VBA, or Crystal Reports a plus.COMMUNICATION SKILLSStrong verbal and written communication skills.Comfortable communicating directly with vendors and clients.Can appropriately handle confidential and sensitive information.OTHER SKILLSStrong attention to detailComfortable using many sources data to generate solutions for internal and external clientsStrong ability to translate business needs directly into solutions using data and technologyAbility to work independently and proactivelyMust be solution-orientedAbility to work both autonomously and collaboratively as a member of a teamMust be self-motivated with the ability to assess problems/issues and offer workable solutionsStrong time and project management skillsPHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use a computer and phone. The employee is regularly required to talk and hear, as well as use hands to finger, handle and feel. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk and must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.Normal office Environment",4.6,"WebTPA
4.6","Irving, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
272,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

We are OpenSquare. We believe that people with a purpose need a place to be their best. From Seattle area skyscrapers to the Pacific Northwest’s premier Universities and medical facilities, we design and create insightful spaces with the latest technology providing our clients an environment that embodies their image and encourages success. Splice is the professional services division of OpenSquare, providing FF&E project integration, post-occupancy and MAC management for some of the most well-known companies in the Seattle area.

The Data Analyst provides critical business intelligence for the Splice team, specifically focused on building in-depth knowledge of relevant databases, processes and programs. Additionally, this role provides strategic information to key stakeholders through data mining of corporate databases and by deeply understanding business processes and programs. This role will also drive the development and communication of business performance reporting analysis

Location: South Lake Union

*Please note that due to an influx of candidate submittals, we are only reviewing candidates located in the Seattle/surrounding cities area*

The Data Analyst will:
Work closely with account managers and other stakeholders to support customer data questions and analysis
Interpret data and identify trends using statistical techniques, generate reports and visualizations
Support development and maintenance of databases, data collection systems, analytics and other strategies to optimize operational efficiency
Develop a deep understanding of the processes underlying our data to identify opportunities for data integrity, normalization and quality assurance initiatives
Develop metrics and dashboards for monitoring data trends or telling stories
Train end users on new tools, reports and dashboards
Qualified Candidates will have:
1-3 years’ experience in data analysis, modeling and/or visualization. Education may be substituted in lieu of work experience
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university in a quantitative field
Experience with Python & SQL required
Experience with Tableau, Bokeh or other data visualization tools is heavily preferred.
Ability to work with stakeholders to assess potential risks
Ability to translate business needs into non-technical, lay terms
Experience handling large data sets
Benefits include:
15 days of PTO
9 Paid Holidays
Medical/Dental/Vision
401K
If this sounds like the right opportunity for you, please apply with your resume today! We look forward to connecting.",2.9,"OpenSquare
2.9","Seattle, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
273,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Role Overview

Security, energy management, asset protection, and automation efficiencies...these are a few of our favorite things.

STRATIS IoT is actively seeking an experienced and passionate Data Analyst to join its engineering teams who are creating & molding the next generation of smart building technology. Our diverse family is made-up of adventurous, multifaceted individuals who bring what they've learned through various walks of life to improve our products.

As a Data Analyst, you should have at least two years of experience in the field, addressing real-world challenges. You will utilize your experience to assist in gaining user experience insights, product successes, key data opportunities, and overall scaling of the STRATIS platform.

Key Responsibilities
Love what you do & be an integral part of our family that is forging a new path in IoT technology;
Work with internal and external stakeholders to understand how they are using our product's data, align on useful metrics, and produce data representations an interpretable way;
Use creative analysis to surface opportunities across multiple databases;
Work relentlessly to ensure data findings are accessible to users at all levels through dashboards, visualizations, and reports;
Drive sales awareness, marketing efforts, program highlights when key data-points are discovered;
Actively interact with clients & partners during pilot projects to gain user insights;
Utilize data to understand user experiences in the field, as they are controlling & managing devices such as locks, thermostats, lights, shades, water metering, energy metering, & leak detection;
Innovate constantly on existing and cutting-edge technology to build new solutions;
Assist in the company's machine learning and AI goals in order to fully capitalize on our automation capabilities;
Take ownership of the company's data reporting capabilities, but work collaboratively with engineering teams to ensure you are armed with what you need;
Represent the company well as a continually client-facing team member;
This role reports directly to the Chief Innovation & Product Officer (CIPO).
Qualifications
2+ years of experience working with software engineering teams in an Agile environment as a data-oriented team-member;
Extraordinary initiative, drive, organization, and task-management skills;
Familiarity with Looker (LookML);
Ability to positively influence decision-making at all levels within an engineering organization with data insights;
Quick to learn new, complex systems and technologies;
Understanding of engineering principles, scrum practices, etc;
Excited to impact real people every day through your work.
Interview Process

PHASE 1: A member of our team will contact you to arrange a call to discuss your professional accomplishments & ambitions. You may be asked to participate in a second phone call to gauge technical capabilities as well.

PHASE 2: You will be invited to interview with the teams. This interview will include a review by multiple members of our various teams. Throughout this phase of the interview process, you will get the chance to interact with our teams in a casual, free-flowing environment.

PHASE 3: Final interview to assess our mutual culture-add, your relevant skillsets, and to answer any additional questions that may have come up throughout the process. Prior to this phase, you may be requested to contribute to a challenge of some type.

About STRATIS

Located in the former East Falls community theatre in the East Falls neighborhood of Philadelphia, STRATIS is widely considered one of the best-kept secrets in emerging technology. Since 2014, we have been the leader in smart apartments for multifamily. We were named one of Entrepreneur Magazine's ""Best Companies in America"" two years in a row, #740 on Inc. Magazine's list of 5000 ""fastest-growing companies"" in 2019, and our CEO, Felicite Moorman, was Ernst & Young's 2017 local and regional Entrepreneur of the Year.

As the only system of its kind built for the complexities of multifamily building management, we are leading the global movement for smart cities in the urban and residential sectors. To date, STRATIS has been installed in over 30,000 units in Japan and Europe, and in over 350,000 units across 46 states in the U.S.

Key Benefits
Competitive salary
401K retirement plan (matching)
Medical, dental, and vision plan
Life Insurance plan
SEPTA Transportation discounts
Dog-friendly office for people-friendly dogs
Ability to see your contributions impact lives every day
Flexible schedules and vacation/work from home policy (including maternity/paternity leave)
Sponsorship for conferences and educational events
Supportive, casual, and professional work environment for a team that focuses on creating linchpins, mentors, and experts in their field.",4.8,"STRATIS IoT Inc
4.8","Philadelphia, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
274,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description

What does a great Data Analyst do?

The data team is looking for a data analyst who is interested in leading the effort to promote a data-driven culture at Clover. We are looking for a problem solver who has strategically built data visualization tools and conducted in-depth analyses for an executive audience. Are you a strong self-starter who can build and lead new projects from scratch with minimal guidance, oversight, or resources? We are looking for a collaborative, team player who thrives in a fast-paced environment with quickly changing, ambiguous requirements. If you are passionate about systematically finding creative approaches to most effectively bridge the gap between data and decision makers, we want to hear from you!

In this role, you can expect to:
Serve as a bridge between decision-makers and the data needed to deliver measurable insights
Work with product, engineering, and operational teams to proactively gather requirements, develop metrics, instrument features, and deploy monitoring tools to measure product performance
Design, develop, own, and maintain ETL/ELT data flows across a constellation of data sources and systems
Use Python libraries (matplotib, seaborn) and business intelligence tools (Tableau, Sigma) to create data visualizations that enable teams to make data-driven decisions quickly and easily
Conduct in-depth analyses using statistical techniques to uncover insights into the factors that drive product performance
Lead efforts to improve data literacy and fluency within the company by contributing to data warehouse development, documentation, and training teams to become self-sufficient in data exploration and analysis
Basic qualifications for consideration:
Experience providing analytical services to executive-level partners of varying technical backgrounds
Hands-on experience building and iterating on self-serve, data visualization tools
Experience in data collection, transformation, and storage from various sources including relational databases, APIs, logs, and unstructured files
Experience in Python (or at least one scripting language) and SQL
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in a quantitative field: Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Information Systems, Engineering, Economics, or Social Sciences.
Experience implementing one or more or of the following techniques: A/B testing, regression analysis, non-parametric models, time series analysis, experimental design, survival analysis, clustering, natural language processing, or neural networks
Industry experience developing cloud-based data warehouse solutions
Experience with technologies such as Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, and Spark
About us:

Join the Fintech and SaaS revolution that is helping small businesses grow faster and get the technology and insights previously available only to the big guys. At Clover, you will be part of an entrepreneurial team working in a fast-paced and high growth environment, with the benefits of a parent company, First Data, that is the largest payments processor and merchant acquirer worldwide.

Clover delivers the leading Point of Sale system with an elegant end-to-end solution that incorporates beautiful devices, cloud-based POS software, payments processing, platform APIs for third-party developers, and an ecosystem with over 220 apps. The Clover platform delivers solutions in a scalable and modular fashion that powers tiny merchants through large football stadiums, supporting millions of transactions daily.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Learn more about Fiserv:

To support the total well-being of our associates, Fiserv takes a broad approach to our benefits. We offer a comprehensive benefits package that provides flexibility and affordability with a variety of medical, dental, vision, life insurance and disability options.

We are #FISVProud of our benefits and well-being programs. Our commitment to wellness, wellness education, preventive services and fitness activities are designed to meet you where you are.

Life moves fast. And as it does, we know most people arent thinking about financial services. But we are.

We help people and businesses move money and information every minute of every day. Our solutions connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants and consumers to one another, millions of times a day, behind the scenes, reliably and securely.

Were Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments enabling innovative financial services experiences that are in step with the way people live and work today. The companys approximately 44,000 associates proudly serve clients in more than 100 countries, so their customers, members and consumers can move money when and where they need it, at the point of thought.

Our Aspiration is to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a FORTUNE 500 company and one of FORTUNE Magazine Worlds Most Admired Companies for the seventh consecutive year, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.

We welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran

Explore the possibilities of a career with Fiserv and Find Your Forward with us.

Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.",3.2,"Fiserv
3.2","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
275,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"CBORD and Horizon are the world’s leading providers of integrated technology solutions powering housing, access, foodservice, nutrition, eCommerce, and card systems for K-12 and higher education, acute care, senior living, and business campuses. Our success and growth are directly attributed to our DREAMteam. Our culture is built on integrity, respect for our people, and continuous personal development. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit, where creativity, innovative problem solving, and learning agility drive our day-to-day actions.DREAMteam (how we refer to all of us) You’re engaged and self-motivated. You think like an entrepreneur, constantly driving improvement and innovation. You act as a change agent. You’re a team player contributing to a collaborative and diverse work environment. We question the status quo and so should you. You are accountable and focused and take smart risks. You’re an extension of our talent acquisition team – always scouting top talent to join our team.We are seeking a Talented and Driven Data Analyst to join our company and grow in this position. You will be involved in the improving the data quality and accuracy of our CRM & Marketing Automation systems.6 Month Temp Role; possible permWhat You’ll Be DoingDevelop detailed knowledge of CBORD / Horizon Software’s data, data flows, and processes.Ensure data quality throughout all stages of the client acquisition and retention process, including such areas as Campaigns, Contacts, Prospects, Leads, Opportunities, Bookings & De-bookings in both marketing automation systems and sales CRM.Contribute to CBORD / Horizon Software’s data catalog to ensure information is accurate and up to date.Help develop training materials and educate data producers and consumers on new data management processes across client acquisition and retention processes.Qualifications0-2 years’ experience working with sales, marketing, or CRM dataBachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or any related field of study.Prior experience in Excel (vlookup, formulas, pivot tables)Logical thinker who can identify, articulate, and resolve data related issuesWhat You’ll Bring to the TableEnsures the quality of work output by demonstrating a strong attention to detailMust be a self-starter with the ability to work independently and with limited supervisionAssist in identifying trends, drivers, and opportunitiesWho You’ll Work WithFirst, you will partner internally with your sales, marketing, customer service & finance leaders to understand areas of data quality improvement.You will then work independently or with IT & Finance colleagues to identify & understand candidates for data remediation.You’ll then work with independently or with IT & Data producers or consumers to remediate the data quality issue and verify the applied solution through peer review and/or testing.",3.7,"Horizon Software
3.7","Duluth, GA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
276,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"IntroductionAt IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.Your Role and ResponsibilitiesIBM’s Digital Workplace Engineering team is focused on building tools and applications for IBMers to do their best work. Through a family of apps and services, we’re building an environment which is constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to push the limits on productivity and collaboration. We are well-positioned to deliver the next chapter of the digital workplace, leveraging expertise in cloud, security, and scale.Must have the ability to work in the US without current/future need for IBM sponsorshipAs a Data Analyst, you’ll seek to understand user behavior, analyze data, identify trends, and formulate product recommendation to drive wide-scale change.Responsibilities:Perform analysis and provide actionable insight.Help define strategic goals and supporting KPIsDefine and build dashboards and reports for different departments to help monitor KPIs.Perform ongoing analysis to understand user behavior and provide actionable recommendations in different areas of the productRequired Technical and Professional Expertise3 plus years of data analysis experience at a consumer technology company3 plus years’ experience performing advanced analytics using structured and unstructured data.Solid conceptual understanding of methods in analytics and data science. Understanding of common roadblocks and technical challenges.Experience with SQL and Python/R.Preferred Technical and Professional ExpertiseExperience performing product-oriented quantitative analysis, including statistical analysisAbility to execute against defined objectives both tactically and strategicallyA team player who can collaborate with engineers, designers, and other cross-functional teamsAbility to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidanceAbout Business UnitThe IBM Finance organization is responsible for driving enterprise performance and transformation. We are the financial stewards of IBM, delivering IBM’s financial strategy, developing new business models, and mitigating enterprise risk. Do you have a passion for creating business value? Join our team in accounting, financial planning, pricing, business controls, tax, treasury, business development (acquisitions & divestitures), and global financing.Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.Location StatementUS Citizenship required.Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.",3.8,"IBM
3.8","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1911,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
277,SQL Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job ID: 2013456Location: ROCKVILLE , MD , USDate Posted: 2020-08-18Category: Information TechnologySubcategory: Data ScientistSchedule: Full-timeShift: Day JobTravel: NoMinimum Clearance Required: Public TrustClearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Public TrustPotential for Remote Work: YesDescriptionJOB DESCRIPTION:SAIC is looking to hire a SQL Data Analyst to support a Healthcare client in Rockville, MD.Support the analysis of requirements, design specifications, development, and technical and user documentation of report development through direct interaction with internal and external customers.Develop complex SQL scripts, Stored Procedures, Triggers, Functions, and Views.Troubleshoot a custom web-based application based on customer needs and be responsible for rapid responses to customer requests Perform day to day Tier 3 data analysis, and SQL, TSQL, script execution (Inserts, Updates, Deletes).Experience in creating Jobs, Alerts, SQL Mail Agent, and schedule DTS/SSIS Packages.Design, implement, and periodically test the database back-up and recovery procedures. Perform minimal database administration activities including backup and maintenance of the databases in multiple environmentsMigrating data from various data formats into SQL Server databases using automated import processes (DTS and SSIS packages, etc.).Develops, imports to and extracts from existing SQL databases.Work with the development team to coordinate the creation and management of reporting structures.Perform activities to help understand business objectives, assumptions, and constraints related to a question/problem where ad-hoc reports can serve as a solution. Support the development, optimization, and enhancement of the SSRS report.Work closely with business analysts and source data experts to develop data requirements.Exceptional knowledge of various tools to troubleshoot issues. SQL Server Profiler, Index Tuning, query executing plans, optimization, statistics, etc.QualificationsRequired Experience and Education:Must have a Bachelors and 3+ years of relevant experience. May accept 4 additional years of experience in lieu of a degree.Bachelors in Comp Science or closely related is preferredMust have at least 2+ years of hands on SQL experienceHands-on experience in reports development with SQL ServerStrong Structured Query Language (SQL) skillsFluent in MDX and T-SQL programming language, including stored procedures and user-defined functionsStrong analytical, quantitative, problem solving, and organizational skills; attention to detail; and ability to coordinate multiple tasks, set priorities, and meet deadlines.Seek a self-starter who can work effectively as a member of a team or independently as the assignment requires. Excellent interpersonal skills and a successful track record of collaboration toward achieving objectives expected.Demonstrated ability to perform complex queries, assess data quality, and develop data mappings.Excellent customer service focused approach in working with internal and external customersSAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's most complex modernization and readiness challenges. Our robust portfolio of offerings across the defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets includes high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission solutions. Using our expertise in existing and emerging technologies, we integrate the best components from our own portfolio and our partner ecosystem to deliver innovative, effective, and efficient solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has pro forma annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For ongoing news, please visit our newsroom. For SAIC benefits information, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability",3.8,"SAIC
3.8","Rockville, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,2013,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
278,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Hinge Health is pioneering the world's most patient-centered Digital Clinic for back & joint pain. Hinge Health’s Digital Clinic is the #1 musculoskeletal (MSK) solution for employers and health plans. MSK conditions are the #1 medical spend for US employers. Hinge Health is finally making it easier to bring expert-recommended care to millions of patients by being the first company to combine wearable-sensor guided exercise therapy with 1-on-1 health coaching and patient education. Only Hinge Health has clinically validated outcomes across 4 peer-reviewed studies showing reductions in: chronic pain, opioid use, anxiety, depression, absenteeism, and costly surgeries.4 in 5 employers with a digital MSK solution partner with Hinge Health and we’re poised to triple our customer base again in 2020. Hinge Health has raised $126M to date and has 300+ employees across our San Francisco, Portland, Minneapolis, Chicago, and remote offices.You’ll play a key role in analyzing data generated by our users as well as providing insights for a wide variety of internal teams (Product, Growth, Clinical, Commercial, Finance, Research) and large enterprise customers. You will be a highly-visible, trusted partner to many of our most important decision makers. This is a fantastic opportunity to join our fast-growing Data team and shape how Hinge Health puts its data to use.WHAT YOU'LL ACCOMPLISHBuild and maintain key company dashboards in Mode, our primary BI toolLead analysis and drawing conclusions from user-focused experimentsCollaborate directly with stakeholders to deeply understand their data needsSet definitions and write SQL queries that go directly into our roll-up tables/viewsWork closely with our (data) engineering team to improve data models and flag issuesAd hoc analyses as needed for high-priority/visibility itemsWHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR3+ years experience in a cross-functional, data analysis roleSQL proficiency required; Python a nice-to-havePrior experience with BI/visualization tools (Mode, Tableau, Looker, etc.) a mustFamiliarity with applied statistics pertaining to hypothesis-driven experimentsEnjoys working cross-functionally with any business unit, from Product to CommercialPairs understanding of high-level business/product problems with advanced analysisCan lead on most any type of analysis and produce prototypes/insights within hoursPatience when working with multiple, diverse stakeholders simultaneouslyA high attention to detail and the ability to QA data at a glance or in depthAbility to work autonomously and with minimal guidanceBONUS POINTSBA/BS, preferably in Business Analysis, Applied Statistics, or similar focus areaExperience analyzing medical claims and codes (ICD-10, CPT, 835/837)Hands-on data engineering/ETL experienceWHAT SHAPES OUR COMPANYTrust: We trust our teammates to always act in the team and company’s best interest.Hustle: We’re creative, we’re unrelenting, we find a way.Effective communication: We’re prompt and concise.Learn-it-all (vs know-it-all): We’re always willing to learn.Frugal: We don’t waste money and especially not time.WHAT YOU'LL LOVE ABOUT USCompetitive compensation with meaningful stock optionsMedical, Dental, Vision, Disability and Life Insurance (We cover 100% of your premium and 75% for your dependents)401K match3 months paid parental leaveDaily lunchProfessional development budgetMonthly fitness/gym reimbursementAnnual mental wellness benefitNoise-cancelling headphonesWork from home policyOpportunity to join a fantastically talented, diverse, and passionate team at a pivotal time in the company’s lifecycleIf you're interested - we'd love to hear from you. No recruiters, please.Hinge Health is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",4.5,"Hinge Health
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
279,Data Sourcing Data Delivery Analyst - Analytics and Data Science Lab (#150339),$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"A department which values Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) and is committed to realizing the firm’s D&I ambition which is an integral part of our global Conduct and Ethics Standards
The opportunity to become part of our highly motivated Analytics team focusing on building and driving new and state of the art technologies in various fields
An exciting role for you as Data Analyst within our Analytics & Data Science Lab and close collaboration with its Chief Operating Officer, Financial Crimes Compliance, Risk Management, IT and Operations teams as well as coordination with related organizations within our Bank
Manage developing, maintaining and extracting knowledge from strategic internal and external data sets
Manage documenting data attributes, data feeds and data sources in a concise and succinct way
Developing and crafting algorithms, building prototype versions, running multiple validations with business specialists and working on their operationalization
Becoming part of a forward-thinking team with an outstanding team spirit in a versatile, dynamic, and flexible working environment
Flexible / agile working options are possible
Understands the value of diversity in the workplace and is dedicated to fostering an inclusive culture in all aspects of working life so that people from all backgrounds receive equal treatment, realize their full potential and can bring their full, authentic selves to work. This should be further elaborated on in your application.
Previous experience at Credit Suisse and in particular in the risk department would be an advantage
A Bachelor or Master degree in a computer science, Information System, Information Technology (University or University of Applied Sciences) or an equivalent education
Equivalent experience of at least 5 years in Data Analysis or Business Analysis
Background in Finance, analytics methods and Data warehouse Principals and programming language like Python, R, SAS is a plus.
Due to your experience with relational database programming and complex data pipelines you feel at ease in assembling data sets from disparate sources and analysis using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems
Detailed knowledge in distributed data processing at scale using Spark or/and Hive is preferred
Experience in the regulatory technologies or Risk and compliance domain within the financial industry is a plus!
Outstanding written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills
Integrity, responsibility and confidentiality required for dealing with sensitive data
Hardworking with proven experience as a strong, self-starting standout colleague with willingness to perform in a fast paced environment and contribute to the team's success
Do you possess ability to learn and take additional responsibilities to become a respected know-how carrier in the team?",3.8,"Credit Suisse
3.8","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1856,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
280,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Ann Arbor Pharmacometrics Group Inc. is a functional service provider specializing in model-based drug development consulting for the pharmaceutical industry.

Founded in 2007 by three former Pfizer employees, A2PG works to promote leveraging information across statistics as well as clinical and pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic disciplines through the application of models and clinical trial simulation techniques in order to enhance drug development strategies and decision-making. To date, A2PG has worked with over sixty pharmaceutical and drug development companies.

A2PG is now seeking a data analyst with a background or interest in applied mathematics, biology, pharmacology, biotech, or medicine to join our team.
Position Overview: *
· A2PG data analysts work with pharmacometricians to analyze pre-clinical and clinical data for exploratory analysis, modeling, and simulation for our clients’ drug development programs.
Specific Responsibilities: *
· Create analysis-ready datasets for use in modeling and simulation.

· Prepare tabular and graphical data summaries.

· Observe and interpret data trends and analyze data using statistical methods.

· Assist pharmacometricians in model development and performing model-based simulations.

· Comply with 21CFR11 regulations to maintain an audit trail of all reported results.

· Maintain working knowledge of regulatory agency guidelines and requirements.

· Support activities for the quality control (QC) of results against original source documents.
Qualifications: *
· Bachelor’s degree in biostatistics, statistics, data science, a related field or commensurate experience required. Master’s preferred.

· Programming experience with Base SAS software or R software is desirable.

· Experience in application of time-to-event analyses preferred.

· Candidates should possess strong data management, analytical, and organizational skills, with the ability to adapt and adjust to changing priorities.
Benefits: *
· A2PG provides top of the industry benefits including 401(k) with company contributions, fully funded health insurance without employee deductibles, and 20 days of paid time off.
Compensation: *
· Commensurate with credentials. $50,000.00 to $70,000.00

· Eligible for bonus considerations.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $50,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
A2PG provides a spacious office workspace, which eliminates close contact with coworkers and does not receive visitors. A2PG provides employees with personal protective gear.

Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Company's website:
a2pg.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Ann Arbor Pharmacometrics Group,"Ann Arbor, MI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Public,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
281,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Doximity is transforming the healthcare industry. Our mission is to help doctors be more productive, informed, and connected. As a Data Analyst, you'll work within cross-functional delivery teams alongside other analysts, engineers, and product managers in discovering data insights to help improve healthcare.

Our team brings a diverse set of technical and cultural backgrounds and we like to think pragmatically in choosing the tools most appropriate for the job at hand.

About Us
Here are some of the ways we bring value to doctors
Here is an introduction to our tech stack
We use UNIX command-line interface and standard programming tools (vim/emacs, git, etc.) and have over 350 private repositories in Github containing our applications, forks of gems, our own internal gems, and open-source projects
We have worked as a distributed team for a long time; we're currently about 65% distributed
Find out more information on the Doximity engineering blog
Our company core values
Our recruiting process
Our product development cycle
Our on-boarding & mentorship process
Here's How You Will Make an Impact
Leverage Doximity's extensive datasets to identify and classify behavioral patterns of medical professionals on our platform.
Play a key role in creating both product and client-facing analytics.
Inform data team strategy by working with the product leaders and managers. Actively participate in execution and some planning of organizational data team strategy.
Collaborate with a team of product managers, analysts, and other developers to define and lead data projects from data ingestion to analysis to recommendations.
About you
At least 2 years of professional experience as a data analyst.
Knowledge of statistical concepts, especially exploratory data analysis techniques, and probability theory.
Excellent SQL skills to create and evaluate complex statements involving numerous tables and data relationships.
Excellent visualization and storytelling skills to explain your results and solutions to the stakeholders, clearly and compellingly.
Experience with Python and understanding of the object-oriented programming concepts and testing as it relates to data and Python.
Prior exposure to distributed data processing concepts and execution (e.g., working with column stores, leveraging spark, etc.)
Fast learner; curiosity about and passion for data.
Benefits
Doximity has industry-leading benefits. For an updated list, see our career page
More info on Doximity

We're thrilled to be named the Fastest Growing Company in the Bay Area, and one of Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies. Joining Doximity means being part of an incredibly talented and humble team. We work on amazing products that over 70% of US doctors (and over one million healthcare professionals) use to make their busy lives a little easier. We're driven by the goal of improving inefficiencies in our $3.5 trillion U.S. healthcare system and love creating technology that has a real, meaningful impact on people's lives. To learn more about our team, culture, and users, check out our careers page, company blog, and engineering blog. We're growing steadily, and there's plenty of opportunities for you to make an impact.

Doximity is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law.",4.7,"Doximity
4.7",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
282,Data Analyst,$41k-$76k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst


Who You Are

Data Analysts are focused on turning complex data into information, information into insight, and insight into business decisions. They communicate and collaborate with cross functional teams and stakeholders including data scientists, engineers, product managers, and executives and deliver high-quality analytic insights with the ability to derive actions that can be integrated into different workflows.

What you’ll do:
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports and dashboards
Use CRBO to run reports and Snowflake queries to obtain data sets, thread with other data to provide key metrics and data points to drive business cases and decisions
Collaborate with business and IT teams to understand the different persona specific-use cases, the related business insight, consolidate use cases across persona and drive a common approach towards solving multiple use cases
Partner with cross-functional teams to realize data relationships through proper threading
Follow data privacy and protection processes required and implement systems and workflows that enforces security
Partner with Data Custodian/Stewards and other data management roles to ensure proper data operations improve quality, accessibility and value of consumed data
Partner with Ops and IT to develop CX-wide data and information architecture
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques
Provide clear, impactful outputs that tell a story and point to key takeaways and learnings
We are seeking high-energy and qualified candidates who possess the following skills and experience:
Minimum: Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, or related field
Preferred: Masters/PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, or related field
4-6 years of experience working with extremely large datasets, ETL processing and Machine learning pipelines
Minimum 3 years’ experience in SQL/NoSQL required
Experience in Python/R and Data Warehousing required
Experience with CRBO and Snowflake required
Experience with Hadoop, Map Reduce, Webex Teams, AWS/Azure/Cloud experience preferred
Who you'll work with:


You will work cross functionally with the Customer Experience, Sales, Marketing, and IT organizations, playing a leadership role in transforming Cisco by developing and implementing analytic models and intelligent automation to drive us toward a data-driven digital organization.

Digital Lifecycle Journey’s (DLJ) digital expertise makes us uniquely qualified to address the evolving expectations of today’s connected customers and partners, along with Cisco sellers. Using real-time connected data, machine learning, and automation; the team enables Cisco sellers and partners to deliver a powerful, personalized experience—throughout the entire customer lifecycle. DLJ is focused on providing customers with an immersive digital experience with Cisco. This in turn drives improvements in recurring revenue, cost savings and sales effectiveness for Cisco and its partners.

Why Cisco


We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.

We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.

We Are Cisco

#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box.
But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best and give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart! Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
So, you have colorful hair - Don’t care. Tattoos - Show off your ink. Like polka dots - That’s cool. Pop culture geek - Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us!
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.",4.2,"Cisco Systems
4.2","Research Triangle Park, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
283,Application Development Technical Lead Analyst- Big Data/Java,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Applications Development Technology Lead Analyst is a senior level position responsible for establishing and implementing new or revised application systems and programs in coordination with the Technology team. The overall objective of this role is to lead applications systems analysis and programming activities.

Responsibilities:
Partner with multiple management teams to ensure appropriate integration of functions to meet goals as well as identify and define necessary system enhancements to deploy new products and process improvements
Resolve variety of high impact problems/projects through in-depth evaluation of complex business processes, system processes, and industry standards
Provide expertise in area and advanced knowledge of applications programming and ensure application design adheres to the overall architecture blueprint
Utilize advanced knowledge of system flow and develop standards for coding, testing, debugging, and implementation
Develop comprehensive knowledge of how areas of business, such as architecture and infrastructure, integrate to accomplish business goals
Provide in-depth analysis with interpretive thinking to define issues and develop innovative solutions
Serve as advisor or coach to mid-level developers and analysts, allocating work as necessary
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.
Qualifications:
6-10 years of relevant experience in Apps Development or systems analysis role
Extensive experience system analysis and in programming of software applications
Experience in managing and implementing successful projects
Subject Matter Expert (SME) in at least one area of Applications Development
Ability to adjust priorities quickly as circumstances dictate
Demonstrated leadership and project management skills
Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication
6+ years of hands on experience in Big data/Hadoop ecosystem
Expert in high volume data processing (real-time & batch), performance optimization.
Excellent knowledge of Spark/Sparkstreaming
Proficient understanding of Hadoop ecosystem and related tech stack including Spark, HBase, Hive, Sqoop, Flume, Impala, Kafka etc.
Well versed with big data design patterns
Analytical and problem solving skills
Hands on experience with Java and SQLs
Have experience in working with huge data (?500 TB)
Working experience using frameworks like AngularJS, React, JQuery, etc. is beneficial
Experience in programmatically interfacing with BI reporting tools, charting libs is a plus
Good understanding of Java/JEE along with common frameworks like spring, hibernate, jackson, jersey
Nice to have:
Knowledge/experience with other big data platforms like redshift, Bigquery
Experience with platform migration to Bigdata
Experience with performance testing and tuning
NoSQL databases like Mongodb. Apache beam
Education:
Bachelors degree/University degree or equivalent experience
Masters degree preferred
This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required.

-------------------------------------------------

Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US

------------------------------------------------------

Time Type :

------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries (""Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE.

To view the ""EEO is the Law"" poster CLICK HERE. To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE.
To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE.",3.8,"Citi
3.8","Tampa, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1812,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
284,Applied Data Analyst (Contract),$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"BetterUp is a mobile-based coaching platform that brings personalized professional coaching to employees at all levels. We help managers lead better, teams perform better, and employees thrive personally and inspire professionally. Our mission is to help professionals everywhere pursue their lives with greater clarity, purpose, and passion. Our product was developed by a team of leading behavioral scientists, researchers, and technologists to bring evidence-based learning to professionals everywhere. We're already transforming the way companies approach talent development at high-performing organizations like Airbnb, Genentech, Mars, LinkedIn, and Workday. Let's build together!

Our team is looking for an intern or contractor to support critical data analysis and behavioral insight generation. This individual will provide essential support to the client-facing team members, arming them with advanced analyses, visualizations, and insights from client data. You'd aid in preparing materials that will be in prospects and clients' hands, guiding their decisions, and next steps. We are looking for someone who is passionate about telling powerful stories that can help companies support their people. Having an interest in applying your domain and analytic expertise in new ways is a plus.

Key Responsibilities:
Pull, clean, and merge data
Conduct advanced analytics for strategic accounts and opportunities (with quantitative and qualitative data)
Visualize data with accessible and impactful graphics
Describe data and findings in a way that is accessible to our clients, the market and a broad audience
Translate data into polished PPT slides that communicate a compelling narrative
Partner with cross-functional stakeholders to prepare presentations
Required Skills / Experience
Deep experience in data analysis in the social sciences with a strong command of R and the Tidyverse packages (e.g., dplyer & ggplot) as a toolset for statistical analysis, visualization, and interactive reporting in the context of large and/or complex data sets.
Applied data analysis experience and experience or interest in translating insights from science-to-practice
Demonstrated expertise in translating analytical results into client-facing figures, charts, and insights.
Post-Masters progression and current enrollment in a PhD program in I/O Psychology, Educational Psychology or a closely related area, including completion of coursework in related topics (e.g., training, leadership, measurement, research methods, advanced statistics).
Intermediate experience with Excel, Powerpoint, Google Sheets, and Google Slides is required.
Experience with BI tools such as Looker, Domo, and Mode is highly valued. Experience with SQL is not required but is nice to have.
Strong partnership and communication skills.
Attention to detail and a high bar for craftsmanship.
Working Situation
This is a purely remote contractor role. Virtual meeting and collaboration tools will be provided.
Delivery time for the various activities will vary depending on their complexity and urgency. In general, a few day's turn-around will be typical.
Payment will be for reported hours worked. This role is expected to be part-time, 20-25 hours per week.
Working term - 10 months
Start Date - ASAP
BetterUp Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, genetics, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, BetterUp Inc. complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

#LI-Remote",3.9,"BetterUp
3.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
285,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

Piscataway, New Jersey - United States | Posted - 09/21/20

Apply
Easy Apply

Overview

Job Role: Data Analyst

Location: United States-New Jersey-Piscataway

Responsibilities:
The Data Analyst directly takes part in the data analysis and testing of tools that are integral parts of researcher-centric analytical products.
The role engages in projects that need Python, Java, SPARQL, SQL, and in-depth understanding of data structures and algorithms, natural language processing, recursive neural networks, and classical machine learning. The resource collaborates in ongoing projects to deliver solutions used by millions of users globally on a day-to-day basis.
Skills Required:
Python, Java, SPARQL, SQL, and RDF are essential Familiarity with data structures and algorithms, natural language processing, recursive neural networks, and machine learning
Experience in using cloud-based technologies throughout the machine learning product development
Understanding of data warehousing concepts such as data migration and data integration. Some experience working with cloud platforms such as AWS and Azure
Excellent Debugging and code-reading skills
Documentation and structured programming to support sustainable development practice
Work Experience:
Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau or similar
Experience in both front-end developments, especially with Angular is plus
Experience in implementing large scale software solutions is a strong plus
Demonstrated skill in project planning and collaborating with large groups
Ability to describe challenges and solutions in both technical and business terms
Ability to develop and maintain excellent working relationships at all organizational levels
Education:
A current graduate student in a master’s or PhD program is preferred.
All fields of engineering and science are welcome to apply.",3.6,"Apptad
3.6","Piscataway, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
286,"Analyst, Data and Analysis",$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company DescriptionAbout DigitasDigitas is The Connected Marketing Agency, committed to helping brands better connect with people through Truth. Connection. Wonder. With diverse expertise in data, strategy, creative, media, and tech, we work across capabilities and continents to make better connections and achieve ambitious outcomes through ideas that excite, provoke and inspire. Curious and fully transparent, we are always examining real human behavior to create authentic connections—between brands and consumers, clients and partners, and ideas and outcomes. Digitas has 3,300 employees across 12 countries and 24 offices, with an extended network via Publicis Media of over 23,500 employees present in more than 100 countries worldwide. To connect with Digitas or learn more, visit www.digitas.comJob DescriptionDigitas is a highly-caffeinated playground where brilliant minds come together to bring bold, award-winning ideas to life.The Data & Analysis team uses data-driven insights to fuel strategic growth for clients. We believe that data should never exist in a vacuum; instead, it should be put to work to bring the best ideas and stories to our clientsTo help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Analyst – someone who has a knack for understanding data and telling the story of why it matters. You’ll learn from the best in the business as you work with the team to bring actionable insights to our clients. Up for it? Read on.What you’ll do:As an Analyst, you’ll lay the groundwork and contribute to day-to-day reporting needs for client marketing efforts. You’ll work on brand campaigns, acquisition campaigns, site optimization, and/or online testing strategy.Day-to-day, your role includes:Keeping a pulse on day-to-day performance data, including display media, site, search, email, and/or social campaignsWorking in a variety of reporting systems and databases for the creation of recurring reports and dashboardsIdentifying nuances in data to optimize our clients’ businessSupporting marketing initiatives across project and campaign lifecycles, including measurement plans, primary and secondary research, and performance reportingExpanding industry knowledge and relevant skillsets through internal trainingWe’re looking for strong, impactful work experience, which typically includes:1-3 years of work experience in a relevant industryA four-year college degreePassion for digital marketing, eagerness to learn in a constantly-changing space, and a natural curiosityFamiliarity with Excel and/or other data analysis tools such as SQL or Tableau a plusComfortable in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environmentGot what it takes? We’d love to hear from you.Digitas is an equal opportunity employer.QualificationsWe’re looking for strong, impactful work experience, which typically includes:1-3 years of work experience in a relevant industryA four-year college degreePassion for digital marketing, eagerness to learn in a constantly-changing space, and a natural curiosityFamiliarity with Excel and/or other data analysis tools such as SQL or Tableau a plusComfortable in a fast-paced and deadline-driven environmentGot what it takes? We’d love to hear from you.Digitas is an equal opportunity employer.Additional InformationAll your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",3.5,"Digitas
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
287,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data AnalystAbout GoWe're building the world’s first Social Life platform; it’s called Go. Use it to plan some binge-watching of a Netflix series with a buddy, have a potluck with your close friends, plan a great night out with a date, see a concert, make it on time for the best happy hour you never knew about with old friends, or find and enroll in a nearby yoga (or boxing, or rock climbing…) class that fits perfectly in your schedule. If you’re feeling adventurous, check out a list of the best stuff happening in your city that you love or are visiting, or explore new activities that you’ve always wanted to experience but don’t know where to start (and don’t have time and motivation to research it all on the internet).All of that ‘stuff’, well, it’s what makes our worlds go-round; because that’s what life is about. Friends. Family. Community. Love. Adventure. So, instead of staring down at a smartphone at all hours of the day opining on things that your community has already done. Go creates a world where every post on your feed is something you can actually go and do. A platform that helps you plan and coordinate and get out there. Off the screen and into the fray of real life. That’s Go.We’re not gonna lie: Go is early-stage. But we’re funded, led by an incredible, passionate, and prestigious team, and have a product that very well may make the world a better place. We’re not Uber for cats, or some weird new drink or delivery service. We’re attempting to solve the monumental problem of social rift. We believe that a path back from a post-fact, post-community world is one that starts with a cup of coffee with an old friend. Or a bike ride. Any time you’re off you’re social media feeds and hanging out with others. A technology company devoted to making life better through empowering people to build and enrich real-life relationships with friends, family, and community.Go is founded on the belief that a healthy social life is fundamentally made up of two things: spending time with people and doing the things that you want to do. It’s that simple: People should do what they love and be free to live the best life possible. Social technology should help us in real life by promoting human agency and self-actualization, and must stand against exploitation and the monetisation of its users and their personal data. Our world and environment has untapped and unknown richness, beauty and potential. Happiness is contagious whether found through extraordinary events or shared simple and mundane experiences. Tech can help happiness grow and make life better - in the real world.The Data Analyst will be expected to perform the following functions:Data Analyst Job DutiesData analyst responsibilities include conducting full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities. They will also monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements.ResponsibilitiesDevelop, implement, and maintain both flat and relational databases for ongoing internal engineering and research projects.Create and maintain ‘data dictionary’ for use by both engineering and research units.Create and run statistical scripts that assess data structure/functional form, data cleanliness, labeling, and repeat capture from data source.Perform data manipulation tasks such as: data cleaning, labeling, and analysis.Create ‘game plan’ for data consumption, which will include basic web-based capture, API calls, and potentially NLP-based keyword search and data transformation.Create, maintain, and present ongoing audits of data sources.Create weekly data capture, cleaning, labeling, and aggregation progress.Create analytic tools to understand and intra/inter dataset correlations, then document correlations accordingly.Work with management to prioritize research and engineering needs.Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.RequirementsProven working experience as a data analyst, researcher, statistician, data architect, or data engineerTechnical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniquesStrong knowledge of and experience with databases (SQL etc)Advanced statistical package skills (R/Rstudio, STATA)Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, STATA, R, etc)Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyAdept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsStrong background in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or StatisticsStrong understanding of database architecture (flat, relational, and tree/node)Understanding of open and closed data sources, legal and ethical data scraping considerations, and data source reportingWillingness to learn and incorporate social science correlation patterns into research objectives (social psychology, organizational theory, etc.)Experience working alone and with a teamStrong verbal and written communication skillsPrevious SaaS experience a plus",3.7,"Go, Inc.
3.7","Portland, OR",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
288,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Captivate is North America’s leading location-based digital video network reaching millions of professionals throughout the day. We connect viewers to the world outside their office by delivering valuable information and entertainment. Utilizing multiple touchpoints including elevator screens, mobile & desktop to influence personal and professional purchase decisions, we maintain a 90% engagement rate among a quality, hard-to-reach audience of 12 million unique viewers every month.

Data Analyst

Captivate has an excellent opportunity for a strategic professional looking to grow their skills, expand responsibility, and pursue an exciting and rewarding career in sales operations and analytics. The Data Analyst is a key role with measurable impact on the sales performance of both our American and Canadian Ad Sales and Real Estate Sales teams. Responsibilities include managing strategy focused projects as determined by the Sales Operations & Strategy Manager, overseeing data visualization design and reporting, and acting as a liaison between our Engineering, IT and Product teams to convert business needs into technical requirements. The Data Analyst will report directly to the Sales Operations & Strategy Manager and will work out of our NYC headquarters.

What You’ll Do:
Build data visualization dashboards (Looker) for revenue generating departments (Ad Sales, Real Estate Sales, Lead Generation, Operations, etc.)to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions
Build reporting dashboards and drive analysis to increase the performance visibility to the business owners
Develop and automate reports in Excel, cleansing the data from multiple sources
Identify and optimize processes for sales, strategy, and planning departments
Drive continuous improvement on all related sales processes, systems and documents to ensure standardization and simplification of the sales process
Be a subject matter expert on the Sales CRM (Netsuite & boostr), and assist in back-end improvements
Conduct research, pilot features for the Sales CRM (Netsuite & boostr), document/prepare recommendations for review and act as the training lead for day to day support
Prepare and distribute weekly reports on Ad Sales & Real Estate Sales team attainment
What You Bring:
Working experience in sales strategy or sales operations
Strong business acumen capable of understanding the variables impacting sales and revenue
Ability to organize and prioritize activities effectively, while ensuring a high level of accuracy and attention to detail in a deadline driven environment
A go-getter attitude capable of working independently and proactively to address business needs
Advanced proficiency using Excel, Power BI, Word, and PowerPoint
Experience working with data visualization platforms (Looker, Tableau, Domo, etc.)
Experience with CRM software (Salesforce, NetSuite, etc.)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Bonus Points if You:
Have a basic understanding of SQL and want to learn more
Have a general knowledge of cloud environments
Why You Should Work for Captivate:

Captivate offers a generous FTO (flexible time off) policy, matching 401k, commuter benefits & health insurance programs offered through Cigna. We encourage work-life balance through team building activities, employee outings and celebratory events. Captivate offers a great work environment and provides employees the opportunity to make an impact, through employer gift match programs & volunteer opportunities.

Behind the screens of Captivate are real people. Check out our Employee Spotlight page!",4.4,"Captivate
4.4","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,News Outlet,Media,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
289,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nurx is looking for a Data Analyst who loves answering complex business and health questions through data. This is a rare opportunity to help build a data-driven culture from the ground up and impact the lives of millions by helping reinvent the healthcare system. We're building a system to support delivery of medical care in a modern and truly empathetic way.On this team, you'll work closely with Engineering, Product, Operations, and Finance to analyze and mine data available internally to help drive the process. You'll be reporting to the VP of Engineering and will engage with all aspects of Nurx to discover insights on how to drive operational efficiency, help plan for staffing, and most importantly, increase our ability to better our patient's health.What you'll do:Deliver the insights necessary to help Nurx scale its Operations and Medical teams.Build intuitive dashboards to empower other team members with actionable data.Identify, track, and report regularly on key operational performance metrics.Develop quantitative analysis, ad-hoc reports, and models to support key operations decisions, including staffing plans, process optimizations, and personnel performance management.Take an active role in tracking and analytics across the company.Flex into other areas of the organizations to help drive data driven decision making. Assist the Product, Finance, and Engineering teams derive key insights as needed.Engage with stakeholders to understand business problems and translate their questions into insights and easily digestible summaries.A bit about you:Proven ability to write, optimize and execute complex SQL queries.Minimum of 2 years of experience in data science, business intelligence / consulting / investment banking / healthcare / public health or related experience.Bachelor's Degree in: Math, Finance, Economics, Statistics, Data Science, Physics or related field.Analytical mindset with the ability to focus on a problem, ask insightful questions, and gain expertise quickly.Experience with Python or other programmatic data analysis languages.Experience working with ETLs or an understanding of data warehouse organization.Familiarity with Splunk, Looker, or Mode.Exposure to software version control systems/Git and GitHub.Competent understanding of statistical principles (eg. statistical significance).Ability to derive meaning from raw data in order to influence product decisions and direction.About us:At Nurx, we're creating a future where healthcare is easily accessible and affordable for everyone and building software that empowers people to be in control of decisions about their own health.Our platform enables doctors to give patients personalized care at lower costs and prescriptions delivered straight to their door. We are committed to disrupting the healthcare system and increasing access to healthcare for millions across the country, starting with birth control and PrEP.Benefits:Talented and collaborative team who will both support and challenge you.Market competitive salary and equity.Medical, dental, commuter, wellness, and engineering technology benefits.401(k) retirement plan.Paid holiday, vacation, and sick leave.Take what you need vacation (and we really mean it!).This position is full-time and based in San Francisco, CA. Remote applicants will also be considered. Visa sponsorship is not available for this role.",3.5,"Nurx
3.5",California,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
290,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Starry:

Starry is proud to be an Equal Opportunity workplace. Just like the internet service we provide, we do not discriminate. We welcome people from all over the world to share their knowledge and perspectives. At Starry, you can discover the many careers and opportunities that are made possible when you connect people to the limitless possibilities of the internet.

Our mission focuses on two things. First, we're making the experience of accessing the internet simple, transparent, and delightful. Second, we're bringing that experience to underserved communities around the world. We approach our mission with a cutting-edge wireless technology, customer service designed to delight, and a culture of innovation and intellectual curiosity.

What You'll Do:
Design, build and maintain scalable data models to power self-service business intelligence tools and promote data-driven decision making
Own data projects end-to-end working with tools like Airflow, DBT, and Spark
Analyze complex datasets and communicate findings to stakeholders
Work with stakeholders across the organization to gather and understand data requirements
Architect and maintain pipelines for moving data into various third-party services, furthering our personalization capabilities
Build and maintain data tests and documentation
Serve as resident data quality advocate
Collaborate with engineering on infrastructure projects
Proactively seek out and investigate new technologies to advance Starry's analytics practice
Qualifications:
Eagerness to build a best-in-class data practice
4+ years of experience modeling, visualizing and interpreting data
Expert-level knowledge of SQL
Familiarity with dbt or similar tools for data transformation preferred
Proficiency in a scripting language, Python preferred
Experience with one or more cloud-based data warehouse (e.g. Snowflake, Redshift)
Enthusiasm for conducting reproducible analysis; we believe in code review, version control, and solid documentation
Proven ability to work with cross-functional groups in order to meet deliverables
Skilled at working in an autonomous environment where you'll work independently to execute on various projects
We work hard, so we take care of each other and try to enjoy ourselves along the way. We have:
Premium medical, dental, and vision coverage with no employee contribution required
12 weeks of paid parental leave
Catered meals on a weekly basis
Groups for skiing, biking, running, climbing, stretching, shuffleboard, darts, and more
Happy Interneting!

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

Disclaimer: This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee.",4.2,"Starry
4.2","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
291,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Role
Come help our customers learn more about the world. Below is a small sample of the questions we’ve asked of our data over the last year.

Did Lyft’s prospects improve in politically progressive areas in the aftermath of Uber’s press woes?
Is Amazon’s revenue growth in the fourth quarter primarily driven by customers in rural areas?
How did the path of the solar eclipse affect hotel bookings across the United States?

As part of the client-focused function on the data team, you will be responsible for helping industry-leading companies understand how purchase and travel behavior is changing in America. You will become an expert in our dataset and answers questions from prospects, customers, and internal stakeholders to help extract value from our data.

You
You creatively work through problems with statistically sound thinking and have the natural itch to follow obstacles to their root cause. You think deeply about the problems ahead and are comfortable moving between tools in your toolbelt. And you are quick to learn, implementing new approaches when facing questions that demand it. You are a stickler for quality and pay careful attention to the details that matter.

You are a gifted communicator and are passionate about helping others make sense of data. You are comfortable juggling multiple projects at one time and relish the opportunity to empower leaders in finance, technology, and consumer goods with data to shape their long term strategy.

Requirements
1+ years of SQL experience
Ability to communicate findings to non-experts
Desire to learn data modeling technologies (python, spark) and build on statistical knowledge
Bachelors in social science (Economics, Sociology, ...), related discipline or equivalent experience
Excited by a high learning curve
Excellent written and oral communicator

Compensation and Benefits
Highly competitive salary and benefits
Stock grants pre-IPO at a company backed by top investors
Take unlimited, responsible vacation

About Us
Edison provides intelligent email solutions for users and competitive intelligence for businesses. The largest, most valuable and as yet untapped data on earth is in mail; 3x larger than the worldwide web. Through our user base of more than 3 million users, we empower investors, brands, and technology companies to understand trends in the marketplace and gain deep insights into consumer behavior patterns.

As a team, we’re collaborative, engaged, and committed to continually improving as we serve our mission. None of us are on an island-- we trust our teammates to lend a hand when we’re stuck and our egos take a backseat to figuring out the best approach to tackling problems. We’re energized by tough problems and are excited to know that a challenge ahead of us does not have a textbook solution. Finally, we’re always in a posture of learning-- there is a lot we do not know but that does not hold us back from making an attempt at solutions. We lead thorough blameless postmortems to become better analysts, scientists, and leaders.
We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.",5.0,"Edison Software
5.0","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
292,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"The New York City Department of Investigation (DOI) is one of the oldest law enforcement agencies in the country with a mission of combating municipal corruption. It serves the people of New York City by acting as an independent and nonpartisan watchdog for New York City government, City agencies, and City employees, vendors with City contracts, individuals and entities that receive City funds.DOI seeks a Data Analyst who will conduct investigations concerning fraud and corruption, and inquiries about the affairs, functions, accounts, methods, personnel, and efficiency of City agencies. Specifically, the selected candidate will focus on the City's Department of Sanitation, Fire Department, Taxi & Limousine Commission, Emergency Management, and Conflicts of Interest Board. In this role, the Data Analyst will assist Squad 6 investigators in building and enhancing complex investigations, and will help with large-scale data collection and analysis. The Data Analyst is expected to aggregate data from various sources (such as telephone records, financial records, property records, and other records derived from various law enforcement databases and public sources), to conduct fraud detection, analyze this data to identify trends and patterns consistent with DOI's investigative objectives, and be able to visualize, communicate and present the findings in a cogent manner through compelling reports to key decision-makers. The Data Analyst will also be assigned his/her own investigations, and will, accordingly, conduct interviews and take statements; plan field operations including physical surveillance and search warrants; collaborate with other law enforcement agencies such as county, state, and federal prosecutors, NYPD, and FBI; liaise with officials at City agencies; memorialize investigative findings; and formulate policy recommendations. Findings of criminality will be referred for prosecution, and the selected candidate will be responsible for planning and coordinating the apprehension and arrest of all subjects.This position is ideally suited for a candidate who is interested in law enforcement, and who is inquisitive and resourceful. The successful Data Analyst will be conscientious, creative, detailed-oriented, self-motivated, and flexible enough to perform effectively both independently and as part of a team.If selected, the candidate will be fingerprinted and undergo a background investigation. Because the position has a law enforcement and/or investigative function, the candidate's consumer credit history will be reviewed during the background investigation as permitted by NYC Administrative Code §8-107(24)(b)(2)(A).New York State certified Peace Officers are encouraged to apply.Minimum Qual Requirements1. A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and four years of satisfactory full-time experience in an industrial or governmental agency in the field of investigation, auditing, law enforcement, security, inspections, or in a major operational area of the agency in which the appointment is to be made; or2.A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university; or3. Education and/or experience equivalent to ""1"" or ""2"" above.Preferred Skills1. Educational background in computer science, accounting, auditing, statistics, mathematics, or other similar fields ofstudy2. Proven experience and demonstrated expertise analyzing large amounts of data using Microsoft Excel; experience with software including i2, PenLink, GeoTime, and ArcGIS3. Proficiency in programming languages including R, SQL, and Python4. Strong communication skills, excellent judgment, and confidence to discuss results of analysis5. Exposure to data mining tools and techniques6. Ability to turn vague concepts into well-documented deliverables and insights7. Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance8. Ability to work well in a team environment9. Ability to take constructive criticism and feedback on a consistent basis10. Highly detail-oriented and organized with the ability to multi-task and work in a fast paced environment11. Ability to prioritize and manage large volume of tasks12. Ability to exercise discretion on sensitive or confidential mattersTo ApplyAll current City Employees may apply by going to Employee Self Service (ESS) http://cityshare/ess then click on Recruiting Activities/Careers and Search for the specific Job ID #429735.All other applicants, please go to www.nyc.gov/career/search and search for the specific Job ID #429735.Please do not email, mail or fax your resume to DOI directly. Submissions of resumes does not guarantee an interview. Due to the high volume of resumes DOI receives for positions, only selected candidates will be contacted.Appointments are subject to Office of Management & Budget approval for budgeted headcountThe City of New York is an equal opportunity employer and is strongly committed to a policy of non-discrimination. We are committed to recruiting a diverse and inclusive talent pool..Residency RequirementNew York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.",3.9,"New York City DEPARTMENT OF INVESTIGATION
3.9","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
293,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Posted Date: 9/23/2020
Job Category: Computing / MIS
Position Title: Data Analyst

Salary Range:
Location: Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, Virginia, USA

Desired Skills:
Description:
The project is for the remainder of the year to make changes to a critical single family model and any component parts of the model, including data feeds and
emulators. The position is to support the development of enhancements and changes to the model throughout the year.

• Experience in SAS or Python development
• Experience in:
Data analytics
Statistical modelling
Modelling implementation
Data quality
Data migration
Data integration
Data enrichment
Coding
Reporting
Testing
• Expertise in:
SQL
Databases (Sybase, Oracle or UDB)
Microsoft Office tools (Access, Excel, Power Point, Word)",4.4,"C.C. Pace Systems
4.4","Arlington, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
294,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Total Solutions, Inc. (TSI) is recruiting for a full-time Data Analyst to support FEMA offices in Washington, DC.
Duties:
In this role you’ll work on defining, measuring and process improvements for our internal teams. As a member of the Business Process Improvement team, the Data Analyst creates analysis that drives process improvements and measure effectiveness of improvements.
As a Data Analyst, you will:
Understand your stakeholders’ objectives, the metrics that are the most important to them, and how they measure their performance.
Turn business requirements into technical requirements
Find and understand the correct data sources for a given analysis
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements including automating manual processes and optimizing data delivery
Shape how our team manipulates and visualizes data
Advocate and strategize ways for our Sales and service groups to move faster and more efficiently
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree plus 2 years’ experience
6 years’ work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor’s Degree
Associate’s Degree plus 4 years’ work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor’s Degree",4.0,"Total Solutions, Inc.
4.0",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
295,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"BrainPOP is an online K-12 educational solution that makes rigorous learning experiences accessible and engaging for all. Proven to raise academic achievement, BrainPOP has been a trusted resource to more than six million educators, and engages the hearts and challenged the minds of over 300 million learners worldwide.

BrainPOP provides endless opportunities for kids to take agency over their learning through playful, knowledge-building content and learner-driven projects, preparing them for success in the classroom and beyond.

We’re seeking a Data Analyst to grow our Data Team. This newly created position will report to the VP of Data and Prototyping. As the Data Analyst, you will be the primary data researcher for our Core Experience team which manages our flagship product. You will also help out with other product squads and data team needs throughout the company, and help build a data research practice at BrainPOP. You’ll be helping to improve a product that has reached millions of students around the world.

A Day in the Life
Using data insights to inform product teams as they execute new products
Cleaning and processing large-scale datasets
Growing and fostering data-driven company culture
Working with designers and user testing teams to set up experiments, and collect and analyze data
You Are
Enthusiastic about improving education for all students
Passionate about learning and always seeking opportunities to expand your knowledge
A team player with the time management and organizational skills to also work independently
Eager to tell stories through data
A thorough and creative problem solver
On Your Resume
Proficiency with R or Python, and with SQL
Demonstrated experience working with large-scale data sets
A basic understanding of multiple statistics techniques, ideally in the social sciences
Experience working in education or with educators, or a degree in an education-related field.
Excellent data communication skills
Nice to Have
Experience with LookML
Familiarity with evidence-centered design methodology
Experience designing and executing research projects
A Data Bootcamp, or a BA or MA in a related field
Life at BrainPOP

Our commitment to supporting and empowering teachers and students is reflected in our dedication to enhancing the lives of our employees—in and out of the office.

Our team is made up of educators, data scientists, published authors, engineers, artists, bakers, film buffs, cyclists, dual-citizens, and so much more. We value Diversity & Inclusion, collaboration and learning from multiple perspectives, and encourage people to bring their most authentic selves to work.

Besides offering a comprehensive benefits package and putting an emphasis on work-life balance, we make it a point to integrate fun and play into the workplace.

We offer:
Corporate Donation Matching
Medical, Dental, Vision and Paid Life Insurance
401K with a company match
Friends & Family BrainPOP Subscription
Learning & Development Stipend
Wellness Activities (ClassPass Membership)
Annual Performance Bonus & Equity Appreciation Plan
Company Events (happy hours, volunteering opportunities, trivia nights and monthly Town Halls)
What we do today directly impacts how teachers teach, and students learn. We continue to be inspired because we can see the difference we’re making and we’re proud to be a creative, collaborative, always-teaching and always-learning community.

Due to COVID-19, all BrainPOP employees will be working remotely through 2020.

We believe that a diverse organization is a more effective organization. BrainPOP is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.",4.3,"BrainPOP
4.3","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
296,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description


Job #: 1079962

-

If interested please email your updated resume to Janis at jkrausse@apexsystems.com.

Senior Data Analyst

Location: Remote through 2020 (Richmond or Mclean)

Contract Length: 1 year

Team Details:
Team is responsible for building internal python packages- pure data analytics and some level of software engineering to maintain the packages
The teams will be split across several sub teams, made up of business analysts and software engineers in a certain line of business.
Cross-functional teams
Model platform runs on AWS- it is all used through internally built tools.
Culture: collaboration, communication, no hold handing/hit the ground running
Project Background:
They have a large backlog of work to get through: everything from handling compliance all the way up to enhancements. The push to get extra optimization in their space is a big project that will be spread across several of these sub teams.
The work is a mix of ad hoc, data analysis, and understanding new sources of data since they will be analyzing models and why it’s working a certain way.
Daily updates are given verbally in an Agile stand-up setting.
Responsibilities:
Write and execute scripts in Python. They maintain for in-house developed Python packages that are the core to their model framework.
Build internal python packages- this requires pure data analytics and some level of software engineering to maintain the packages.
Understand object oriented programming to contribute to keep the back end infrastructure stable.
Troubleshooting Python code and errors
Validating changes in a code output, why a result changed as a result of a different code.
Researching and understanding the data
Responsible for model validations.
Creating unit tests and functional tests, effectively combining their code.
Work through Agile stories and their request independently.
Tech Stack:
Python
SQL
Git hub
AWS
Required Skills:
6-10 years of overall experience
3-5 years of coding experience
Strong analytical and coding background in Python. Understand how to script/do an analysis in Python
5+ years experience with Financial Services clients
Able to understand object oriented programming so they can contribute to keep the back end infrastructure stable, being able to troubleshoot the Python code
Ability to communicate strategies and processes around data modeling and architecture to cross functional groups and senior levels
SQL experience
Nice to Have Skills:
Github
AWS exposure is a plus
experience validating code changes
researching new data sets

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.",3.8,"Apex Systems
3.8","Richmond, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
297,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Bizzabo is currently looking for a Data Analyst to devise our data and reporting strategy for all go-to-market teams by establishing our data infrastructure, and developing reports on which you and others will base analysis of business performance. In so doing, you will ensure that our BI reporting is dependable, accessible, and extremely accurate.
You will create full alignment across our go-to-market teams with regard to reporting and analytics and will develop a shared reporting vocabulary in the process.
Most importantly, you will help us use data to generate business insights that ensure our revenue-generating teams perform optimally.
This role will report to our Director of Revenue Operations.

Bizzabo is the only event success platform for in-person, virtual, and hybrid events. Bizzabos all-in-one event software helps companies measure, manage, and scale events towards key business outcomesempowering every organizer, marketer, exhibitor, and attendee to unleash the power of professional events. Bizzabo powers events for brands like Amazon, Electronic Arts, Financial Times, Forbes, Siemens, and Salesforce to name a few. The company was founded by Boaz Katz, Alon Alroy, and Eran Ben-Shushan, and has hundreds of Bizzaboers working around the globe.


Requirements:
What youll be doing:
Build and maintain reports crucial for Bizzabos go-to-market teams
Work closely with our Product Data team to maintain and mature our data infrastructure
Build predictive models to support demand generation, account and territory management, and forecasting
With support from Revenue Operations, establish data governance policies to ensure data integrity of the highest order
Serve as our go-to data person - provide ad hoc reports and insights with minimal latency

Who you are:
Two or more years of experience using SQL to perform analysis in relational databases
Two or more years of experience using a data-visualization such as Looker or Tableau
Experience with data management, with an emphasis on validating data from multiple systems
Experience developing predictive models in a business setting
Familiarity with common data sources, especially Salesforce CRM
Ability to manage complex projects, sometimes involving external resources
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Physics, or field with emphasis on computation and data analysis.
[Bonus] Experience with Python, R, or similar languages



Community Details and Perks:
The Bizzabo Community
At Bizzabo we believe that culture is more than just happy hour and a ping pong table (though we do love a good ping pong tournament), we believe that culture is everything we do and how we do it. Our values are what help to guide us in our interactions with each other, our customers, and anyone who crosses paths with Bizzabo. Bizzabo fosters an environment of communication and trust. We dont just offer the opportunity to share ideas, we encourage you to own your ideas and bring them to fruitio
Our core values as a community have carried over to the virtual workspace as weve transitioned to remote work in light of COVID-19. We are closely watching the situation and are projecting a return to the office (following all precautions and health guidelines) in January.
Perks
We offer a comprehensive insurance package at no out of pocket cost to the employee, 401k, Pre-tax commuter benefits, and a generous vacation policy.
We are a dog friendly in-person and virtual office!
For new employees joining us during this remote work period, we offer a comprehensive virtual onboarding experience with a stipend to get your remote office set up.
We have frequent Bizzabonding activities including bi-weekly sponsored lunches, bi-weekly happy hours, virtual cooking classes, yoga classes, fitness classes, and other virtual bonding activities to keep our Bizzaboers engaged and connected. We welcome all new ideas and encourage each Bizzaboer to participate or lead their own virtual event!
Our office is located on 27th and Broadway north of Madison Square Garden. This vibrant neighborhood includes great lunch spots, train accessibility, and views of the Empire State Building.",4.7,"Bizzabo
4.7","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
298,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Careem is the internet platform for the greater Middle East region. A pioneer of the region's ride-hailing economy, Careem is expanding services across its platform to become the region's everyday Super App. Careem's mission is to simplify and improve the lives of people and build an awesome organisation that inspires. Established in July 2012, Careem operates in over 100 cities across 13 countries and has created more than one million employment opportunities in the region. Careem became a wholly owned subsidiary of Uber Technologies, Inc. in January 2020. www.careem.com

Role Summary


This position requires a person with strong analytical mindset that enjoys working directly with business units providing innovative solutions that answer key business questions.

In this role you will be assigned to a business unit and eventually grow into a subject matter expert for that area of business.

You will act as the main point of contact and will be responsible for fulfilling all analytical needs for the designated business unit.

This means you will be creating reports/dashboards as well as providing answers to ad-hoc queries by utilizing engineering best practices that complement and enhance existing reporting architecture.

Key responsibilities
Act as the first point of contact to answer all business data queries
Develop effective reporting solutions by utilizing engineering best practices and using various BI tools
Participate in continuous improvement of these reporting solutions
Drive and support your designated business unit by converting complex data and findings into understandable tables, graphs and written reports
Present appropriate analysis and commentary to technical and non-technical audience
Gain subject matter expertise and help define appropriate key metrics for the business unit and discover untapped areas for business improvement
Provide concrete data-driven insights
Test and communicate new features to users
Run regular data integrity audits
Devise and evaluate methods for collecting data, such as surveys, questionnaires, and opinion polls
Gather data about consumers, competitors and market conditions
Qualifications
Demonstrated experience working in an analytical role
Demonstrated experience with business intelligence and visualization tools creating management dashboards
Strong analytical skills and a passion to work with large sets of data
Passionate about learning new technologies and working on a product of massive scale and impact
Expert at writing SQL queries against large amounts of data
Self-starter with excellent communication and organizational skills
Ability to get hands-on in a complex operational environment
Must be process orientated and a logical thinker with good attention to detail
Experience with Tableau, MicroStrategy or Looker is a plus
Experience in ETL/ELT is a plus
Experience working with dimensional data, data lakes is a plus
Experience working with MPP databases like Redshift is a plus
Experience in Python, R, Spark, Hive is a plus.",3.9,"Careem
3.9",United States,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
299,Data Analyst,$72k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"TCG is an award-winning Government technology solutions provider. In anticipation of an upcoming award, we are seeking a Data Analyst to join our team. The Data Analyst is responsible for providing data analysis to projects and development/maintenance teams. While this is primarily a telecommuting role, applicants must live within a commutable distance of Washington, D.C.

US Citizenship and the ability to pass and maintain a Federal government (Public Trust) clearance is required for this position.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provide maintenance, development, and analytical support of databases and datasets
Provide expertise in writing, testing, and optimizing database stored procedures
Perform database installations, upgrades and patching, backup and recovery, performance tuning, security, monitoring, and configuration
Use cloud-based, big data architecture/data engineering techniques to develop or refine real-time data streaming, automated QA/QC of data, data pipelines, innovative data analysis/data science tools, and data visualization tools
Provide operations support to include setting up data pipelines, data curation, and data monitoring and data validation
Enhance dashboards with new metrics and data analytics/visualization
Demonstrating data analysis/data science techniques working with large amounts (100s of TBs) of data
Using analytical scripting languages and training AI models
REQUIRED SKILLS:
Minimum of 8 years relevant experience
Experience working in an Agile Scrum environment
Experience with the Atlassian suite (Jira/Confluence)
Experience across database software types
PREFERRED SKILLS:
Experience developing systems for federal shared services
Knowledge of transportation data and analytics
Experience implementing AWS-based applications
Experience with Big Data projects
EDUCATION:
Bachelor's degree
Naturally, TCG, Inc. does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or anything else that makes you part of any group. We discriminate on the basis of talent, ability, commitment, and experience.

We pay competitive wages and provide excellent benefits. We have a 401K plan, a health plan that includes dental and vision benefits, pet health insurance, support for emergency child care and gym memberships, a generous training budget for each employee, employee-led (and TCG, Inc. paid) social events, company charity events, free theater and sports tickets, and much more.

In fact, in 2020 Fortune magazine named TCG, Inc. as a ""Great Place to Work"" for the fifth year in a row and The Washington Post named TCG, Inc. as a ""Top Workplace"" for the sixth straight year, based on how our employees feel about the company, the benefits TCG, Inc. offers, and the work/life balance that our staff are able to achieve.

Try us ... we'll make you happy.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",4.8,"TCG, Inc.
4.8","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1994,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
