,Job Title,Salary Estimate,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Data Scientist,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Engineering at Postmates

We're building groundbreaking tech solutions that power our revolutionary logistics platform to help connect millions of customers with their favorite merchants every day. We're tackling some of the most complex technical challenges in the modern logistics space to unlock opportunities that positively impact the local businesses and communities we serve.

WHAT WE DO


Postmates relies heavily on our engineering team to realize this vision. Building a software platform that is reliable, scales, and stays agile under demanding product needs is a serious technical challenge. Postmates is a three-part balancing act connecting customers, merchants, and couriers in real-time. If any piece is out of whack, the whole system suffers. Working with the Postmates engineering team offers an opportunity with explosive growth, cutting-edge technology, a highly visible charter, and a cool user-focused product vision.

As a Data Scientist, you'll use your full toolkit - statistical modeling, machine learning, data mining, data visualization, and software engineering - to develop data products and models that are used by millions of users and power the growth of our business. You will collaborate with a strong team of engineers, product managers and data analysts in defining the frontier of data products and models in the three-sided marketplace. Data scientists will work on how to formulate a model from a real business problem, determine evaluation metrics, evaluate different modeling approaches, conduct data analysis, and build features and algorithms for the various challenging problems at Postmates.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Modeling and forecasting demand and supply to enable more intelligent matching, optimize the overall marketplace efficiency and provide valuable insights to our merchants and Postmates
Large scale Machine Learning algorithms that powers our Search Ranking models and Personalized Recommendation Engine
Predicting the Postmates Delivery Time (PDT) and improving the dispatching algorithm
Determining the optimal pricing strategies to help our Postmates maximize their revenue
Identifying suspicious transactions and malicious users for risk control
Natural Language Processing to understand text content on Postmates platform, including named entity resolution and recognization of reviews, descriptions and interactions between users on our marketplace
OUR REQUIREMENTS
A Bachelor's/Master's degree (or higher) in a technical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent work experience required.
minimum of 3+ years of professional experience in Data Science or Applied Machine Learning required
A deep theoretical understanding of modern machine learning algorithms, statistical models, or optimization
Extensive experience with data tools, Python (Pandas, Scipy, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, etc), R, SAS, SQL, etc and strong skills in data analysis, data visualization, and feature engineering
Ability to own your modeling work from model development all the way to production deployment and beyond with minimal help from engineers
Strong communication skills; Explaining complex technical concepts to product managers, data analysts, and other engineers shouldn't be a problem for you
OUR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive, HBase, Google BigQuery, and BigTable
Experience with ML frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Spark MLlib, XGBoost, and Scikit-Learn",3.4,"Postmates
3.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Express Delivery Services,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
1,Data Scientist,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"TOP SKILLS
Experience working directly with business decision-makers to help them use data to create value
Experience building predictive models and measuring the business impact of application of them
Experience in an agile fast-paced environment with continuously evolving priorities, self-sufficiently staying productive

The Data Scientist is responsible for creating recommendations for complex business decisions using predictive analytics. In addition to advanced analytics skills, this role is also proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, designing and implementing production algorithm scoring, and communicating results. You are primarily a data scientist but are passionate about developing advanced end-to-end analytics and technology solutions that drive value for our business.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop analytical approaches to strategic business decisions
Extract, cleanse, and combine data from multiple sources and systems
Perform exploratory and targeted analyses, with a wide variety of statistical methods including: cluster, regression, decision tree/random forest, time series, neural network and others
Build and publish visualizations supporting measurement of outcomes related to the analytical projects
Collaborate cross-functionally to arrive at actionable insights
Synthesize analytic results with business input to drive measurable change
Effectively communicate technical analyses and results to business management
Develop and continually improve multi-source data architecture and analytics procedures, systems, workflows
Contribute to the development of end-to-end data driven solutions
Integrate and productionalize model results into both cloud and edge compute hardware platforms
QUALIFICATIONS:
2+ years of work experience in a predictive analytics-focused role
Masters degree in Applied Statistics/Mathematics, Data or Computer Science, or work experience equivalent
Strong knowledge of statistical methods and predictive/analytical modeling techniques and practices
Experience synthesizing and presenting analytics outcomes to senior executives
Experience with data preparation, rationalization, and processing in a cloud environment
Highly proficient with one or more data mining/predictive modeling tools: SQL, Snowflake, R, Python
Highly proficient with one or more data visualization tools: Tableau, Power BI
Practical understanding of mechanical systems and diverse hardware integration methods both a plus",4.2,"Horizontal
4.2","Plymouth, MN",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
2,Data Scientist,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Brief

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Overview

IFG Companies is in search of a Data Scientist to join its growing Predictive Modeling team.

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Responsibilities
Build predictive and/or Machine Learning models in SAS
Research new statistical and mathematical techniques that are suitable and helpful for solving business related problems
Prepare data for modelling and make best/creative use of applicable and available internal or external data
Identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged for modeling efforts
Support related processes around effectively deploying model to business
Effectively communicate results in written, oral and presentation formats to technical and non-technical audiences
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related discipline
3+ years of Data Modeling or similar experience.
Experience with predictive modeling (classification, regression, parameter tuning, optimization criteria, feature selection), preferably with multiple techniques
Experience in model validation techniques, model testing and continuous monitoring of model performance
Experience in Property & Casualty Insurance is strongly preferred.
Demonstrated experience working with large relational data sets.
Working knowledge in SAS, R, Python or another platform to develop and implement predictive models.
Ability and willingness to quickly gain knowledge of SAS enterprise guide and enterprise miner.
Ability to communicate complex technical information in common language to foster teaching and analytics guidance to internal customers.
Advanced experience in analytics, data cleaning, and predictive modeling.
Ability to write queries in SQL.
Detail-oriented and ability to work collaboratively
Physical Demands
Physical demands are considered to be that of an office environment, climate controlled, with minimal physical exertion. This position requires prolonged sitting, ability to utilize a computer and interactions with others in meetings or via phone.
Benefits
We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), flexible spending, short-term and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, long-term care, education assistance and paid time off.
IFG Companies is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. M/F/D/V",2.7,"IFG Companies
2.7","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
3,Manager / Scientist,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: Provide support and manage all functions of flow cytometry scheduling, processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting for preclinical and/or clinical development within a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) environment.*
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Managerial*
Serves as a liaison between staff and test site management
Scheduling and delegating of day to day laboratory activity to provide smooth workflow during the day.
Maintain staff by helping to recruit, select and train new employees
Communication with employees on job expectations, daily activities, enforcing SOPs, policies, procedures and productivity standards
Scientific*
Be able to take on own projects for flow cytometry processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting
Scientific Review, QC and verification of flow cytometry data and/or maintenance records
Help maintain reagent inventory and placing orders for needed materials
Laboratory maintenance including preparation of various solutions, cleaning and re-stocking of laboratory
Archiving of study and/or maintenance records
Troubleshooting of data and various pieces of equipment
Communication with scientific colleagues via email, face-to-face or phone
Work in a team-oriented environment as well as independently
Familiarity with current scientific literature
Prepare data for poster or oral presentations
Attend scientific meetings when appropriate
Be able to follow signed protocols and standard operating procedures
Write standard operating procedures and study reports
Adhere to regulatory requirements
Qualifications and Requirements: *
PhD in a life science field with 5-10 years of hands on flow cytometry experience required and 5+ year managerial experience required
Familiar with BD FACSDiva, BD FACS Canto Flow Cytometer Instrumentation, FlowJo and Microsoft Office required.
Experience in a Good Laboratory Practice and/or Clinical Research environment beneficial but not required
Good oral communication skills, multi-taking and detail oriented
Team player attitude required
M-F normal business, flexibility to work after hours and weekends
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Flow Cytometry: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you currently performing flow cytometry testing in the laboratory? What type of instruments and software do you use?
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Flow Contract Site Laboratory, LLC","Bothell, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
4,Data Engineer,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Engineer to help develop our new Google Cloud data platform and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As part of our Data Engineering team in our Data Science department, the Data Engineer will:
Build out our new GCP data platform and collaborate on architectural patterns for it with the Data Engineering team
Support the development of machine learning models with productionizing, monitoring and alerting tools
Write, update, and maintain ETL jobs across our data pipelines (mostly in Airflow)
Implement continuous improvements using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be expected to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Consult to software engineers on data-related changes to BDT’s suite of software applications, including schema/model design, table structure, and data collection
Engage with colleagues and collaborators using curiosity, critical thinking, a drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact
Follow existing data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Engineer reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience (typically 3-5 years as a Data Engineer):
Communication and Relationship-building – with technical peers and some stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Implementation, of data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline development to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – on-system service management, typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – proficient understanding of relational data structures and schemas; some familiarity with semi-structured, unstructured (big data) schemas
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – creating these tools based on existing designs and frameworks; resolving bugs and issues
Cloud engineering – working towards certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – understands standards for file formats and transfer methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
o Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and methods
o Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.2,"Benefits Data Trust
3.2","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
5,Process Development Engineer/Scientist,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Process Development Engineer/Scientist
Lompoc/Buellton, CA*
FULL-TIME*
About Central Coast Agriculture: *
Headquartered north of Santa Barbara in the heart of the Santa Ynez Valley, CCA is a company focused on utilizing science and sustainability to grow quality, modern crops. Our unmatched commitment to innovating both organic farming and modern manufacturing means our customers have access to products that exceed expectations.

We breed, grow, and cultivate the highest quality cannabis so we can then process, manufacture, and package the highest quality single-source products on the market under our brand, Raw Garden.

We are a team of change makers, modern farmers, scientists, and business professionals focused on leading the charge for agricultural innovation.

We are on a mission to be the most trusted and loved brand in Cannabis.
About The Role: *
As a *Process Development Engineer*, you will play an Engineer/Scientist role. You will be the subject matter expert in Cannabis biomass handling, extraction, and refinement for the R&D team. Your role will include research activities to better understand process parameters to improve efficiency of existing operations involving Cannabis plant materials, in-process materials, and finished products. In this role you will also develop processes to enable new product development. At all times you will be closely linked to Manufacturing to ensure all recommended processes are scalable. You will participate in many cross-functional teams including Analytical Chemistry, Cultivation, and Manufacturing.
What You'll Do*
Lead R&D activities to support new process/product development.
Identify and develop methods for evaluating process efficiencies of raw materials, in-process materials, and finished products. These methods will directly correlate to product attributes valued by our Consumer.
Employ these methods to evaluate processes and materials to assure the integrity and quality of process and product development to deliver to our Consumer the highest quality products that meet their highly refined product and experience expectations.
Identify equipment, space, and utility requirements to set-up both a fully functional pilot plant for trialing new process improvements and new product development and production environments.
Develop and draft SOPs for new processes to transfer technology to Manufacturing
Assist in troubleshooting and resolving issues with any finished product quality concerns including initiating and monitoring corrective actions.
Learn and understand processes throughout R&D and Manufacturing to better assist with troubleshooting, determining root cause, and improving work processes.
Collaborate with Manufacturing on all aspects of production, including evaluation of new equipment and processes.
Ensure that safety is first priority in everything you do.
Prioritize work in a fast-paced environment to limit downtime and keep operations moving.
Instill and implement Good Lab Practices, keeping a clean and safe laboratory.
Work with the highest attention to detail and data integrity.
Maintain professionalism and live CCA’s core values at all times
Perform all other duties as assigned or inherent to the position
What You'll Need to Have*
· *Position Requirements: *
Advanced degree (MS/PhD) in relevant discipline or Bachelors Degree in Chemical/Process Engineering with 5 years relevant work experience or 7+ years direct experience in Cannabis biomass handling, extraction, and refinement required.
Hands-on experience and knowledge of plant biomass handling, extraction, and refinement processes, equipment, controls, and operations.
Experience in a pilot plant environment with knowledge of requirements to qualify processes for transfer to Manufacturing.
Experience in a Cannabis product Manufacturing environment with knowledge of requirements and regulations for production in the State of California.
Strong analytical skills. Demonstrate attention to detail and accuracy.
Knowledge of good laboratory best practices, including sample prep, handling, data recording, and record keeping.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and prioritize work while multitasking.
Demonstrate motivation and a good work ethic under minimal supervision.
Must work effectively in team environments.
Statistical process control skills and use of statistical analysis software required.
Highly collaborative and have excellent interpersonal skills.
Able to work independently and “roll up your sleeves” to make things happen.
Must possess a high degree of creativity in design and engineering to solve problems with equipment and materials at hand.
High intensity team player who thrives in a fast paced, dynamic environment.
Constantly questioning the way things are done in a constructive manner and thrives on change that improves results.
Experience with lean or six sigma process improvement frameworks a plus.
Open (no agendas), honest and trustworthy.
Effective leadership and strategic influencing skills.
Results oriented individual with a desire to manage change through to fruition.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects at one time.
Expert user of Microsoft Office and/or Google’s G suite.
Functional knowledge of California cannabis regulations.
Must be 21 years of age (or older) at the time of hire.
Proficiency of the English language, verbal and written format.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Holidays
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Microsoft Office: 5 years (Required)
high degree of creativity in design and engineering: 5 years (Required)
Proficient in English written & Verbal: 5 years (Required)
lean or six sigma process improvement: 5 years (Required)
knowledge of requirements to qualify processes for transfer: 5 years (Required)
Cannabis product Manufacturing environment: 5 years (Required)
plant biomass handling, extraction, and refinement processes: 5 years (Required)
requirements and regulations for production in the State of: 5 years (Required)
CA Cannabis Regulations: 5 years (Preferred)
Cannabis biomass handling, extraction, and refinement: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Buellton, CA 93427 (Required)
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply",5.0,"Central Coast Agriculture
5.0","Buellton, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
6,CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are hiring an experienced CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst to help us keep growing.
If you’re dedicated and ambitious, Eye-bot is an excellent place to grow your career. Don’t hesitate to apply.
Required Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of experience preparing existing conditions’ surveys
Proficient with the following software’s:
Microstation / OpenRoads
ContextCapture
AutoCAD / Civil3D
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams, etc.)
Google Earth Pro
Photogrammetric and/or LiDAR point clouds, Topography, Point classification, and DTM/DSM processing
Triangular Irregular Networks (T.I.N.) / Contours
Preferred Qualifications
Boundary and ALTA/NSPS Land Title surveys
Photogrammetric Mapping Experience
Working knowledge of conventional surveying equipment and GPS
Experience using terrestrial/mobile LiDAR, and Unmanned Aerial Systems
Adobe Creative Suite
Bluebeam pdf editor
Understanding trigonometric mathematics and data collection used in surveying
Understanding and applications using and applying different coordinate systems and projections.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Coordinate with project managers to ensure that multiple projects with simultaneous deadlines are completed on schedule (manage workloads and tasks for self and others)
Communicate with project teams via email and phone regularly throughout the design process
Field-to-Finish data import field data to create CAD files for various uses in engineering, design, and construction in both 2D and 3D CAD environments.
CAD drafting skills; knowledge regarding land surveying; courthouse research
Point cloud processing, Point classification, DTM/DSM surface creation
Develop quality products, using industry and client standards under the direct supervision of a Professional Land Surveyor
Position Details
Competitive compensation
Casual attire throughout the week
Friendly, open, and team-oriented work atmosphere
Excellent benefits for full-time employees including medical, vision, and dental
Eye-bot is an equal opportunity employer",5.0,"Eye-bot Aerial Solutions
5.0","New Kensington, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
7,Senior Data Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Please do not apply through Glassdoor; the application form needs to be completed in order to be considered. TO APPLY, VISIT: https://grnh.se/eb8d01633us.

About Us: At Emendata, we help bridge the gap between data and the real world. We partner with organizations that have a social mission and help them tackle their problems using analytics. Our role in these partnerships goes end to end—we handle everything from wrangling the data to analyzing the problem to turning the results into something actionable. Importantly, we understand that this analytics pipeline does not live in a vacuum. Getting to meaningful numbers requires more than just the right methods; it calls for understanding the people, policies, data, and systems involved. With this approach, our small but fast-growing team is having a big impact, taking on challenges like using analytics to combat fraud, waste, and abuse in Medicare.
About the Role: This role leads the way in producing analytics that reflect a deep level of understanding and a high degree of quality. We are looking for you to:
Take analyses from end to end: Understand the client’s problem, identify the right research question, plan the methodology, corral the data, code the analysis, interpret the results, craft the deliverable, and communicate the story
Apply a research mentality: Use all tools at our disposal (documentation, policy regulations, data investigations, etc.) to make sound analytic decisions
Help the team deliver its best work: Turn direction from clients/senior staff into tactical plans and work closely with data analysts to help them implement (conducting code reviews, teaching/reinforcing analytic strategies, etc.)
This role will be a good fit for people who naturally push towards progress and are undeterred when that requires a lot of effort or stepping into unfamiliar territory. Emendata is growing rapidly, and we are looking for people who are excited to march forward together.
Qualifications: If you do not meet all the criteria below but still think you would be a good fit for this role, please apply so we can see if we can find the right spot for you on the team. We value experience but also welcome aptitude and enthusiasm.
Education: Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent technical training
Programming: Experience with SAS is a must (comfortable with SAS macro language, advanced DATA step techniques such as hashes, and PROC SQL); experience with Python, Stata, R, or SQL is a plus
Technical Mentorship: Demonstrated experience with reviewing code and providing feedback
Data Management: Comfortable with the process of importing, cleaning, and preparing data for analysis in a reproducible way
Analysis: Exceptional problem-solving skills with a good understanding of statistical/social science research methods; 4+ years hands-on experience in an analytics role (e.g., economic consulting)
Working Style: Intellectually curious (keep pulling on threads until finding an answer), enterprising (eager to tackle the unknown and find a way to make things happen), and collaborative (work with others to explore, build, tear down, and build again)
To be considered for this position, applicants must have the ability to work in the U.S. without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
About the Interview Process: We want both sides to learn what it would be like to work together. Part way through the interview process, we incorporate a lightweight at-home exercise that serves as the basis for a technical interview. The exercise gives us an outlet to show you what kind of problems this role would tackle and offers you an opportunity to show us how you would approach the work.",-1,Emendata,"Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
8,Data Engineer,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer Northern, VA

Data Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Data Engineers to design and implement distributed, cloud-native data pipelines, storage systems, and query support. These capabilities will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on enabling machine learning and automation. Teams will be working in an Agile development environment and expected to identify and mitigate risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Architect, design, and implement updates and enhancements to data repositories and indices to support data ingest, enrichment, analysis, visualization, and dissemination
Perform database engineering and management activities associated with designing, developing, maintaining, and enhancing Big Data analytic systems using an Agile DevSecOps model
Integrate data from multiple sources in batches and real-time
Review, design, and develop data quality management processes and automated procedures intended to produce high levels of data integrity
Research and recommend solutions to complex problems
Oversee code reviews and delivering feedback regarding designs/code
Perform research and development and provide technical support to identify and integrate new and emerging technologies into the data environment
Design and implement storage and indexing strategies to provide efficient storage and retrieval to support visualizations such as graph-based and geospatial indices
Support design and development of data access APIs that allow enterprise access (as appropriate) to data
Develop or provide input to engineering artifacts associated with the data repositories
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Experience with SQL databases
Data transformation experience with scripting (Python, Java, Perl, PL/SQL) or platforms such as Spark, Talend, Knime, or Pentaho
Strong problem-solving skills
Good written and oral communications skills
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
Familiarity with SQL query engines, preferably PrestoDB or SparkSQL
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Experience integrating open API based data access and processing
DOD8570 IAT Level 1 or 2 certified (A+, Security+, etc. certification)
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
9,Data Engineer,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer

Alignment Healthcare was founded with a mission to revolutionize health care with a serving heart culture. Through its unique integrated care delivery models, deep physician partnerships and use of proprietary technologies, Alignment is committed to transforming health care one person at a time.

By becoming a part of the Alignment Healthcare team, you will provide members with the quality of care they truly need and deserve. We believe that great work comes from people who are inspired to be their best. We have built a team of talented and experienced people who are passionate about transforming the lives of the seniors we serve. In this fast-growing company, you will find ample room for growth and innovation alongside the Alignment community.

Position Summary:
Alignment Healthcare is a data and technology driven healthcare company focused partnering with health systems, health plans and provider groups to provide care delivery that is preventive, convenient, coordinated, and that results in improved clinical outcomes for seniors.

We are experiencing rapid growth (backed by top private equity firms), our Data Services and BI team is looking for the best and brightest leaders. Data drives the way we make decisions. We love our customers and understanding them better makes it possible to provide the best clinical outcome and care experience.

This position will play a key role in building and operating a cloud-based data platform and its pipelines using big data technologies.

As a Data Engineer, you will develop a new data engineering platform that leverage a new cloud architecture, and will extend or migrate our existing data pipelines to this architecture as needed. You will also be assisting with integrating the SQL data warehouse platform as our primary processing platform to create the curated enterprise data model for the company to leverage. You will be part of a team building the next generation data platform and to drive the adoption of new technologies and new practices in existing implementations. You will be responsible for designing and implementing the complex ETL pipelines in cloud data platform and other solutions to support the rapidly growing and dynamic business demand for data, and use it to deliver the data as service which will have an immediate influence on day-to-day decision making.

General Duties/Responsibilities:

(May include but are not limited to)
Interfacing with business customers, gathering requirements and developing new datasets in data platform
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Identifying the data quality issues to address them immediately to provide great user experience
Extracting and combining data from various heterogeneous data sources
Designing, implementing and supporting a platform that can provide ad-hoc access to large datasets
Modelling data and metadata to support machine learning and AI
Minimum Requirements:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Experience:
3+ years relevant experience in cloud based data engineering.
Demonstrated ability in data modeling, ETL development, EDI Development and data warehousing.
Data Warehousing Experience with SQL Server, Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, etc.
Experience with Big Data Technologies (NoSQL databases, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, Elasticsearch etc.)
Experience in using Python, .net, Java and/or other data engineering languages
Knowledge and experience of SQL Server and SSIS.
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions
Education/Licensure:
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field
Other:
Excellent communication, analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills
Requires Spark and Scala
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Preferred
Healthcare domain and data experience
Healthcare EDI experience is a plus
API development experience is a plus
Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets.
Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets
Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources
Experience leading large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using Azure or AWS technologies – SQL Server, Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline, Data Lake, Data Factory and other big data technologies
Experience providing technical leadership and mentor other engineers for the best practices on the data engineering space
Linux/UNIX including to process large data sets.
Experience with Azure, AWS or GCP is a plus
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in an agile, dynamic startup environment
Problem solving skills and Ability to meet deadlines are a must
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Python and Java are a plus,
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions preferred
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Essential Physical Functions:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee regularly is required to stand, walk, sit, use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; and reach with hands and arms.
The employee frequently lifts and/or moves up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Alignment Healthcare, LLC is proud to practice Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disable/Protected Veteran.
If you require any reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in completing the online application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please contact careers@ahcusa.com.
(function() { var ac = document.createElement('script'); ac.type = 'text/javascript'; ac.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://') + 'click.appcast.io/pixels/grpeople1-1573.js?ent=8&t=' + new Date().getTime(); var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ac, s); })();",3.5,"Alignment Healthcare
3.5","Orange, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
10,Data Scientist/Architect,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

· Perform tasks using agile methodologies to solve most complex problems (multiple interfaces with other systems across multiple business units) considering all impacted components from an end-to-end perspective

· Ensure end-to-end traceability of requirements is complete and shall apply specific functional and/or business expertise to assist the development team with project deliverables

· Conduct impact analyses of technology changes on business processes and existing technology and shall remain competent to work at the highest technical capacity on all phases of the business systems analysis

· Assist with the review of Test Planning and Test Execution strategies and create the appropriate User-Interface Model(s) to support projects

· Assess business workflow diagrams; assist in the technical evaluation of data models and interface design specifications; document and track issues related to data quality

· Provide technical expertise to the customer on the design and mapping of data conversion strategies and participate in collaborative system and data design sessions with the user community, technical architecture resources, and development resources

· Complete agile project activities as scheduled and proactively identify and communicate issues that may jeopardize milestones or project budget

· Serve as a Data Architect for overall effort with Data Integration/Migration Architect services

· Review and analyze learning system databases to recommend removal/deletion of old data with an understanding of Databases, Data Warehouses, and Multidimensional Databases

· Provide guidance to the Government on the work of data migration developers

REQUIREMENTS

· US Citizen

· Master's degree in Computer Science or related field

· At least 8 years of relevant experience

· DoD experience highly desired

· Agile methodologies experience required

· Well versed in DoD policy and guidance regarding cloud architecture

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $95,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
agile methodologies : 8 years (Required)
Database, Data Warehouse, and Multidimensional Database: 8 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Company's website:
www.akytechconsulting.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Akytech Consulting LLC,"San Antonio, TX",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
11,Data Engineer,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"As a Data Engineer, you will have the unique opportunity to curate and organize data for a program advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This aim of this program is to discover and curate data as well as develop and curate synthetic data. Then, we will develop machine learning (ML) models and training pipelines to detect and discern features in scenes. Finally, we will inject obfuscations into the data to fool the models.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos (DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you, and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Engineer will be responsible for the following:
Assess, transform, organize, and optimize data for use by machine learning algorithms
Generating representative data sets for systems development and data science initiatives
Build data pipelines that enables data scientists and engineers and other stakeholders

Requirements
TS/SCI clearance required
4+ years of experience designing data models and data warehouses supporting analytics, using both relational and non-relational distributed data storage systems
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining ETL pipelines. Bonus points for experience with Apache Beam
Demonstrated experience working with Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data
Demonstrated experience with large-scale distributed processing
Experience building data pipelines in ML frameworks. Kubeflow experience is desired
Experience working in a fast-paced agile environment is a plus
Familiarity with machine and deep learning libraries such as Scikit-learn and PyTorch.
Experience in a high-level programing language, such as Java, Python or GoLang
Demonstrated proficiency with Git version control systems
Experience working in Linux environments
We're looking for a motivated Data Engineer eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes person growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment

#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
12,Consumer Lending Data Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are searching for a Consumer Lending Data Analyst to research and analyze data in order to make strategic business recommendations. In this role, you will perform competitor research to enhance our product strategy and direction. Having 3 years' experience in a complex analyst role will help you succeed in this role. Additionally, having an understating of lending principals and risk metrics will help the candidate be successful.
Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job Duties:
In partnership with key stakeholders, analyze, test and launch new initiatives to increase productivity
Provide data driven insights and recommendations to various departments within the credit union
Perform key competitor research and analysis to better inform product strategy and direction
Creating advanced reports, dashboards and deep dive analyses that inform and drive the
credit union’s product and business strategy
Create and refine predictive models on product, marketing, and risk initiatives
Uncover actionable insights for increased product performance
Partnering with marketing, finance and digital teams to enable business and systems synergy
Essential Skills:
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role; financial institution strongly preferred
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience with data collection methodologies
Experience with relational databases, e.g., SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau will help you succeed in this role
Familiarity with coding languages, e.g., R, Python
Strong understanding of statistical overlays and models for predictive analytics
Ability to analyze data from a strategic point of view and contribute to and influence discussions that drive the business
Ability to use key performance metrics and data to provide insights and make strategic business recommendations
Proficiency to organize, analyze and interpret data to explain complex irregularities or trends
Form strong relationships with cross-functional teams where support, resources and synergy is needed
Basic understanding of lending principals and risk metrics
Project Management experience; familiarity with Six Sigma/DMAIC methodologies
Expert knowledge of Excel
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, other related fields of study or equivalent experience
Location: Hillsboro, OR 97124

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position

FT123

#LI-EK",3.4,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.4","Hillsboro, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
13,Senior Data Scientist,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
14,Business Intelligence Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Leggett & Platt, Incorporated is seeking a Business Intelligence Analyst to join our growing Logistics department. In this position, you will report to the Director of IT and work closely with Logistics management. You will be responsible for analyzing business processes, determining strategic solutions, providing data analysis, problem solving and supporting business users.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
Pull, inspect, clean and model data from multiple sources to provide management with useful information that will support decision-making
Work closely with business, compliance and technical resources to define, create, test and implement solutions
Perform project management activities for multiple, concurrent projects
Work with teams around the world to provide and enhance support for our growing operations
Support TMS users across the company
Other ad-hoc responsibilities as assigned
EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in Business Analytics, Computer Science, Accounting, Finance, Information Technology or related field
Minimum of 3+ years of related experience
Strong SQL development experience
EDI experience is preferred
Must be fluent in Excel
Strong interpersonal skills
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Minimal travel may be required
Knowledge of Transportation Management Systems like McLeod or E2Open is a plus
We offer a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) and stock plans, tuition reimbursement, employee discounts and more.

Since 1883, Leggett & Platt (NYSE: LEG) has been creating a wide variety of innovative products that can be found in most homes, offices, and automobiles. Today our growing company consists of more than 22,000 employee-partners in 140 manufacturing facilities located in 18 countries. We’re not just hiring; we’re building a better company. For more information, please visit www.leggett.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/Veteran/Disability Employer",3.5,"Leggett & Platt
3.5","Carthage, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1883,Company - Public,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
15,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
16,Business Intelligence Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview
You’re driven, resourceful, and above all else - remarkably smart.

You love a good challenge. You are the first to roll up your sleeves and work with relentless energy until you solve the unsolvable, beat the unbeatable and you always come out on top. Passable doesn’t cut it – you’ve got fire in your belly to learn more, do more and be more. For you, the sweetest success is shared success and you’re known for your good nature. You’ll fit right in at Syneos Health where we surround ourselves with the most talented and agile professionals in the industry, but we check our egos at the door.

Responsibilities

This opportunity is with our Deployment Solutions team, which partners with top tier pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology companies to provide better, smarter, faster solutions for the industry. Take part in leading the transformation of healthcare by joining the largest provider of outsourced commercial solutions to the healthcare industry. More specifically:
JOB SUMMARY


This client facing role will be responsible for any analytical and reporting needs for assigned client(s). They contribute to new endeavors which enhance the usability of information by customers; this includes designing tools and reports for the field and sales management teams to enhance productivity and provide information to measure the impact of sales force details, and other promotional activity. Acts as point person for the quality in delivery of all such information. Strategic special projects are also part of the job function. This position is responsible for program management around business information acquisition, analytics and reporting. This role also develops and provides training to the junior team members, internal and field based teams.

Key Job Responsibilities:

(Duties may include, but not limited to all or some of the following)
Primary client contact for account services from implementation to project shut down, including gathering specifications for programming and report generation, developing/maintaining timelines, working with managers to assign resources, QC, and coordination of administrative activities (i.e. billing) appropriately.
Provide direction and perform quality control functions on all deliverables including standard and ad hoc reports.
Develop and maintain project documentation including statements of work.
Lead design of new reporting initiatives.
Periodically collect and disseminate sales force information and data from sales and client services managers as needed.
Oversee and aide project analysts development
Work independently to process information and data to create reports on activities, trends, and projections regarding performance, efficiencies, and possible improvements.
Work independently to create ad-hoc analyses and reports at the request of clients and sales management.
Act as Business Intelligence Reporting Liaison in client presentations.
Train sales representatives, managers, and clients on reports.
Meet with Sales Management and Clients to establish, monitor and review performance.
Prepare detailed workflow charts and diagrams that describe input, output, and logical operation
Create case studies identifying business trends regarding sales force metrics.
Other projects as deemed necessary by Management.
Job Requirements

Along with demonstrated initiative, uncompromised integrity and a results-oriented mindset, the ideal candidate has:
Education:


Required: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience, preferably in computer science, statistics or related field

Skills:

Required:
Minimum of 3-5 years related technical experience
In-depth knowledge of MicroStrategy, Veeva, Salesforce.com.
Experience with pharmaceutical reporting and analysis.
Experience across multiple reporting tools, data sets and proficiency with Microsoft SQL, Oracle and MS Excel, including formulas, expressions and charting
Strong analytical, mathematical and quantitative skills
Ability to interact with all levels of management in a variety of functional areas including sales, marketing, sales systems and managed care
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to interact with all levels of employees
Strong attention to detail
Ability to multitask, work under deadlines, manage customer expectations and execute timely deliverables
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Strong client relationship management skills
Prior experience in pharmaceutical and/or medical device sales, sales operations, sales support or information management
Knowledge of sales and marketing function with ability to anticipate needs, make recommendations and respond to ad hoc requests quickly and appropriately.
Proficiency in reporting tools
Preferred:
Strong statistical knowledge, training and presentation skills.
Pharmaceutical industry knowledge.
Supervisory experience.
Make your work matter everywhere. Be a driving force in a rapidly evolving healthcare industry.

Syneos Health companies are affirmative action/equal opportunity employers (Minorities/Females/Vets/Disabled)

At Syneos Health, we believe in providing an environment and culture in which our people can thrive, develop and advance. We reward and recognize our people by providing valuable benefits and a quality of life balance.

Why Syneos Health? Join a game-changing global company that is reinventing the way therapies are developed and commercialized. Here, you’re essential in solving and executing against today’s toughest commercialization challenges facing the world’s leading healthcare companies. From the very beginning, you’ll be supported by team members who, like you, aren’t afraid to try something new. You'll gain exposure and work in a dynamic environment to create better, smarter, faster ways to get biopharmaceutical therapies to patients.

WORK HERE MATTERS EVERYWHERE | How will you accelerate biopharmaceutical commercialization?

Syneos Health companies are affirmative action/equal opportunity employers (Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled)

]]>",3.6,"Syneos Health Commercial Solutions
3.6","Somerset, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,2017,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
17,Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers

Position Summary:

To continue our solid growth, we are seeking a talented and highly motivated Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers to join our growing organization. The role will provide data curation and analysis support for novel biomarker immunoassay and diagnostic test development and validation and will be responsible for developing and/or maintaining analysis tools and databases. The successful candidate will possess proficient analytical capability, solid background with use of statistics in a scientific context, and strong communication skills. We are looking for team oriented, hands on experts with a passion for personalized medicine and precision health.

Key Responsibilities:
Build, manage and query biomarker and clinical sample data repositories
Perform detailed and robust statistical analysis of clinical and laboratory research data
Statistical support for design and development of immunoassay and in vitro diagnostic assay products
Analyze large multisource and/or multivariate immunoassay data sets
Author statistical analysis plans, protocols, and reports for clinical and non-clinical evaluations
Review study reports for accuracy and robustness of statistical content
Adhere to data and documentation standards
Ensure accurate, in-depth results/data are delivered in a timely manner
Requirements:
PhD in Biology, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, or directly relevant experience in the field of immunoassays or biomarkers
Familiarity with statistical requirements associated with immunoassay data analysis e.g. CLSI standards, Fit-For-Purpose Biomarker Validation, FDA data reporting requirements
Ability to understand scientific questions and formulate statistical and data analysis methods.
Ability to effectively visualize complex biological datasets.
Experience in developing and annotating biological data repositories
Strong proficiency with widely used software tools for visualization and statistical analysis of biological data – examples may include Excel, Prism, JMP, Minitab, SAS
Experience with design of experiments, multivariate data analysis and generating ROC curves strongly preferred
Familiarity with LIMS beneficial
Proficient verbal and written communication skills to clearly explain complex technical details.
Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals
Quanterix is a company that's digitizing biomarker analysis with the goal of advancing the science of precision health. The company's digital health solution, Simoa, has the potential to change the way in which healthcare is provided today by giving researchers the ability to closely examine the continuum from health to disease. Quanterix' technology is designed to enable much earlier disease detection, better prognoses and enhanced treatment methods to improve the quality of life and longevity of the population for generations to come. The technology is currently being used for research applications in several therapeutic areas, including oncology, neurology, cardiology, inflammation and infectious disease. The company was established in 2007 and is located in Billerica, Massachusetts. For additional Information, please visit https://www.quanterix.com.

Quanterix is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Quanterix is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Quanterix will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.",3.2,"Quanterix
3.2","Billerica, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
18,Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Pushpay exists to bring people together by strengthening community, connection, and belonging. As the leading provider of mobile apps and giving technology to churches, schools, and nonprofits, Pushpay helps organizations and their communities stay connected anytime, anywhere.

We recently announced the exciting news of Pushpay and Church Community Builder merging together to deliver a best-in-class fully integrated church management system (ChMS), custom community app, and giving solutions for organizations in the faith sector. The combination of our two companies gives us complementary world class solutions for our customers and aligns strongly with Pushpay's core strategy of providing innovative, market-leading solutions for customers.

Job Summary:

The Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager is part of the Business Insights Team, directly supporting the Online Marketing Team. This person is responsible for translating data to stories. What is happening in the pipeline? Why did it happen, and how can we improve our strategy? Use your excellent communication skills to give business insights to the leadership teams on a regular basis (emphasis on funnel conversion and ROI).

Duties/Responsibilities:
Provide actionable insights to the Online Marketing team
Build standardized and consistent reporting to closely monitor the most important business metrics on a regular basis including analysis of the full marketing funnel and conversions on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis
Develop in-depth analysis tools to work with the Director of Online Marketing and other Marketing stakeholders. This will bring understanding of trends and surface strategic opportunities to improve engagement and market development across the team
Identify newly tracked metrics in order to build, evolve, manage, and support end-to-end analytics pipelines
Support the marketing automation function through the centralization of all email marketing list pulls
Understand how lead and prospect data is structured in core systems, and segments the database on various criteria (region, church size, life cycle stage, persona, etc.) to best target a specific market or user type
Collaborate with BI Analysts and Data Science team to further understand how Marketing insights impact the data and processes across the organization
Required Qualifications:
4+ years of marketing analytics, marketing operations, or digital marketing experience, preferably in a related industry
2-3 years of experience using SQL and visualization tools (Tableau preferred)
2+ years of experience in a Salesforce environment (or comparable enterprise CRM)
5+ years of experience with Advanced Excel (applicants will complete a skills assessment)
3+ years of experience building Powerpoint (or comparable) slide decks
Prior experience using Marketo, Bizible, and other enterprise Marketing tools
Prior experience with email marketing and demand generation analytics
Experience building business cases and interfacing regularly with senior leaders
Structured thinker with strong organizational and communication skills
Willingness to adapt to a fast-paced work environment
Analytical, ambitious, and curious people, with a desire to learn and grow rapidly",3.7,"Pushpay
3.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
19,Quantitative Analyst-Strategist,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"If you're looking for a meaningful career, you'll find it here at Webster. Founded in 1935 by Harold Webster Smith, our focus has always been to put people first--doing whatever we can to help individuals, families and businesses achieve their financial goals. And while we've grown into a leading commercial bank, we remain passionate about serving our customers, supporting our communities, and making a difference in people's lives. We can make a difference in your life, too. By empowering you to build the meaningful career you've been looking for.
Responsibility, respect, trust, teamwork and citizenship are the values Webster was founded on. Together we call them The Webster Way, and they are what sets us apart as a bank and an employer. Guided by these values, we put people first. Working hard to live up to our customers, and each other, every day.

Department Profile

The role resides within the FP&A sector of the CFO Group. FP&A supports the CFO and senior leadership in fulfilling their oversight roles by independently assessing the bank's performance and opportunity vs risk profile. The FP&A team leads the bank's review and forecast of financial performance, reserving, stress-testing, annual budgeting process, operating plan variance analysis, profitability analysis, new business opportunities and special projects. Within FP&A, the Finance Analytics Solutions Team (FAST) designs, develops runs, maintains and manages all analytical aspects of reserving & stress-testing models, strategies & solutions.

Position Description

The role involves gathering and understanding business requirements, model purpose and use; applying sophisticated statistical analysis to large data sets to satisfy business requirements; designing coding and maintaining new and existing models; anticipating and resolving challenges to model design & use; participating in model documentation and validation; and clearly communicating results. The scope of the role includes internally developed consumer and commercial credit models used for CECL/loss-reserving, DFAST/stress-testing, and FP&A models used for planning and profitability analysis. The primary job function is to collaborate with Finance, Risk, Treasury, IT and LoB partners in developing source code implementing predictive analytical models to forecast losses & profitability, and increase revenue.

Primary Responsibilities

Develop, implement, maintain and run credit loss models to support the Bank's loss-reserving/CECL and stress-testing/DFAST internal reporting and regulatory filings.

Develop, implement, maintain and run FP&A models for predicting business trends and providing analyses that drive business decisions and business planning.

Develop expert knowledge and experience with Webster's data systems and tools.

Maintain rigorous work papers during the model development process. Author reports documenting the design, development, testing and use of new models, and changes to existing models.

Develop strong relationships with Webster lines of business, Finance, Treasury, Risk & IT partners, ensuring support requirements are met.

Participate in the Model Risk Management change control process.

Required Skills & Experience

Professional experience including a minimum of 1-3 years of modeling/analytical within a commercial bank or financial institution.

Solid knowledge of statistical theory, in particular general linear models, categorical data analysis, and time-series estimation.

Expert knowledge and skills in statistical programming languages: SAS, Matlab, Python, R. Ability to apply methods to real-world problems.

Experience working with complex data structures within a RDMS (Oracle, SQL).

Strong ability with standard office tools such as Excel/VBA, PowerPoint, and Word.

Some business knowledge and familiarity with consumer/small business/commercial banking products, operations and processes.

Ingenuity, analytical thinking, resourceful, persistent, pragmatic, motivated and socially intelligent.

Time management skills are needed to prioritize multiple tasks.

Preferred Skills & Experience

Model development or validation experience with CECL/loss-reserving and/or DFAST/stress-testing.

Significant skill & experience with financial risk modeling within a financial institution.

Experience with common bank systems such as Moody's Data Buffet, SNL, and Bloomberg.

Experience in developing constructive relationships with a wide range of different stakeholders.

Good communication skills (both verbal and written) and ability to multitask.

Ability to independently gather data from various sources and conduct research.

Ability to think ""out of the box"" and provide suggestions on ways to improve the process.

Education

Bachelors or Masters' degree in econometrics, statistics, data analytics or other STEM fields (e.g. physics, math, engineering, etc.) Finance or Business MS/MBA with strong quantitative and programming background also acceptable.

#LI-MM1

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled",3.5,"Webster Bank
3.5","Waterbury, CT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1935,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
20,Temporary Marketing Data Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description Summary:

The firmwide marketing technology/CRM team has a temporary opening for a Marketing Data Analyst (approximately 4-5 months) who will help us execute on firm reporting requests received through marketing and business development team members. This position can be based in any of our offices.

Job Description:
Create standard and advanced custom report types for cross object reporting in Salesforce.
Create custom, complex, cross-object and cross-platform reports and dashboards using Salesforce, Marketo, Apsona, Power BI and internal data sources. Develop and fine tune reports to yield meaningful results based on changing business needs.
Build reports from scratch using data from different systems and build templates for end users to self-serve. Determine best data source, set up reports and validate results. Work with business development partners to build meaningful dashboards.
Report on complex client relationships with multiple parties of interest in a non-traditional, non-linear sales environment where the relationship is the ‘sale’.
Build custom curated, segmented email distribution lists in Marketo. Work with business development partners to fine tune. Set up campaign workflows. Report campaign results by account, contact and campaign.
Participate in data governance and hygiene programs and projects.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:

Current hands-on experience developing reports in Salesforce and Marketo strongly preferred, minimum of 2-3 years. Experience with other platforms, in addition to SFDC/Mkto, highly desired.
Experience combining multiple data sources and developing reports independently.
Experience with data import/export using data loader.
Experience solving for marketing automation/CRM/relationship intelligence data integration challenges related to data gathering for reports.
Strong Excel, data validation and critical thinking skills.
Strong presentation and training skills and ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a variety of audiences.
Strong project management and organizational skills and ability to work independently as an individual contributor and a team member.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, concierge service environment.
Law firm and other professional services industry experience highly preferred.",4.0,"Fenwick & West
4.0","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1972,Company - Private,Legal,Accounting & Legal,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
21,"Senior Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA or Remote US)",$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered price and promotions. Eversight's proprietary cloud-based SaaS solution brings AI and continuous experimentation to consumer brands and retailers. Our software acts as a coach, enabling market leaders to transform pricing and promotion strategy for the $3.4 trillion spent in consumer goods retail using intelligent, real-time data and insights.

Reporting directly to the Head of Data Science, you will be at the center of what determines Eversight's success as a company. You will analyze the data and develop production code using the newest Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to determine the optimal prices and promotions for major product manufacturers and retailers that sell these products.

Responsibilities
Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:
Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.
Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be important.
Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products
Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line
Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)
Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions
Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients
Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights
Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact
Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product
Behavioral Profile
Analytical, framework thinker
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Highly collaborative
Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences
Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in Data Science and/or Machine Learning with direct impact on business value
B.S., M.S., or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field
Strong understanding of Generalized Linear Models
Ability to write efficient code in Python
Experience with Hypothesis Testing and Maximum Likelihood Estimation
Preferred Qualifications
Team leadership experience strongly preferred
Startup experience strongly preferred
Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments
Agile experience
Experience with NumPy and Pandas (or equivalent experience in R)
Strong in math and statistics: Linear Algebra, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus
Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)
Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience


Location

Palo Alto, CA

About the Company

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered pricing and promotions. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing in response to market conditions and to deliver higher ROI on promotional spend. Eversight's Pricing Suite and Offer Innovation Suite solutions are driving strong margin and sales volume improvements for leading companies such as Coca-Cola, General Mills, Raley's, and Rite Aid. Founded in 2013, Eversight is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with offices in Chicago and New York.",4.2,"Eversight
4.2",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
22,Senior Data Scientist,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them . . .
GNS Healthcare applies a powerful form of AI called causal machine learning to predict which treatments and care management programs will work for which patients, improving individual patient outcomes and the health of populations while reducing the total cost of care.

Headquartered in the biotechnology and health IT center of Cambridge, MA, our patented REFS technology is based on recent breakthroughs in causal machine learning and AI that transforms massive quantities of patient data into computer models of disease at molecular, patient, and health system levels. These computer models power up solutions, products, and services that health plans, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, and patient foundations utilize to slow disease progression, reduce adverse events and hospitalization, and improve therapeutic effectiveness. Our platforms and solutions have been validated across more than 45 diseases including oncology, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, neurology, etc. and have appeared in over 50 peer-reviewed publications.

Position Summary

The Senior Data Scientist will join a dynamic team responsible for start-to-finish work on the analysis and interpretation of real-world datasets using GNS's powerful cloud-based analytics platform. We are looking for someone who thrives working in a fast-paced, exciting, and collaborative environment in one of the most cutting-edge industries where big data analytics meets healthcare. You will help manage real world data, as well as create and interpret data-frames for modeling and analysis. You will collaborate with our research scientists to carry out analysis projects using our proprietary, supercomputer-powered Bayesian network modeling and simulation platform, and will synthesize these results into meaningful reports for clients and product development.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal research teams and clients to evaluate study design, define research questions, design data frames, write statistical analysis plans/study protocols, conduct analyses, and participate in the full research process, including client presentation and publication
Communicate highly technical results and methods clearly to clients, discuss how to incorporate information into their processes, and achieve high client satisfaction
Troubleshoot with clients and internal stakeholders to refine and optimize models
Provide scientific communications to peer-reviewed journals and publications
Develop data frames of high complexity while adhering to a project-based timeline
Perform data manipulations and develop algorithms on multi-data sets that create the analytic files necessary to support analyses.
Consult on how to use data to perform predictive and causal modeling using both proprietary and off-the-shelf tools.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
Master's Degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent practical experience
3-5 years of experience working with advanced ML techniques, probability theory, Bayesian analysis, or causal inference methods
Experience working with biomedical data/ population health data, EHR or claims data
Demonstrated experience working with programming languages R and SQL
Strong written and verbal communication; an ability to communicate technical material to non-technical audiences simply and clearly and collaborate well on a team
Strong drive for problem solving, especially around data frame construction and interpretation
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with large, complex, or unstructured data requiring post-processing to use effectively
Familiarity with the UNIX and cluster computing environment
Company Culture

Our philosophy at GNS is simple: we cannot transform healthcare with anything less than an all-star team. We are seeking smart, driven people who are experts in their field, have a track record of success and a passion for creating change. We believe that strong teams supercharge the performance of individuals, create a fun and dynamic workplace and great results for our clients and the people they serve.

We are passionate about our work and believe in the ability of our technology to change the world. Our core values of integrity, collaboration, value, diversity, and game-changing guide our behaviors with each other and our clients.

GNS offers competitive salaries, stock options, unlimited vacation, health, dental and vision insurance, life insurance, long-term disability, 401(k), generous parental leave, tuition reimbursement, professional development, subsidized parking and gym membership, tasty food, volunteering opportunities, social gatherings, and more.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GNS Healthcare provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or conditions related to pregnancy, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GNS Healthcare complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.",3.0,"GNS Healthcare
3.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
23,Associate Data Scientist – Network Analysis and Control,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE’s Infrastructure and Networking Technical Center is looking for a motivated and passionate early career data scientist to join our Network Analytics department. As part of a collaborative team of scientists and engineers, you will have an opportunity to apply machine learning and data-centric approaches to complex networks. Our multidisciplinary team thrives on the opportunity to tackle new challenges in the public interest, looking for solutions that no one else has considered. We approach problems with an entrepreneurial mindset, a willingness to take risks, and a desire to advance the state of the art for intelligent networks, all while contributing to MITRE’s mission of Solving Problems for a Safer World.

Responsibilities include:
Develop prototypes of intelligent network capabilities in MITRE advanced labs
Work on collaborative research teams to develop innovative solutions using commercial and MITRE developed technologies
Conduct performance assessments of current and emerging technologies
Execute data science research beginning at data wrangling and cleaning all the way through to reporting and visualization
Scale solutions to work across large enterprises and large data sets
Analyze data from network sensor systems and integrate additional data sources for improved outcomes
Communicate technical approach and findings to internal and external stakeholders
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in related fields outlined below, or equivalent knowledge and skills.
Computer Science
Software Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Mathematics
Information Systems, Information Technology, SW Engineering
Operations Research
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
Required Qualifications:
A passion for technology and a desire to learn
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems
Knowledge of various machine learning paradigms (deep learning, reinforcement learning, neural networks, etc.) with an understanding of mathematical underpinnings of various models
Hands-on software development skills in a modern programming language (e.g. Python, R, Scala, Java)
Working knowledge of data science workflow from data acquisition to reporting findings
Strong understanding of streaming and batch data workflows, including message queues, processing directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) and data stores
Obtain and maintain a Secret level security clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar field
Experience working with Big Data tools (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Kafka)
Experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j, Elasticsearch)
Familiarity with cloud-based environments like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure
Experience conducting original research using data science techniques, including machine learning, statistical modeling, and data visualization
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations leveraging a modern programming language
Familiarity with basic networking and security concepts/capabilities such as TCP/IP stack, routing, and firewalls
Exposure to network programmability concepts such as software define networking and programmable data planes
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
24,Sr Data Science Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary
The Sr. Data Science Analyst operates as an internal consultant, finding solutions to the most critical organizational challenges in a fast-paced health care environment, leading to improved patient outcomes and performance for our business partners. The challenges that are complex from a methodology or business perspective are frequently the types of projects that this role tackles.
Reponsibilities
Successfully guide Data Science projects from concept to completion as a combination of Data Science subject matter expert, project manager, and business analyst.
Perform Research and Development to generate new products and/or ways to use our data to improve patient outcomes.
Translate identified business challenges or opportunities into actionable project efforts with defined scope and goals.
Create visual concepts/mockups that foster a shared understanding of business challenges or opportunities.
Coalescing stakeholders toward reasonable project objectives that address the most pressing challenges of our business.
Collaborate and coordinate with clinical, business, IT and engineering partners in the design and development of products that address key business challenges using internal and/or external data.
Effectively communicate the practical nature of the results of various analyses to business stakeholders using illustrations and practical language.
Pilot a proposed solution to demonstrate its effectiveness and/or suggest improvements.
Create reports documenting key findings, observations, outcomes, and/or recommendations clearly.
Develop, document and maintain code in a clear and reproducible manner.
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field required; advanced degree preferred
5+ years of experience in analytics role
3+ years of experience with SQL; fluent in basic operators, joins, date and character functions;
3+ years of experience with R or Python, particularly with ggplot/matplotlib, statistics and analytics packages
3+ years of experience addressing practical business challenges in a Data Science/Analytics role
Professional experience as a project/program manager and/or business analyst preferred
Certifications in Data Science, Health Information Technology, Lean, Six Sigma, project management and/or business analysis a plus
Experience with RegEx, RShiny, R Markdown, Atlassian suite (Jira, Bitbucket, Concurrence), MS Excel (particularly pivot tables) and MS Access (VBA) preferred
Results-oriented mentality, capable of fluidly moving between roles and projects.
Team-first orientation, thriving in a collaborative, team-based work environment.
Self-starter mindset with desire to learn on an ongoing basis.
Problem-solver mentality – one who finds creative solutions instead of accepting obstacles as fixed.
Prioritization skills that allow one to cope well with ambiguity, changing requirements, dynamic scope, competing objectives and changes in direction
Willingness to lead the charge to change assumptions, risks and issues into reasonable project direction
Inquisitive nature and reasonable degree of comfort in asking tough questions when needed
Ability to accept and internalize coaching guidance
Willingness to adapt to approaches that meet stakeholder needs
Solid facilitator skillset – one who can align a room full of stakeholders with competing interests toward a narrow set of key objectives
Ability to tell stories through pictures and whiteboarding, often off-the-cuff
Ability to alter communication styles effectively for stakeholders varying from Specialists to C-Suite
Ability to serve as a liaison between business, clinical and IT professionals
Willingness to unearth, track and resolve the detail-level challenges that frequently derail project efforts
Conceptual understanding of Big Data methods
Ability to identify trends or correlations between factors and responses using methods such as trend analysis, regression modeling, clustering, principal components analysis and various feature engineering methods
Ability to conduct designed experiments to establish cause-effect relationships, as well as optimization experiments
Honesty, integrity, and emotional intelligence
Working knowledge of classical statistical / hypothesis testing techniques.
Experience with geospatial analytics platforms, particularly Esri, a plus
Experience with visualization tools, including Tableau, a plus
Experience with prototype development and/or UI/UX Design a plus
Experience with other programming languages and data exchange formats (Java, C#, XML, JSON) a plus
Experience with deep learning (particularly Tensorflow or other GPU-based) a plus
Experience with Natural Language Processing a plus
Experience with automated machine learning (H20, DataRobot) a plus
Experience with big data environments and methodologies (NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Hadoop) a plus",3.7,"naviHealth, Inc.
3.7","Brentwood, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
25,Data Engineer,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Engineer will work with the data Analyst and project managers to determine logical and physical database designs for new analytics models. The Data Engineer will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The Data Engineer will support database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout analytics ongoing projects.

Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet business requirements
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into operational efficiency, financial reports and other key business performance metrics
Work with stakeholders including the Engineering and Analytic teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Create data tools to support business informational technology process
Work with the data analytics team to strive for greater functionality in our data systems
Perform other related duties as required and assigned
Demonstrate behaviors which are aligned with the organization’s desired culture and values

Moderate experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Moderate knowledge of AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++
Experience building and optimizing AWS data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Strong project management and organizational skills.
Moderate skill in business intelligence tools such as Tableau or Qlik
Moderate skills with MS Office, including Excel & PowerPoint
Must be a team player with strong attention to detail and able to work independently
Proven track record at delivering timely and accurate information in a fast-paced environment
Excellent critical thinking, problem solving, and mathematical skills, and sound judgment
Strong business acumen and ability to interface with executive management",4.0,"PennyMac
4.0","Agoura Hills, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
26,Big Data Admin/Architect Cloud Engineer,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"If you have a passion for Data Cloud Engineer, looking for long term career growth & opportunity, then we want to hear from you!

You will work with a client services team as a part of our offering with our data platform—the ability to support and influence product roadmap also (data side). _We do not want a data scientist who prepares or engineers data._

The ideal candidate will be working on or in charge of client projects to use cloud-based data tools to create automated data pipelines into our platform or for a client-specific deliverable or purpose.
Responsibilities: *
Design and construct large relational databases
Integrate new systems with existing in-house structure
Perform security assessment of potential risks
Refine system performance and functionality
Provide architecture guidance and support to technical leads
Research new technologies and develop proofs of concept
Qualifications: *
Previous experience in database architecture, development, or other related fields
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Ability to prioritize and multitask
Deadline and detail-oriented
Work Experience with *
Cloud service and other query and big data tools
ETL, SQL, T-SQL, or a structured query language (Required)
Scala, Python, Spark-SQL, Spark
MongoDB, ElasticSearch, Hadoop, Hive, Snowflake, Redshift (Postgre equivalent)
AWS/Linux Experience (Required)
JSON
API/Microservices/REST
Nice to Have Work Experience *
Healthcare or clinical data experience – diagnostic labs, diagnosis codes, procedure codes, medications, etc. Healthcare or research data experience
Health data standards and Research Data Standards (FDA)
CDISC SDTM www.cdisc.org (clinical trial submission format)
ANSI-x12 – for healthcare 837/835
NCPDP (pharmacy standard)
OMOP
Data Science Experience - Cloud automated and extending product
Education Requirement: *
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering or equivalent experience.
REMOTE* working as long as you are located in the USA and have reliable internet.
\*\*\* This is a W2 direct-hire, no C2C, no visa sponsorship or transfers for this role: All candidates must be authorized to work for any employer in the United States and not require visa sponsorship or transfer, now or in the future; resumes from 3rd parties will not be accepted. \*\*\*

About:

This role is with a well-funded start-up company. They have a passion for rapidly delivering patient therapies and interventions. End-Client offers employees competitive benefits to support a healthy and positive workplace and personal life. Benefits: Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Holiday/Sick time, remote work culture, stock options

Keywords: Healthcare, Clinical, Pharmaceutical, Llabcorp, Pfizer, Bayer, AstraZeneca, Parexel, Abbott, Healthcare Diagnostics, Health Care Diagnostics, pharmaceuticals, biopharmaceutical, life science, Life Science, Strategy & Digital, Booz & Co., McKesson, Amgen, Amazon EMR, Amazon Cognito, AWS Identity & access management, AWS Single Sign-On (SSO), AWS Directory Service, Python, Hive, R, Spark, NoSQL, Scala, MapReduce, HBase, HDFS, MongoDB, SPLUNK

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
We are looking for someone in the Irvine area so they can in-office meetings when needed.

Experience:
(Hadoop: 4 years (Required)
Performance tuning: 4 years (Preferred)
Hortonworks and/or Elastic Search work: 4 years (Preferred)
Agile SDLC processes: 4 years (Preferred)
Amazon (AWS).: 4 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Irvine, CA (Preferred)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Proticom,"Irvine, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
27,Senior Data Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Data Analyst*
ABOUT US*
For more than 20 years, WINFertility has been managing family-building benefits that are delivered with care and support by the highest quality providers. WIN is the largest, most experienced fertility benefit management company in the country. It offers inclusive family-building solutions to employers, health plans and individual patients. From integrated fertility management, including medical treatment, pharmacy and reproductive genetics, to surrogacy and adoption, WIN’s mission is to help build families by providing access to the best network doctors, technology and emotional support at the lowest cost.

WIN’s managed fertility programs include an integrated medical and pharmaceutical model that is unique to the industry. Its dedicated nurse care managers, all with experience in reproductive endocrinology clinics, guide employees through every step of their fertility journey, and are available 24/7.
POSITION SUMMARY*
This analytical position will develop data solutions to assist in the advancement of initiatives needed to support our business growth and operations across key customer segments. It includes the creation of analytical solutions used to manage operational programs and mentoring other data analytics resources on how to best provide value to the organization. The position will require building dashboards and visualizations through BI software to support business analytics and reporting.

The position will also serve as a proactive change agent within the business by understanding the long-term functions of the Data and Analytics Team and developing systems, databases, and other critical analytic tools needed to support the growing and complex nature of customer relationships.

The position is responsible for working closely with various internal teams to understand, define, and produce program related reports and analysis. Responsibilities include interpreting data, creating ad hoc reports, modifying and updating standard reports when applicable, perform statistical analysis, analyze data to forecast trends and conduct predictability outcomes. They will also participate in operations meetings, strategy sessions, and business reviews. He/she must possess knowledge and experience necessary to offer recommendations and propose solutions for complex business problems and/or systems enhancements.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES*
Responsible for creating business value for company by understanding data environment, designing data strategies, performing extract, transform, and load activities, and operationalizing models. Work closely with the team members and business partners to interpret the data and develop implement solutions that create visibility for internal management and operations across all customer programs. This position will require collaboration across the business to develop and implement data-driven solutions.
Support the development of customer-level metrics needed to manage operations with Clients. Manage the compilation, analysis, and reporting of data to forecast trends, apply various analytical techniques to support operational efficiency and productivity.
5+ years RDBMS experience (MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, etc.); must have the ability to write complex, optimized queries across large volumes of data
5+ years of experience analyzing and manipulating data from a variety of production systems and data platforms required
Experience in query tuning and database engine optimization
Knowledge of ETL and data warehouse concepts and processes
Demonstrated ability to identify data quality issues and recommend the best course of action to address them
Experience translating data extractions and analyses into formats and outputs that other departments and clients can understand
Experience in Data Visualization tools like (e.g. Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos, Power BI, etc…) or other related tools
Problem solver with high attention to detail and superior organization and documentation skills
Design, create and implement reports to analyze and display data for all assigned projects and requests utilizing Business Objects, and other data visualization tools.
Document and understand project requirements, reporting data mapping and data warehouse repositories for assigned programs.
Complete full documentation of reports developed utilizing Business Requirement Documents
Receive and respond to data requests to ensure projects in queue are accurately prioritized, designed, estimated and delivered to all shareholders
Ensure reports are scheduled, audited and delivered according to agreed upon expectations and established Service Level Agreements (SLAs).
Develop and execute acceptance test plans (UAT) to ensure data warehouse structures, universes, and associated data accurately meet business requirements.
Other responsibilities and projects, as directed.
QUALIFICATIONS*
Minimum Requirements*
5+ years of healthcare data management experience or 2+ years of advanced healthcare analytics experience
Critical Skills*
3+ years' experience in analytics or data related fields.
Strong knowledge of SQL and statistical packages (SAS, SPSS, STATA etc.).
Ability to design, create and implement reports to analyze and display data for all assigned projects and delivered according to client expectations and established SLAs.
Knowledge of healthcare industry with the ability to review all program data, perform analysis, notice trends, research and suggest solutions.
Significant data mining, analysis, and reporting experience, and demonstrated experience with IT and/or operations project management.
Experience in predictive modeling and machine learning.
Ability to lead and conduct customer meetings and understand business needs.
Advanced Microsoft Office experience (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project), Visio, SharePoint, and Business Objects.
Additional Knowledge & Skills*
Healthcare reporting experience, highly desired
Excellent written and verbal communication, and presentation skills
Exercise excellent judgment within defined standards and guidelines to manage conflict resolution and/or ambiguous situations
Experience developing partnerships with the technical, business, teams, and Clients utilizing strong communication and team building skills
Track record of strategic thinking and independent problem solving
Attention to detail and a high level of understanding of how to produce accurate and meaningful metrics to deliver high quality, actionable, efficient, and interactive reporting and insights to drive business and financial KPIs.
EDUCATION*
BA or BS degree or equivalent experience required.
WIN BENEFITS AND PERKS*
WIN *offers our employees competitive and comprehensive benefits to include but not limited to:
Paid vacation, sick and holiday time
Medical
Dental
Vision
Life Insurance (company paid and supplemental)
Disability Insurance
Health Savings Account (HSA) with a per month company contribution
Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
Transit Account
401k plus company match
Pet Insurance
WIN Perks and Plum Benefits*
Employee Assistance Program
Free access to Fitness Center at our main office location
Free indoor parking at our main office location
Transit Account
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SQL and Statistical Packages: 3 years (Required)
Design, create and implement Reports: 3 years (Required)
Healthcare Data Management: 5 years (Required)
Advanced Healthcare Analytics: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Greenwich, CT (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.3,"WINFertility
3.3","Greenwich, CT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
28,Senior Data Analyst - Tableau,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Do you have a passion for creating dynamic and visually appealing visualizations with Tableau? Enjoy doing complex, sophisticated calculations within Tableau?

This Senior Data Analyst role will include building and maintaining Tableau dashboards. The maintenance of dashboards will include updating the dashboards and updating calculations. To be able to complete the maintenance of the dashboards, it will be important that you understand how joins operate, the difference between context and dimension filters, and LOD calculations. When we build new dashboards, it is important that we can make visualizations that are both engaging and easy for people to understand.

If this is you, Apply Today!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to serve as key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information. In this role, you will complete complex, sophisticated calculations within Tableau by utilizing multiple sources of raw data and summarizing calculations in Tableau with the raw data.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to staff on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Technical degree required
Bachelors Degree preferred - Data Scientist, Data Analyst, Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Science, or similar degree.
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Tableau experience of 3 years highly desired
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the links below for more information.

E-Verify Right to Work (links to E-verify sites)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
29,Healthcare Data Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Xtend Healthcare, established in 2009, is seeking professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young) within its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice. These full-time positions offer a competitive salary and an attractive benefits package. The positions are long-term with no scheduled end date. Many current Xtend Healthcare employees have been contracted in similar roles at EY for multiple years -- some well over a decade.

EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. EY is looking to expand its existing team of Xtend Healthcare data analysts. Xtend Healthcare employees who act in these contracted roles have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. Some individuals do occasionally travel for work, but travel is not required by all. Candidates are expected to work daily in EY's downtown Indianapolis, Indiana office location.

EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills, healthcare industry knowledge, and consulting skills through on-the-job training. The services provided include assisting their clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs.

We are seeking qualified candidates for ourHealthcare Data Analystposition. This position will work with our client's proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

JOB SUMMARY:

1. Analyze large volumes of hospital data.

2. Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
3. Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.

4. Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
2+ years experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended.
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH and/or Medicare bad debts, is a significant advantage.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel (required) with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience (recommended).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment.
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts.
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities.
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies.
Willingness to travel occasionally (plus).
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.3,"Navient
3.3","Indianapolis, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
30,Lead-Data Analyst,$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want career growth and development opportunities? We also offer relocation assistance.

The Data Analyst Lead provides complex analysis of both quantitative and qualitative healthcare data from various data sources in support of institutional decisions. This person will bring significant value to both the technical and non-technical sides of the organization by performing and training others on complex exploratory analysis for further technical development or by developing or overseeing the development of high quality, impactful dashboards using charts, graphs, drilldown, navigation and other data visualization techniques. The position is responsible for the day-to-day design, development, monitoring, documentation and support of all products as well as mentoring and guiding all junior staff members.
Bachelor's degree in a related field is required
Master's degree in Computer Science, MIS or related area preferred
Eight (8) years' experience in a related position or IT area including five (5) years of data analytics experience building data visualization, scorecards, dashboards or reports using tools such as Cognos, DA2, SAS, Business Objects, Power BI, Tableau, Oracle or Sysbase is required
Experience with various coding systems such as SNODO, SNOMED, CPT-4, ID-9, ICD10-CM, ICD10-PCA preferred
Experience with Cerner is strongly preferred with knowledge regarding patient registration, orders, results, lab, diagnostics, coding, billing etc
Experience with SQL and knowledge of query tools to access data products such SQL Server and Oracle etc preferred
Experience with multidimensional data sources, clinical operations or clinical documentation is preferred
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.",4.7,"St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
4.7","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1962,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
31,"Sr. Scientist, T Cell Immunologist",$90k-$146k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr. Scientist, T Cell Immunologist*
Mozart Therapeutics is an early-stage biopharmaceutical company located in Seattle, WA, focused on developing novel immune engagers that specifically target a subset of T lymphocytes to delay the onset and ameliorate targeted autoimmune diseases. The company is seeking a highly motivated and experienced individual who can work in a dynamic start-up environment to provide scientific leadership to a small pre-clinical immunotherapy research team for the discovery and development of therapeutic candidates in inflammatory and autoimmune disease.
Responsibilities: *
· Design, direct and perform pre-clinical studies to develop and advance novel therapeutic molecules for the treatment of patients with Celiac disease and other autoimmune diseases

· Perform data processing and analysis, integrate, interpret, and present data, make conclusions and propose next steps to advance project. Manage the routine reports and data analysis developed and maintained by other team members

· Work in coordination with team members to design and execute experimental protocols. Ensure that scientific rigor is applied to all studies: including controls, assays and techniques, reproducibility. Present experiments and data at research group meetings

· Perform other duties related to specific laboratory needs including: perform basic cell culture culture cells using sterile techniques; help maintain TC supplies, reagent qualification, testing, aliquotting as needed

· Provide project leadership & management of the implementation of the Research plan to include direct internal team and CROs on the execution of specific projects

· Will interpret data in a way that supports the identification of novel targets and approaches for next generation therapeutic molecules.

· Day to day operations will require independent judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation/modification of standard techniques, procedures and criteria.
Qualifications: *
The successful Sr. Scientist candidate will have:

· PhD and minimum of 8 years relevant industry or academic research environment and a minimum 3 years of previous experience with discovery, validation and development of immune modulatory biologics;

· Expertise in human and mouse T cell immunology, signaling pathways, and molecular mechanisms of T cell functions

· Working knowledge of inflammatory & autoimmune disease, expertise in celiac disease preferred

· Working knowledge in target identification and validation

· Working expertise in in vitro assay development, complex flow analyses, execution and trouble shooting

· Experience in in vivo animals models a must, experience working with CROs preferred

· Strong analytical, troubleshooting, and decision-making skills

· Experience working in highly collaborative research environment

· Excellent critical thinking and scientific acumen, with a demonstrated ability to analyze, interpret, and clearly communicate (orally and in writing) complex data and their impact to program and research strategy

· A strong team player with a passion for science and helping discover and develop novel therapies for unmet medical needs

Mozart Therapeutics is an innovative, fast paced, collaborative culture looking to hire individuals who are seeking to make a significant contribution to advancing and developing novel immune engagers that target a subset of T lymphocytes to improve clinical outcomes in patients with autoimmune diseases. We are a _privately held biopharmaceutical company founded in 2020. We offer our employees competitive compensation and benefits, including paid time off, health insurance, life insurance and stock options._ We are an equal opportunity employer.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Experience:
Research Experience: 8 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Mozart Therapeutics,"Seattle, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
32,Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Every Analyst a Scientist - One of our primary goals is to empower intelligence analysts to be able to study their data like scientists. The tools we develop focus on streamlining intelligence analysis through integrated algorithms and software that provide insight into the geopolitical landscape for use in operational intelligence missions around the world.

The Role:

As a Data Scientist, you will live by our motto that “Data is Destiny.” You will work with a diverse collection of massive datasets, including social media, structured and unstructured text, geospatial, time series, and imagery data. You will design, test, and validate statistical tests and machine learning models in support of cutting-edge problems in the national security space. Your expertise as a data scientist will aid a diverse team of researchers to build state-of-the-art tools and technologies that are deployed to extract and enrich intelligence used by analysts.

If you would like to help intelligence and defense analysts keep pace with technology-driven innovation, then this role is for you!

Who you are:
A U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain a Security Clearance
A degree in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, or Computer Science
Experience in statistical modeling including performance evaluation and uncertainty quantification
Proficiency with a scientific programming language, preferably Python, and familiarity with Numpy, Pandas, and/or Scikit-learn packages
Experience in grooming sparse, incomplete, and noisy datasets
Motivated collaborator who is an excellent communicator of ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences
Even better:
Active Clearance
MS or PhD in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Data Science or 2+ years of relevant work experience
Familiarity with handling and analyzing data at scale, for example using Hadoop, Dask, Spark, and MapReduce
Working knowledge of data store tools such as SQL and Elasticsearch, and experience interacting with databases
Experience with deep learning and neural network training, testing, and evaluation with fluency in Tensorflow or PyTorch
Specialized expertise in a data-rich field such as time-series analysis, graph analytics, geospatial analysis, image processing, or Bayesian programming",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
33,Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Engineering at Postmates

We're building groundbreaking tech solutions that power our revolutionary logistics platform to help connect millions of customers with their favorite merchants every day. We're tackling some of the most complex technical challenges in the modern logistics space to unlock opportunities that positively impact the local businesses and communities we serve.

WHAT WE DO


Postmates relies heavily on our engineering team to realize this vision. Building a software platform that is reliable, scales, and stays agile under demanding product needs is a serious technical challenge. Postmates is a three-part balancing act connecting customers, merchants, and couriers in real-time. If any piece is out of whack, the whole system suffers. Working with the Postmates engineering team offers an opportunity with explosive growth, cutting-edge technology, a highly visible charter, and a cool user-focused product vision.

As a Data Scientist, you'll use your full toolkit - statistical modeling, machine learning, data mining, data visualization, and software engineering - to develop data products and models that are used by millions of users and power the growth of our business. You will collaborate with a strong team of engineers, product managers and data analysts in defining the frontier of data products and models in the three-sided marketplace. Data scientists will work on how to formulate a model from a real business problem, determine evaluation metrics, evaluate different modeling approaches, conduct data analysis, and build features and algorithms for the various challenging problems at Postmates.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Modeling and forecasting demand and supply to enable more intelligent matching, optimize the overall marketplace efficiency and provide valuable insights to our merchants and Postmates
Large scale Machine Learning algorithms that powers our Search Ranking models and Personalized Recommendation Engine
Predicting the Postmates Delivery Time (PDT) and improving the dispatching algorithm
Determining the optimal pricing strategies to help our Postmates maximize their revenue
Identifying suspicious transactions and malicious users for risk control
Natural Language Processing to understand text content on Postmates platform, including named entity resolution and recognization of reviews, descriptions and interactions between users on our marketplace
OUR REQUIREMENTS
A Bachelor's/Master's degree (or higher) in a technical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent work experience required.
minimum of 3+ years of professional experience in Data Science or Applied Machine Learning required
A deep theoretical understanding of modern machine learning algorithms, statistical models, or optimization
Extensive experience with data tools, Python (Pandas, Scipy, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, etc), R, SAS, SQL, etc and strong skills in data analysis, data visualization, and feature engineering
Ability to own your modeling work from model development all the way to production deployment and beyond with minimal help from engineers
Strong communication skills; Explaining complex technical concepts to product managers, data analysts, and other engineers shouldn't be a problem for you
OUR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive, HBase, Google BigQuery, and BigTable
Experience with ML frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Spark MLlib, XGBoost, and Scikit-Learn",3.4,"Postmates
3.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Express Delivery Services,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
34,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Overview:

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for turning data into knowledge, enabling business decisions.

Specific Duties Include:
Partnering with the user community to create new business intelligence, reporting and data analysis solutions.
Maintaining existing software systems related to business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Identify improvements to existing business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Capture, develop, and document data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirements.
Build and maintain ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) and integration processes.
Validate data delivered to user community.
Ensure compliance with Protolabs data and software policies and procedures.
Monitor software systems to ensure reliability and accuracy of information loaded into the databases.
Maintain all documentation related to database objects, source systems, and operations.
Conduct complex, important work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgment.
Minimum Qualifications:
6+ years of experience working in software engineering
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with Domo
Experience with PowerBI
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS)
Ability to work on multiple project concurrently
Ability to manage time effectively
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast paced, collaborative environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Previous leadership experience preferred
Knowledge of document databases including Raven
Previous experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX
Previous experience with Salesforce
Software development in a continuous integration and continuous deployment environment
Proto Labs maintains ITAR-compliant operations in all of our United States based facilities. Due to ITAR regulations, this role is only open to U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire in this role.

Proto Labs, Inc. is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer",2.1,"Rapid Manufacturing
2.1","Nashua, NH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
35,Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist
In this role, you will be set on a constant “treasure hunt” for new data sources to apply the latest techniques for modeling and data analysis. You will be part of a team driving the profit and customer growth of this growing insurance agency.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Working with internal and external data to understand and accurately predict:
Shopping behavior;
Retention behavior;
Quote and conversion rates;
Retention and lifetime customer value;
Contribution to overall margin;
Customer satisfaction; and
Other drivers of success you identify worthy of analysis.
Qualifications and Education
Knowledge of new and innovative modeling and statistical techniques – a relevant specialty is preferred.
Detail orientation – attention and desire to work on large data “crunching” projects.
Strong written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize information from various sources and apply that information to concrete business problems.
Ability to work with and understanding of the merits of various data structures.
Proficiency with the latest modeling software and techniques, such as SAS, R, Python or Tableau.
Ability to understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation.

Education:
An advanced degree in mathematics, machine learning, economics, statistics or a related field.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.6,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
36,Data Analyst,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our data operations team is the pharmacy support system for our customers - we help them transition to divvyDOSE, manage their prescriptions, answer their questions, and coordinate care with their health team. This work is coordinated across pharmacists, technicians, and customer support staff to ensure we provide the best care for our customers. Among other things, we transfer prescriptions to and from other pharmacies, contact medical care providers to understand treatments and request prescription refills and answer inbound questions from our customers.

You will:


Your goal is to help the operation run more effectively and efficiently through data analysis, reporting, dash-boarding, and special projects. You will help us build context through better reporting and drive the business forward by providing data-driven recommendations on ways to improve efficiency and optimize our operation. On any given day you might be presenting to our executive team, doing a deep dive on call analytics, or working with a small team to prototype and test new processes.
Become an expert and go-to resource for our process flows and our operational data
Work with operations management to develop actionable operations performance dashboards across all areas of the organization
Perform ad-hoc data analysis to identify measurable improvements to our operation, and advocate for those improvements via presentations and reports
Maintain and improve operations forecasting models
Collaborate with Finance and Technology teams to ensure we are able to continue to effectively measure our operation as technology improves
Communicate effectively and efficiently across multiple teams and work groups
Requirements
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to tackling very loosely defined problems and still deliver high-quality output
Advanced proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and strong written and oral communication
Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment
3-5 years of analyst experience
Bachelor's degree, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
Experience with BI tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus
Job Title: Data Analyst

Job Type: Full-time

FLSA Status: Exempt

Benefits

In addition to competitive salary and a unique opportunity to thrive at a growing company, divvyDOSE offers various formal benefits as well.

INSURANCE, PAID TIME OFF, & RETIREMENT

Full-time employees receive Sick days, Vacation days, and Holiday Bonuses as well as employer-paid Medical (including a Health Savings Account with an employer contribution), Dental, Vision, and Life insurance. In addition, we're proud to offer Voluntary Life & AD&D, Short Term Disability, and Long Term Disability coverage. A 401k plan with employer contribution is available, too.

SOCIAL EVENTS

In our company description, you can tell the divvyTEAM likes to have fun. Regular potlucks, company events, pizza days, wellness challenges, and divvyNEWS You Can Use updates maintain our work-hard play-hard culture.

divvyDOSE provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in the United States.

Apply for this job",3.4,"divvyDOSE
3.4","Moline, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
37,Machine Learning Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"This is Us:
We have a bold vision to connect 25 million vehicles by 2025.
Our customers come first. We lead through innovation. We win as one. We act with integrity.
We adhere to our brand promise – to make the complex simple, the future predictable, and our customers successful.
With nearly 4 million connected vehicles today, Spireon is an exciting player in the growing Connected Car and Internet of Things (IoT) technology categories. We help people and businesses track and protect their most important assets with vehicle intelligence solutions that gather Big Data and provide the critical insights with easy-to-use dashboards and apps.

This is You:

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to design and build Convolutional Neural Networks for Smart Sensors. Spireon develops computer vision based smart sensors to detect environment and reports for the transportation sector. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will implement CNN algorithms to run on smart sensors.. You must be able to work across multiple teams to ensure project objectives are met.

Responsibilities:
Design and develop algorithms for challenging vision classification and detections problems
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Implementation of Computer Vision and ML algorithms
Collect data and analyze real world data
Deploy ML systems (inference at the edge), monitor metrics
Prototyping ML algorithms
Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions
Keep up to date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Requirements:
Must have solid foundation general machine learning systems
Must have experience in Convolutional Neural Networks Classification, Object Detection, Segmentation.
Must have experience in Computer vision, image processing.
Must have Programming / scripting experience with languages such as Python
Must have experience working with machine learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn)
Highly Desired: Programming language experience with C / C++
Highly Desired: Experience with Embedded systems
Highly Desired: Experience with OpenCV
Experience working with AWS Sagemaker
Experience working with AWS S3
Rewards:
Winner of 2019, 2018 IoT Innovator Awards & 2017, 2018 Stevie Award for Customer Excellence
Work with the Best and Brightest Technical Talent
Stable, High Growth and Profitable Company
Comprehensive Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Plan)
Wellness, Professional Development and Spireon University
Virtual Happy Hours, Team Building Events, Hackathons
Employee Discounts on Spireon Products and Services",3.8,"Spireon
3.8","Irvine, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
38,Data Scientist BSLEF8,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
39,Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"OUR AGENCY

Making a Difference

SWIB is a trusted and skilled global investment organization managing the assets of the Wisconsin Retirement System (WRS) and other separately managed funds. With about $129 billion in total assets under management, SWIB has been recognized by the investment industry for its teamwork and innovation that helps make it a premier asset manager. Sophisticated investment management strategies, forward-looking technologies, and strong internal asset management make SWIB a leading investment organization.

For public employees in Wisconsin, SWIB is a unique and valuable partner. Investing for the financial security of more than 635,000 individuals and for the 1,500 Wisconsin employers who contribute on behalf of their employees SWIBs strong management of the WRS has helped fuel one of only a few fully funded public pension funds in the country. SWIBs long-term investment returns meet the challenges of a constantly evolving investment landscape while helping grow and protect the assets of the WRS, the 8th largest public pension fund in the U.S. and 25th largest public or private pension fund in the world.

We are a mission driven organization and the participants we serve are our mission. By bringing a disciplined, prudent and innovative approach to market opportunities, SWIB has been successful in generating respectable returns and maintaining the trust of the beneficiaries and stakeholders of the funds we oversee.

Join HIGHER PERFORMERS

Home to Top Talent

SWIB has long been recognized as an investment leader because of its success in maintaining the WRS and for the highly-qualified staff overseeing the retirement trust funds. SWIBs internal team invests a majority of its assets under management. This means SWIB is committed to investing in professionals that will keep the organization at the forefront of the investment industry. As an innovative organization, SWIB offers professional development opportunities that enable staff to grow and develop. Approximately 61 percent of SWIBs investment professionals are Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholders.

About the Team

Partner with, build, maintain, enhance and manage the data and technology for the Asset and Risk Allocation (ARA) division which is responsible for the overall investment structure of the Core and Variable Trust Funds. ARA recommends and implements the asset allocation for the policy portfolio, recommends and implements the active risk budget, and is responsible for overall risk monitoring and management. The Analytics, Data Science, & Development department primarily partners with the Asset & Risk Allocation team as well as work with other internal divisions. There will be opportunities to apply skills in both technology and finance.

This role offers a unique opportunity to learn and contribute to the technology and the business through technology.

Essential activities:
Creating reporting, decisioning systems or outputs, performing rapid analysis on data issues, and instrumenting the system with data quality rules to proactively catch and prevent issues, creating enriched and enhanced datasets with advanced data manipulation and modeling skills, use of primarily Oracle, SQL Server, Snowflake, Python, delivering risk, return, cost metrics and partner with various internal departments to improve the overall state of technology and operations, architecting, developing, testing, documenting and supporting software and technical solutions for the SWIB ARA team as well as other teams, assess and revisit inventory business logic, calculations and reporting, leveraging SQL, Python and communication skills in various avenues, instrument data quality rules and metrics in the system.

Technical Skills:
Oracle SQL, SQL Server
Snowflake (or some equivalent datastore tool)
Python experience
JIRA and Confluence
Alteryx (or some equivalent ETL tool such as Informatica)
PowerBI (or some equivalent BI tool such as Tableau)
Data Skills:
SQL development
ETL (Extract Transform load) exposure
Python experience
Financial Knowledge recommended but candidates in other industries highly recommended to apply:
Understanding of multi-asset products is desirable
Comprehensions of risk, return and cost metrics in industry is desirable
Exposure to the investment management lifecycle is desirable
The ideal candidate:
5-10 years experience in data analytics, data science, or related fields
Bachelor's degree or advanced degree in finance, quantitative finance, or another related field
Ability to take various questions gathered from the business leveraging existing data as well as improving upon that data to deliver complete, consistent and precise answers
Experience in working with/understanding the various lifecycles of data management, extraction, loading, transformation to its applications in analysis, research and solving problems
Extensive knowledge in composing Oracle SQL, SQL Server queries, data modeling, and having a SQL and analytics background
Experience in identifying use cases for the business, contributing to analysis and understanding of existing data models with iterative recommendations on improvement resulting in some improvement in risk, return or cost for the organization
Extensive knowledge of data extraction, transformation and loading
Experience refactoring SQL queries, use of Python
Experience working with large structured and financial data sets
Ability to follow rigor in creating/updating documentation, maintain process (i.e. JIRA tickets) and following technology and business best practices
Ability to present and communicate well and connect business and technology
Ability to tactically understand results in context (i.e. when does something look wrong), and strategically how to resolve those issues via data quality and rule-based instrumentation
Interest in newer data technologies, Snowflake programming, i.e. Python
Interest or experience in investment management, quantitative finance and technology
Background in Agile methodologies and their applications
SWIB Offers:
Competitive McLagan-base salary
Meaningful performance-based incentive compensation
A comprehensive benefit package
Educational and training opportunities
Tuition reimbursement
Challenging work in a professional environment
The position requires U.S. work authorization and residency in, or willingness to relocate to the Madison, Wisconsin area. SWIB is prepared to offer relocation assistance as needed.",3.0,"State of Wisconsin Investment Board
3.0","Madison, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1951,Government,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
40,(Sr.) Data Scientist -,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Thursday, June 11, 2020

Merrick Bank is a top-25 credit card issuer and merchant acquirer in the VISA/MasterCard networks, and a major recreational vehicle lender.
The Bank is a Utah Financial Institution and a member of the FDIC.

At Merrick Bank, we specialize in credit programs that assist people looking to build or rebuild their credit. We are FDIC insured and recognized as a top-20 issuer of Visa® cards. In total, we proudly serve over 2.4 million cardholders and have extended over $5.3 billion in credit.

Our Mission is to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers, our employees, and our community. We work hard to create a work environment that empowers our associates to grow, learn, and reach their potential.

This position is a member (or, a senior member, depending upon qualifications) of the Data Science and Modeling team, and will support and work with other members of the team to produce the models, reports, and analysis as required for the bank. Data science, machine learning and statistical programming are the core competencies of the position, but in addition, the applicant should work well with others, have a desire to learn, be self-motivated, and have excellent communication and presentation skills.

REQUIRED SKILLS, ABILITIES, KNOWLEDGE, AND EXPERIENCE:
Master's degree in a relevant quantitative field, or a bachelor’s degree with a significant amount of relevant work experience.
Firm knowledge of statistical theory, data science, or machine learning algorithms is a requirement.
Expertise with R or Python is required.
Experience with any of the following computer languages is also desirable: CUDA, FORTRAN or C/C++, SAS, SQL, Unix shell scripting, or LaTeX.
Experience with HPC (High Performance Computing), or Parallel Computing would be a plus. Experience with SLURM would be outstanding.
Experience in the banking industry, specifically in credit cards, is not necessary, but would be desirable.


PRIMARY DUTIES:
Statistical programming, model development and implementation.
Communicating results, both verbally and in writing.
Work both individually and in a collaborative manner with a team.
Designing, validating, and improving data driven decision making processes and strategies.
Building key metrics and modeling reports for communication with executives.
Compliant with Laws & Regulations.

What’s in it for you:

Competitive salary (DOE)

Benefits package -Medical, Dental and Vision (plus much more)

401(k) Plan with Company Match

Short & Long Term Disability

Group Life and AD&D Insurance

Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days

Employee Events, including Employee Appreciation Day, Holiday Party, etc.

Tuition Reimbursement Program
Candidates must have unrestricted authority to work in the
United States without sponsorship.

Merrick Bank is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability,
veteran status, and other legally protected characteristic. The EEO is the
Law poster is available here: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm

Please go to our website www.merrickbank.com to apply and learn more about our company

We are an equal opportunity employer. Merrick Bank will do a thorough background check for all hires. This includes a review of your personal credit history, drug testing, background check, and employment/personal references. A good credit history is important.

Other details
Job Family
Account Acquisition & Data Science
Pay Type
Salary",3.5,"Merrick Bank
3.5",Utah,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
41,Data Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Group O is seeking a strong candidate with advanced analytics experience to fill an exciting Data Engineer role for an AI partner to Fortune 500 companies. In this role, you will be a valuable in managing large amounts of data and implement loading disparate data sets while managing the technical communication between the team and client.

Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, preprocessing using Hive and Pig.
Manage the technical communication between the team and client
Work with big data team to deliver cutting edge solutions

2-5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Ideally, this would include work on the following technologies:
Proficiency in at least one of the following: R, C++ or Python (preferred). Scala knowledge a strong advantage.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc..
Hands-on experience with Apache Spark and its components (Streaming, SQL, MLLib) is a strong advantage.
Operating knowledge of cloud computing platforms (AWS, especially EMR, EC2, S3, SWF services and the AWS CLI)
Experience working within a Linux computing environment, and use of command line tools including knowledge of shell/Python scripting for automating common tasks
In addition, the ideal candidate would have great problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners.
Education:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical degree",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
42,Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"E.W. Scripps is a company rich in media history focused on the future. We are one of the nation's largest independent TV station owners with 60 stations nationwide, and we are working to stay ahead of the ways in which people use technology to find news and information. Our commitment to the future means that discovery is commonplace, the status quo is challenged, iteration and collaboration are the norm and new ideas are welcome. Join a team of top performers and help shape the future of the most strategic and well positioned media company – E. W. Scripps. This position will be located in Cincinnati, OH or Washington, DC.

At Scripps, you’ll:
Have a complete modern data science/analytics software stack at your disposal.
Enjoy a broad scope of responsibility – with projects and questions from every part of the business and new businesses under consideration.
Know that your work will have an impact on key strategic decisions – changing and shaping the way we do business. This is why we are so selective in our hiring process.
Grow your talent with constant learning – with substantial investments in on-site and hands-on training and eLearning formats used to fill in the gaps.
Work on projects that are important and interesting to you – with focus on modern media and marketing strategies
Expand your horizons by attending and giving talks at conferences and professional networking opportunities with senior analytics professionals.
Become a leading expert in applied data science for media.
We are looking for someone who knows how to use the latest data analytics tools, will thrive in our fast-paced innovative environment, will deliver results and has the following experience and credentials.

Primary purpose:

The Data Scientist blends the skills of a business thinker with those of a data analyst: asking questions, turning data into knowledge, forming conclusions, and making recommendations that enable the company to innovate, differentiate itself from its competitors, work smarter, make better decisions, and enhance profitability. This individual will partner with the analytics team, analytics products and services director, business leaders and end users to be a change agent - teasing out the questions that are important to our business, and then use statistical analysis and data mining techniques to inform the answers and communicate conclusions both visually and in writing, along with recommendations and next steps. The Data Scientist will also participate in the creation and measurement of new business processes, tools, and products.

Key responsibilities:
Influence the course of the business as a trusted advisor to business leaders, users and clients, using data and analytics as a basis for better, more informed decision making
Creation of analytics and measurement roadmaps
Identify impactful choices or courses of action that drive value for the organization
Evaluate the big picture and solve business problems in addition to focusing on metrics
Influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating conclusions to cross-functional groups
Create automation applications to replace tasks for critical revenue generating teams decreasing time dedicated to non-revenue generating
Mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract useful business insights for a wide range of topics including product development and performance, market dynamics, consumer and audience knowledge, internal operations, and external research
Initial study design, acquisition of data, prototyping and production roll out
Ongoing tracking, monitoring, and periodic follow-up studies
Support the design and implement of reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights
Use software and other tools to develop analyses that identify patterns, influences, correlations, relationships, predictive factors, risk factors, and that provide better situational awareness
Creation of models, simulations, and optimization routines
Develop of data flows and acquisition strategies to facilitate the capture and sharing of data and analytics within the organization
Support the development of Scripps analytics products and services by providing input into product roadmaps
Be a positive force to cultivate a culture that is passionate about developing analytics as a business competency
Drive accountability for value recognition and business results
Create and contribute to a quality work environment that motivates team members to perform at their highest levels and positively affects employee and business partner relationships
Be a publicly visible presence, including creating communications and leading training sessions, advocating for the benefits of analytics in Scripps and the products/services of the analytics team
Education / work experience:
Bachelor's required, Masters preferred. Applied statistics, Computer Science, business analytics or a related field.
Minimum 3 years, 5+ years preferred, experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches apply to this requirement.
Experience and demonstrated success presenting complex analyses and final recommendations to business leaders and external clients.
Statistical method experience:
Analysis techniques such as marketing mix modeling, scenario modeling, pattern detection, A/B testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, agent-based modeling, ensemble models, collaborative filtering and other types of analysis
Software Proficiency:
Python, RapidMiner, R
Database skills (Snowflake, MySQL) experience preferred
Tableau
About Scripps:

The E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) advances understanding of the world through journalism. As the nation’s fourth-largest independent TV station owner, Scripps operates 60 television stations in 42 markets. Scripps empowers the next generation of news consumers with its multiplatform news network Newsy and reaches growing audiences through broadcast networks including Bounce and Court TV. Scripps runs an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps has held for decades to the motto, “Give light and the people will find their own way.”

As an equal employment opportunity employer, The E.W. Scripps Company and its affiliates do not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis on race, sex, sexual orientation, gender, color, religion, age, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, citizenship or national origin, and military membership or veteran status, or on any other basis which would be in violation of any applicable federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the company will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship for the company.

If interested, please apply at www.scripps.com/careers.

#LI-CH1

#GD-CH1",3.5,"The E.W. Scripps Company
3.5","Cincinnati, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1878,Company - Public,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
43,Data Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Moser Consulting, a data engineer / bi engineer, performs advanced (senior-level) data analysis and data engineering work. Work involves leading initiatives to create data analytics-driven solutions for critical business objectives. This position represents the data management team to our business partners, and brings technical expertise to citizen BI and data analytics teams across the agency. Sr Consultants may supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Consultants will have supervision and likely work with or under the direction of a Principal or Senior Consultant.
Works closely with customers regarding their specific data needs to develop the requirements for data subject areas needed.
Captures the inventory of data sources and dashboards to prepare and manage integrated data.
Acts as the IT knowledge leader on data warehousing and data analytics to the business.
Ensures data warehouse implementations meet business expectations and coordinates customer acceptance testing and training.
Ensures the customer can exploit the data warehouse solutions and helps identify additional possible uses of information; anticipates future needs and opportunities.
Assists in the identification and integration of potential new data sources.
Designs and develops ELT pipelines that extract data from various sources and load into the data warehouse or other systems.
Ensures that controls to verify the accuracy and consistency of data are implemented and monitored.
Provides ongoing operational support of the enterprise data warehouse, continued development and enhancement of the data warehouse, automation of daily data extracts and external system feeds, and development and enhancement of current dashboards.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer information systems, computer science, data management, information systems or information science or a related field.
High School diploma or equivalent and additional directly related experience may substitute for the required education on a year-for-year basis.
Six (6) years of experience in data warehouse, including dimensional modeling, ETL/ELT pipeline design & development, data management, data analysis, process measurement, and metrics management, or a related discipline.
Two (2) years of experience working closely with business analytics teams and data analysts, including PowerBI (or equivalent) experience with financial and accounting data.
Successful track record of Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse solution implementations (design, implementation, data visualization and ongoing support/maintenance) with extensive interaction with business users.
Emerging data and analytics technologies
Cloud platforms and development patterns
Relational and non-relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices.
Metadata management and associated processes.
Data encryption and secure transmission practices (SSL, SSH, SFTP, Certificates, PKI, OAUTH2).
Machine-learning, statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, predictive analytics.
Microsoft/Azure Certifications, Snowflake Certifications are beneficial.
Preferred Locations: Indianapolis, IN and Baltimore, MD
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
44,Senior Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Senior Data Scientist independently develops statistical models that will enable future growth and profitability for our book of business through appropriate pricing and underwriting of risk. He/she is responsible for the formulation of statistical models and direct application of models to address insurance business issues. You will start your Senior Data Scientist role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Produces complex predictive models which enable the creation of rating plans and evaluation of risk and profitability.
Develops studies that evaluate new business models for customer retention and growth initiatives as well as estimate the lifetime value of customer segments.
Identifies drivers of insurance costs, understanding the economics of customers’ behavior and estimating the expected losses for segments of risks using advanced statistical and analytical techniques on large data sets.
Develop or participate in the development of the overall analytical framework to support the company’s strategy for growth
Communicates analysis, strategy and recommendations to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical.
Collaborates with upper management to assess the potential effects of proposed solutions and incorporates these considerations into recommendations.
Manages projects of high complexity.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
Advanced skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees, Non Parametric estimations, etc.).
Ability to apply various predictive modeling techniques to develop solutions to various real-world problems.
Hands-on experience developing and delivering structured, methodology projects.
Exceptional programming ability in SAS, SQL, R or other programming languages.
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills.
In-depth understanding of database principles and experience working with large databases.
Ability to influence and guide across departmental boundaries.
Qualifications and Education
3 or more years of experience developing and implementing multivariate predictive models using GLM and other statistical methods. PhD in economics, statistics, or related field required.
Or in the alternative, a Master’s degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field (foreign educational equivalent accepted) and five (5) years of experience as indicated above.
High level of organizational and project management experience handling multiple projects simultaneously
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.6,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.6","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
45,Marketing Data Analyst,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:
Can you work in a relationship with other people where it requires ongoing flexibility?
Do you have an upbeat, positive attitude?
Do you take pride in knowing you are helping to make things happen?

If you can answer yes to these questions, Idaho Central Credit Union may have an opportunity ideally suited for you.

As a Marketing Data Analyst, your primary function is to interpret credit union data, analyze results and implement decisions based on the data. You will be responsible for turning data into information and insight that aids in campaign and business decisions. Also you will be responsible for performing a range of functions in support of market research, market assessment and campaign implementation.

Responsibilities:

Assist in managing technical aspects of key marketing systems (marketing automation, CRM, data warehouse) used to generate, distribute, and report.
Establish and maintain scalable processes that ensure best practices in campaign and lead management.
Create and maintain metrics reports on marketing and sales activities, effectiveness, and business impact.
Analyze marketing and sales data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization
Monitor and maintain data quality within the marketing database.
Evaluate new technologies and add-on applications to improve and optimize marketing team performance.
Manage membership targeting to strengthen relationships, prevent attrition, and increase profitability.
Leverage web and email engagement to create member insight and data to help improve individual experiences with our digital channels.
Generate and govern segmentation efforts by developing queries and custom reports, target groups, and campaigns for product and service performance.
Track all marketing campaigns and provide meaningful analysis and insight for future efforts.
Analyze consumer segments and other demographic information from the membership database to provide insight for product development, usage, and cross-sell opportunities.
Manage third-party vendor integration with marketing systems including Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Integrator MCIF, Encompass CRM and Microsoft Power BI.
Represent the Credit Union at community events as needed.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Mass Communication, Advertising or related field. 5-9 years of experience with database marketing required. Preferable experience with: Raddon Integrator MCIF, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, and data warehouse experience. Strong analytical skills. Proficiency in marketing automation systems and integrating those systems with other technologies. Technically capable, excellent communicator and a desire to improve processes. Math skills, Secondary-level computer knowledge including Microsoft Office, especially Excel and pivot tables, etc. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of Credit Union and member records at all times. A demonstrated cooperative and positive attitude toward members and other Credit Union staff. Professional in appearance, attendance, quality, and quantity of work performed. Ability to analyze member needs, develop, and coordinate marketing activities to fit member needs with Credit Union products and services. Must be willing to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot Act as implemented by Idaho Central Credit Union. Team member will be asked to work extended/unique hours.

Perform tasks requiring manual dexterity (processing paperwork, filing, stapling, sorting, collating, typing, counting cash, etc.) Sit for extended periods of time. Lift 20-40 pounds of office supplies (copy paper, computer paper, mail, etc). Some heavy lifting may be required in order to execute proper event logistics. Repetitive motion using wrists, hands, and fingers. Reach keyboards. Ability to operate basic office machines (calculator, computer, telephone, copy machine, fax machine, etc).

Must be eligible for membership at Idaho Central Credit Union to obtain employment.

EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

Idaho Central Credit Union is a dynamic financial institution that is focused on helping our members achieve financial success. Established in 1940 we have become the largest and fastest growing financial institution in the state of Idaho. ICCU was voted for large companies the Best Place to work in Idaho. We have also been named by S&P Global Market Intelligence as the top performing credit union in the nation. We are a talent based organization looking for talented individuals to help our members achieve financial success.",4.2,"Idaho Central Credit Union
4.2","Chubbuck, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
46,Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

The Data Scientist is responsible for leading the design, development, and implementation of advanced quantitative models to evaluate the ITSM environment and to inform a variety of strategic and tactical business decisions. The Data Scientist works collaboratively across the service delivery teams and MSI to build and drive recommendations that translate into practical, measurable actionable insight and process improvements.

What Youll Get to Do:
Builds queries to monitor the IT Service Delivery environment to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management and proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the Service Providers, retained IT, and management teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Lead Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Apply the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Evaluate, analysis and interpret data to develop recommendations for service and process improvement
Lead a team of data analysts to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Define and deliver a solution to clean-up data and provide the appropriate level of data hygiene
Analyze complex data schema (tables, reference, relationships) from multiple data sources/platforms
Define new data collection and analysis processes
Design and develop approaches leading to data automation, integration processes, and improvements
Normalize and redesign existing data schema according to requirements, business direction, and commercial best practices
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Minimum of 5 years experience in the designing data models and conducting statistical data analysis, data manipulation, data visualization, and value modeling and simulations
B.S. in Mathematics, Computer Science or Engineering
A strong understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Experience developing and implementing data dashboards, data automation, and reporting systems to convert data into actionable information
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities
Significant experience with conceptual, logical and physical data modeling
ITIL Foundations certification
Excellent communication skills effectively translating data analysis concepts to a business audience
TS/SCI with Poly
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
M.S. in Statistics, Data Analysis or Information Technology
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Hands-on knowledge working with modeling tools: Tableau, Lime Survey, Strata, VBA, and SPSS
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
BITS3

allspark

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
47,Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want career growth and development opportunities? We also offer relocation assistance.

The Data Scientist in Diversity and Inclusion will be part of a team working on ground floor change that will continue to strengthen St. Judes culture and work environment. We are looking for someone who is very analytical, has strong critical thinking skills, and is a strong communicator. This position will be responsible for using data to unlock trends, build predictive analytics, and provide key insights that are critical for the success of St. Jude operations. Using the data and trends, the selected individual will be presenting charts, graphs, and presentations to St. Jude management teams. The individual will collaborate with other Data Scientists at St. Jude and members of the Diversity and Inclusion team to gain domain knowledge across all areas of the hospital. If this position excites you, please apply and we look forward to reviewing your application.

Perform all data pre-processing steps including but not limited to collecting data in collaboration with Data Engineers, data cleansing, normalization, feature selection and dimensionality reduction

Develop machine learning models or use stochastic models

Document all technical and business aspects associated with each project
Master's degree in Statistics/Mathematics/Business Analytics or related fields is required
Four (4) years of experience in data analytics/reporting required, with at least two (2) of those years of experience in exclusive data science role
Two (2) years in a data scientist role required with a doctoral degree (PhD)
Must possess implementation experience of data science solutions using R/Python/Scala, Matlab, RapidMiner, SAS, Spark, Excel or related technologies
Clinical/Health Care domain experience preferred
Strong background in statistical analysis and root cause analysis is preferred
Strong verbal and written communication skills is preferred
R/Python/Data Scientist/other related certifications preferred
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.",4.7,"St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
4.7","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1962,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
48,Marketing Data Analyst,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description/Responsibilities


Position Summary:Nutrisystem is seeking a Marketing Data Analyst to join its growing Analytics community. This role will develop, manage, and deliver analytical solutions to solve complex business challenges. The Marketing Data Analyst will closely interact with online and offline Marketing, Product Development, Call Center Sales, Retail and Finance to influence key business decisions through fact-driven insights. The ideal candidate will possess excellent analytical and communication skills and have a history of thriving in fast- paced business environments.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

• Develop queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform and prepare data for analysis, ad-hoc and automated reporting and modeling. Create visualizations for variety of projects.

• Support ad-hoc analysis, discussions and conclusions around the efficacy of marketing channels to drive revenue per customer, length of stay and lifetime value.

• Analyze data to describe customer behavior and preferences, understand marketing channel effectiveness, diagnose customer experience problems, size marketing opportunity and measure the impact of marketing initiatives.

• Prepare and deliver insight presentations and recommendations. Communicates complex material in digestible terms appropriate for each audience. Educate company executives and the broader marketing team on analytical findings and implications using storytelling and data visualization techniques.

• Design analytic plans, translating business problems/opportunities into analytic approaches. Engage with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand each business question. Probe for hidden questions and goals. Bring structure to each request and translate requirements into the appropriate analytic approach.

• Participate in special projects and performs other duties as required.

Qualifications


• Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, Information Technology, Computer Science or other quantitative field required. Master’s degree preferred.• Must have minimum of five (5) years of experience working in an analytical role with a history of taking on additional responsibilities with data analysis, measurement reporting

• Must have five (5) years of experience with SQL programming

• Must have minimum of three (3) years of experience working with relational databases and associated data query tools. Experience with cloud databases a plus (e.g. AWS Redshift, Google BigQuery, Snowflake).

• Must have proficiency in data visualization and report writing technologies using at least one of the following Business Intelligence tools Tableau, Power BI, QLIK or SAS. Knowledge of Looker preferred.

• Domain experience in marketing analytics: customer acquisition, digital marketing, response modeling, identifying customer needs, predicting customer behavior, next best offer, churn, customer lifetime value preferred

• Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy

• Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience presenting to senior executives distilling complex concepts into actionable recommendations

• Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including pivot tables, data manipulation and analysis

• Ability to work in a team-oriented environment.

About Tivity Health:

Tivity Health® (Nasdaq: TVTY) is a leading provider of healthy life-changing solutions, including SilverSneakers®, Nutrisystem®, Prime® Fitness, Wisely Well™, South Beach Diet® and WholeHealth Living®. We are actively addressing the social determinants of health, defined as the conditions in which we work, live and play. From improving health outcomes to reversing the narrative on inactivity, food insecurity, social isolation and loneliness, we are making a difference and are transforming the way we do health. Learn more at TivityHealth.com.

Tivity Health is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a proactive program of diversity development. Tivity Health will continue to recruit, hire, train, and promote into all job levels without regard to race, religion, gender, marital status, familial status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or veteran status.",3.1,"Tivity Health
3.1","Fort Washington, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1981,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
49,Data Science Software Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Schneider organization is seeking an experienced Data Science Software Engineer to be responsible for the creation of tools and applications that enable complex Advanced Analytics solutions within the enterprise. You will create conceptual prototypes to test new concepts, develop advanced analytics systems to solve challenging business problems, and deploy these tools and systems into the business and monitor their effectiveness and usefulness. You will also research the use of purchased and open-source technologies and concepts that support the creation of tools and systems for use by technical and non-technical users.

About the role:
Provide expert technical guidance in project working groups. Will frequently be asked to lead technical project discussions.
Gather requirements, design, develop, test, implement, and support applications developed across various development environments and in various languages.
Work with the Engineering team to develop and apply heuristics and mathematical concepts, such as natural language processing (NLP), simulation, optimization, machine learning, and statistical models to business problems. Develops state-of-the-art advanced analytics solutions for complex business problems.
Create prototype applications for complex solutions to implement approved concepts, actively guides and monitors the prototype when deployed to key users, transitions the prototype into a production system and provides production-support after implementation.
Follow appropriate development methodologies while developing applications.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Our ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field, plus a minimum of 5 years of IT work experience in systems analysis, designing, programming, system admin, implementation and maintenance of applications within an application domain; or the equivalent.
Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.
Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.
Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.
Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.
Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.
Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.

Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com/.
Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
50,Data Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Engineer to help develop our new Google Cloud data platform and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As part of our Data Engineering team in our Data Science department, the Data Engineer will:
Build out our new GCP data platform and collaborate on architectural patterns for it with the Data Engineering team
Support the development of machine learning models with productionizing, monitoring and alerting tools
Write, update, and maintain ETL jobs across our data pipelines (mostly in Airflow)
Implement continuous improvements using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be expected to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Consult to software engineers on data-related changes to BDT’s suite of software applications, including schema/model design, table structure, and data collection
Engage with colleagues and collaborators using curiosity, critical thinking, a drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact
Follow existing data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Engineer reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience (typically 3-5 years as a Data Engineer):
Communication and Relationship-building – with technical peers and some stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Implementation, of data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline development to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – on-system service management, typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – proficient understanding of relational data structures and schemas; some familiarity with semi-structured, unstructured (big data) schemas
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – creating these tools based on existing designs and frameworks; resolving bugs and issues
Cloud engineering – working towards certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – understands standards for file formats and transfer methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
o Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and methods
o Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.2,"Benefits Data Trust
3.2","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
51,Data Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Role

The Spur Group is looking for a Data Engineer to join our Data& AI organization. As a Data Engineer, you will lead the design, implementation, and successful delivery of large-scale, critical, and complex data architecture, storage, and pipelines that improve the lives of tens of millions of people every single day. Best of all, you’ll be part of a team-centric culture where fellow consultants and managers support you and encourage you to grow every day.

What You'll Do
Build large-scale distributed data processing systems, data lakes, and optimize for both computational and storage efficiency on cloud platforms like AWS.
Design, implement and automate data pipelines sourcing data from internal and external systems, transforming the data for the optimal needs of various systems.
Design data schema and operate cloud-based data warehouses and SQL database systems.
Write Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) jobs
Design, implement and automate integrations with analytical tool (i.e., jupyter, excel, SAS) and business intelligence (i.e., PowerBI, Tableau) tools
Own the design, development and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions.
Drive architectural plans and implementation for future data storage, ETL, reporting, and analytic solutions.
Provide insightful code reviews, receive code reviews constructively and take ownership of outcomes (“you ship it, you own it”), working very efficiently and routinely deliver the right things in the front-end UI area.
Who You Are (What you'd bring to Spur)
You have a background in data and software engineering and a passion to learn.
You've made mistakes in the past and have learned a lot from them. You apply this learning regularly.
You believe there are generally multiple ways to solve a technical problem, each with different trade-offs.
You approach projects, tasks, and unknowns with curiosity, and enjoy sharing what you know and what you learn with the people around you.
You believe that a team is strongest when it is diverse and includes multiple perspectives.
You are able to put yourself into your customer's shoes. You frequently immerse yourself in the customer experience to understand how you can better serve them.
Requirements
BS in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent in relevant work experience.
Experience implementing big data processing technology: Hadoop, Apache Spark, etc.
3+ years of Coding proficiency in at least one modern programming language (Python, Ruby, Java, etc.).
Experience writing and optimizing advanced SQL queries in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets.
3+ years experience in cloud-first design, preferably AWS (VPC, Serverless databases and functions, dynamic autoscaling, container orchestration, etc.).
Experience in data architecture, databases (e.g., MySQL, Redshift, PostgreSQL), SQL and DDD/ER/ORM design.
Interest and curiosity in emerging technologies on the web like GraphQL, web assembly, Lambda functions, MLaaS, etc
Knowledge of software engineering practices& best practices for the software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.
Why Spur

We are go-to-market consultants who drive results that matter. As the leading authority on go-to-market solutions, we act as an extension of our client teams, providing the support, tools, and strategies to achieve important outcomes. If you tackle challenges with unmatched persistence and believe learning is critical to ongoing growth, we want you on our team.

At The Spur Group, we’re committed to diversity, inclusion, equity and belonging. We live and breathe our core values of Inclusion, Courage, Accountability, Respect and Excellence, and we hope to see them in every employee. Visit our to learn more about us and why we’ve been voted one of the best places to work in Seattle.

The Spur Group is an equal employment opportunity employer. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive culture that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We consider all candidates regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or characteristic protected by federal, state, and local law.",3.6,"The Spur Group
3.6","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
52,Data Scientist,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"A trusted partner at nearly three million commercial customer locations, Ecolab (ECL) is the global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services. With annual sales of $13 billion and more than 45,000 associates, Ecolab delivers comprehensive solutions, data-driven insights and personalized service to advance food safety, maintain clean and safe environments, optimize water and energy use, and improve operational efficiencies and sustainability for customers in the food, healthcare, hospitality and industrial markets in more than 170 countries around the world.

Ecolabs Institutional division, serving the restaurant and hospitality market, is seeking a business focused Data Scientist to unlock the value in data assets while creating new and unique offerings for customers. As a data scientist in the Advanced Analytics organization, you will play a pivotal role in planning, executing and delivering machine learning-based projects. The bulk of the work will be in machine learning (ML) modelling, management and problem analysis, data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration, as well as operationalization. You will be a key interface between the advanced analytics team and the business unit and various other departments (such as IT). Candidates need to be very much self-driven, curious and creative.

In this role, we are looking for:
A problem-solving mindset with the ability to understand business challenges and how to apply your analytics expertise to solve them.
The unique person who can present complex mathematical solutions in a simple manner that most will understand including customers.
An individual excited by innovation and new technology and eager to finds ways to employ these innovations in practice.
A team mentality empowered by the ability to work with a diverse set of individuals.
Whats in it For You:
Opportunity to take on some of the worlds most meaningful challenges, helping customers achieve clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments.
Ability to make an impact and shape your career with a company that is passionate about growth.
Support of an organization that believes it is vital to include and engage diverse people, perspectives and ideas to achieve our best.
What you will do:
Problem Analysis and Project Management.
Inspire the organization about the business potential and strategy of artificial intelligence.
Collaborate across the business to understand IT and business constraints.
Manage data science projects and the corresponding key performance indicators (KPIs) for success.
Data Collection and Integration.
Understand new data sources and process pipelines and catalog/document them.
Acquire access to various databases and other sources systems such as SQL or graph databases.
Create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.
Data Exploration and Preparation.
Apply statistical analysis and visualization techniques to various data.
Generate hypotheses about the underlying mechanics of the business process.
Test hypotheses using various quantitative methods.
Display drive and curiosity to understand the business process to its core.
Network with domain experts to better understand the business mechanics that generated the data.
Machine Learning.
Apply various ML and advanced analytics techniques to perform classification or prediction tasks.
Acquire domain knowledge and integrate it into ML solutions, for example, from an understanding of financial risk, customer journey, quality prediction, sales, marketing.
Testing of ML models, such as cross-validation, A/B testing, bias and fairness.
Operationalization.
Collaborate with ML operations, data engineers, and IT to deploy ML solutions.
Follow established best practices around ML production infrastructure.
Network with internal and external partners.
Upskill yourself (through conferences, publications, courses, local academia and meetups).
Collaboration with other technical teams within the organization.
Encourage and leverage the reuse of artifacts.
Be encouraged and expected to innovate and be creative in your data analysis, problem solving and presentation of solutions.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics with 3+ years related experience, or
Masters Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics with 1+ years of related experience
Experience working with statistics/analytics/visualization tools, preferably in the Microsoft Azure Suite.
Preferred Qualifications:
Ph.D. degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics.
Experience working in Python/SQL/Jupyter.
Self-driven, curious and creative with a collaborative mindset.
Demonstrated ability to work in diverse, cross-functional teams in a dynamic business environment.
Strong communication and presentation skills.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Ecolab, we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran.

In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. Ecolab is a place where you can grow your career, own your future and impact what matters.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.",3.7,"Ecolab
3.7","Saint Paul, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1923,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
53,Senior Data Analyst,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Company Overview:

Guided by a mission to help, ABILITY, an Inovalon company, is a leading information technology company helping healthcare providers and payers simplify administrative and clinical complexity by enabling data-driven improvements in healthcare.

Through specialized, easy-to-use applications and data analytics that work together, customers of all types and sizes across the continuum of care – rely on ABILITY to help optimize reimbursement, care quality and staffing.

Our employee philosophy is simple: We hire smart, talented people and trust them to do their thing. As part of ABILITY, you’ll grow with a company that wants you to succeed. To support you, we provide the teams, the latitude, the support and the culture so you can try new things, broaden your experience, and grow and succeed with us. Join our team and help make ABILITY a great place to do great work.

Job Purpose:

There are two primary outcomes of this Senior Data Analyst role. The first outcome is to provide analysis and reporting to leadership to drive the business forward. The second outcome is to keep our systems and data warehouse efficient and accurate through writing efficient SQL code, designing automated reporting, and providing recommendations to committees for further process/workflow automation. This role will be interacting with all departments and job roles, from the bottom of the org chart up to the President of ABILITY and will require strong communication and technical skills.

Responsibilities


Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Developer of ad-hoc, automated, and recurring reporting enterprise wide (Executive Team, Finance, Marketing, Sales, Sales Operations, Customer Operations, IT, Development, Product Management)
Develop and maintain a database and reporting structure in order to remain the primary source of data analytics and reporting within the company
Communicate your analysis and reporting in an easy to understand way through presentations, email, and with proper documentation.
Learn & maintain an in-depth knowledge of the processes relevant to data analytics that are in place for each department while identifying areas for process improvement and working to fix them
Perform month end variance analyses to understand in detail the drivers for variations in financials and various other 'ad-hoc' analyses as requested to help identify what is happening within the business
Lead, encourage, and support all analysts with reporting, insights, project review, and training in our data measures and structures
Research and implement new reporting solutions, both with internal applications and external applications in order to utilize our technology to the fullest
Maintain compliance with Inovalon’s policies, procedures and mission statement;
Adhere to all confidentiality and HIPAA requirements as outlined within Inovalon’s Operating Policies and Procedures in all ways and at all times with respect to any aspect of the data handled or services rendered in the undertaking of the position;
Fulfill those responsibilities and/or duties that may be reasonably provided by Inovalon for the purpose of achieving operational and financial success of the Company;
Uphold responsibilities relative to the separation of duties for applicable processes and procedures within your job function; and
We reserve the right to change this job description from time to time as business needs dictate and will provide notice of such.
Qualifications
BA/BS in Finance, Accounting or related Data Analysis field
Minimum 5 years of related experience
Expert knowledge in Microsoft Office suite including Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
Ability to write complex SQL queries required
Experience with Tableau required
Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) required
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrate ability to work effectively with others within a complex, fast paced organization required
Capability to work independently when needed, with strong “executive presence”
Merger and acquisition experience a plus


Travel: 0%",3.0,"Ability Network
3.0","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
54,CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are hiring an experienced CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst to help us keep growing.
If you’re dedicated and ambitious, Eye-bot is an excellent place to grow your career. Don’t hesitate to apply.
Required Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of experience preparing existing conditions’ surveys
Proficient with the following software’s:
Microstation / OpenRoads
ContextCapture
AutoCAD / Civil3D
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams, etc.)
Google Earth Pro
Photogrammetric and/or LiDAR point clouds, Topography, Point classification, and DTM/DSM processing
Triangular Irregular Networks (T.I.N.) / Contours
Preferred Qualifications
Boundary and ALTA/NSPS Land Title surveys
Photogrammetric Mapping Experience
Working knowledge of conventional surveying equipment and GPS
Experience using terrestrial/mobile LiDAR, and Unmanned Aerial Systems
Adobe Creative Suite
Bluebeam pdf editor
Understanding trigonometric mathematics and data collection used in surveying
Understanding and applications using and applying different coordinate systems and projections.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Coordinate with project managers to ensure that multiple projects with simultaneous deadlines are completed on schedule (manage workloads and tasks for self and others)
Communicate with project teams via email and phone regularly throughout the design process
Field-to-Finish data import field data to create CAD files for various uses in engineering, design, and construction in both 2D and 3D CAD environments.
CAD drafting skills; knowledge regarding land surveying; courthouse research
Point cloud processing, Point classification, DTM/DSM surface creation
Develop quality products, using industry and client standards under the direct supervision of a Professional Land Surveyor
Position Details
Competitive compensation
Casual attire throughout the week
Friendly, open, and team-oriented work atmosphere
Excellent benefits for full-time employees including medical, vision, and dental
Eye-bot is an equal opportunity employer",5.0,"Eye-bot Aerial Solutions
5.0","New Kensington, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
55,Senior Data Analyst,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Please do not apply through Glassdoor; the application form needs to be completed in order to be considered. TO APPLY, VISIT: https://grnh.se/eb8d01633us.

About Us: At Emendata, we help bridge the gap between data and the real world. We partner with organizations that have a social mission and help them tackle their problems using analytics. Our role in these partnerships goes end to end—we handle everything from wrangling the data to analyzing the problem to turning the results into something actionable. Importantly, we understand that this analytics pipeline does not live in a vacuum. Getting to meaningful numbers requires more than just the right methods; it calls for understanding the people, policies, data, and systems involved. With this approach, our small but fast-growing team is having a big impact, taking on challenges like using analytics to combat fraud, waste, and abuse in Medicare.
About the Role: This role leads the way in producing analytics that reflect a deep level of understanding and a high degree of quality. We are looking for you to:
Take analyses from end to end: Understand the client’s problem, identify the right research question, plan the methodology, corral the data, code the analysis, interpret the results, craft the deliverable, and communicate the story
Apply a research mentality: Use all tools at our disposal (documentation, policy regulations, data investigations, etc.) to make sound analytic decisions
Help the team deliver its best work: Turn direction from clients/senior staff into tactical plans and work closely with data analysts to help them implement (conducting code reviews, teaching/reinforcing analytic strategies, etc.)
This role will be a good fit for people who naturally push towards progress and are undeterred when that requires a lot of effort or stepping into unfamiliar territory. Emendata is growing rapidly, and we are looking for people who are excited to march forward together.
Qualifications: If you do not meet all the criteria below but still think you would be a good fit for this role, please apply so we can see if we can find the right spot for you on the team. We value experience but also welcome aptitude and enthusiasm.
Education: Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent technical training
Programming: Experience with SAS is a must (comfortable with SAS macro language, advanced DATA step techniques such as hashes, and PROC SQL); experience with Python, Stata, R, or SQL is a plus
Technical Mentorship: Demonstrated experience with reviewing code and providing feedback
Data Management: Comfortable with the process of importing, cleaning, and preparing data for analysis in a reproducible way
Analysis: Exceptional problem-solving skills with a good understanding of statistical/social science research methods; 4+ years hands-on experience in an analytics role (e.g., economic consulting)
Working Style: Intellectually curious (keep pulling on threads until finding an answer), enterprising (eager to tackle the unknown and find a way to make things happen), and collaborative (work with others to explore, build, tear down, and build again)
To be considered for this position, applicants must have the ability to work in the U.S. without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
About the Interview Process: We want both sides to learn what it would be like to work together. Part way through the interview process, we incorporate a lightweight at-home exercise that serves as the basis for a technical interview. The exercise gives us an outlet to show you what kind of problems this role would tackle and offers you an opportunity to show us how you would approach the work.",-1,Emendata,"Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
56,Data Analysts- 2-5+ Years of Experience! Virtual Hiring Event,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Transurban Virtual Hiring Event! Live Chat With Hiring Managers!

Event Details
Date: Thursday, October 1, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Data Analysts- 2-5+ Years of Experience!

Financial Analysts- 2-5+ Years of Experience!

Intake Details:

Requirements

If you have ANY combination of the skills listed below- WE WANT TO MEET YOU!

Data Compliance, Financial Data Analytics, Financial Data Modeling & Reconciliation

Systems Data & Trend Analysis

Presentation of Analyzed Data

Tableau, SQL, Excel

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the video interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

Smart Phone Tablet PC Laptop Internet Connection

What to bring to this event

Prior to Registering for this event-PLEASE send a copy of your resume to BKaliko@transurban.com

Review current job postings on our website

What to wear

Dress code is Please be comfortable but presentable!.

About Transurban

As one of the world’s largest toll-road operators, everything we do works to get people where they want to go, as quickly and safely as possible – from designing and building new roads to researching new vehicle and road safety technology.

Our community and sustainability activities include: developing apps and other tools to make travel easier; consulting with residents living near our roads and projects; building partnerships and providing community grants; and working with community groups to support customers going through tough times.

We also pioneer new solutions to manage our environmental impacts and help mitigate the impacts of climate change.

If the time slot that works best for you isn't available, please email Sara.Resti@hudsonrpo.com to see if we can accommodate you.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!",3.3,"Transurban
3.3","Tysons Corner, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
57,Data Science Engineer Full Stack - AI,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Science Engineer Full Stack - AI

Overview

Our ideal candidate has AI and development experience combined with a passion for design, user experience, analytics, and customer success.

Responsibilities:
Design and assist in the development of high-quality, scalable, and maintainable data science frameworks
Work with other developers to design and implement data science features in support of established security and acceptance criteria in collaboration with product owners
Work with engineers, designers, and analysts to deliver innovative AI product feature enhancements
Provide on-going development support as needed
Assist in the development of feature and support documentation
Assist the QA team with feature and regression testing for feature acceptance
Interface with the core engineering, product, and DevOps teams as necessary to ensure success of Data Science products from development, design, and infrastructure perspectives
Develop and maintain adherence to product management processes throughout the organization.
Help create compelling user experiences
Create and deliver on project timelines
BryterCX is the leading company in providing a Journey Intelligence SaaS solution to organizations in order to improve their customers experiences by removing friction and optimizing every function and channel. We make the world better by making business experiences better. The BryterCX Journey Management Suite - IRIS - provides organizations with the ability to increase revenue by lowering attrition, decreasing costs by reducing analog channels, and improving the overall experience by matching the right experience to the customer.

Qualifications:
Proficiency designing and implementing multi-tenant services powering data science calculations with such technologies as modern Python in a distributed computing ecosystem
Awareness of tools used in manipulation of large, complex datasets for use in analytic use cases using tools such as Python, Spark, PostgreSQL, Go. In addition, some experience with pyspark, tensorflow, numpy and pandas would be helpful
Knowledge of statistical methods, models and process and how they are applied to data cleaning processing and prediction
Familiarity with UI languages and platforms across all application layers including JavaScript
Experience with continuous integration and deployment on Jenkins
Familiarity with data sets in myriad of formats and storage technologies/databasessuch as HDFS, Avro, CSV, JSON
Ability to work within an iterative software development lifecycle, under Agile development processes
Proficiency with common software engineering best practices, such as pairing, test-driven development (TDD), writing unit and integration tests, and participating in code reviews
Excellent written and verbal communication
Hands-on self starter
Authorization to work for any employer in the US required.

Powered by JazzHR",2.8,"BryterCX
2.8",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
58,Data Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

NJVC, LLC

Company Job Title: Data Engineer

Clearance: Top Secret with ability to obtain SCI

Location: Springfield, VA

Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular

Summary:

The Data Engineer will work with product owners and data stewards to deliver high quality technical solutions in response to business requirements. You will be counted on to provide your peers with technical expertise that will offer solutions for difficult programming problems.

Duties and Responsibilities:

SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including UI and custom code features.
Write or create stored procedures, SQL scripts, SSIS packages that can be used to:
Move data from source databases to target databases
Clean / Condition data
Convert or transform data
Reconcile and confirm converted data
Find data errors
Validate data to business rules
Ability to examine existing ETL scripts and track data back to source
SQL Server administration, tuning, and workbench.
Work with business experts to understand data and complete data mappings.
Focus on the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) jobs currently using Microsoft SQL, Server, and SSIS.
The environment currently supports hundreds of related ETL jobs that move data between 30 different source systems and between multiple classifications.
Part of the challenge as a data engineer will be to find scalable and efficient coding solutions that plug into this extensible system in order to add more data to the Enterprise data store.
Other duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of relevant experience with the following software / tools:
Experience with Microsoft SQL
Prior experience supporting IC/DoD
The existing data warehouse is built on Microsoft SQL hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), so experience developing solutions that scale well in these environments is a plus.
Active Top-Secret Clearance with ability to obtain SCI

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Ability to work independently and yet be effective within a team setting
Must be capable of managing multiple efforts with time related constraints in a fast-paced contracting environment
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholder groups and individuals
Friendly presence, helpful attitude, good interpersonal skills, and ability to work well with others.
Excellent skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other Office applications
Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, and experience working in a home office setting as well as the ability to train end users on frequently asked technical issues.
Ability to provide technical assistance and support over the phone; good phone skills, professional demeanor, previous customer service experience strongly desired.

Good problem-solving skills; ability to visualize a problem/situation and think abstractly to solve it

Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.

Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)

The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.

Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-Springfield

Organization: NJVC

Strategic Business Unit: Military Intelligence and Operations Support

Security Requirements: Top Secret

Job Schedule: Full Time Exempt

Recruiter: Jonas Patterson

Req ID: 2000001203",2.9,"Chenega Corporation
2.9","Springfield, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
59,"Data Scientist, Health Economics & Advanced Analytics",$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Avalere Health is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Health Economics & Advanced Analytics (HEAA) Practice. The HEAA practice works with life sciences companies and other healthcare sectors to quantify and communicate the real-world value of healthcare interventions and to align our clients’ business strategies with the evidentiary demands of an increasingly value-driven marketplace. We are driven by deep subject matter expertise, differentiated and proprietary real-world data assets, and an emphasis on sound business strategy coupled with rigorous research and advanced analytic capabilities. The data scientist will serve at the Research Scientist II level and lead and participate in the conceptualization, execution, and delivery of analyses in health economics, comparative effectiveness, performance measure development and testing, outcomes research, and epidemiology.

Responsibilities

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:


Lend deep statistical, epidemiological, and/or econometric expertise to the development of proposals, statements of work, and study protocols/statistical analysis plans
Perform descriptive and advanced statistical analyses using large patient and/or claims databases in support of data mining, predictive modeling, and health outcomes research projects
Develop and author study reports, scientific publications, conference abstracts, and posters
Independently manage workflow and make direct contributions to the research process
Collaborate with cross-functional project teams (project leads, project managers, programmers, research assistants, etc.) to support exceptional execution for clients
Support the growth and development of junior staff focused on related areas
Qualifications

Skills, Experience, and Other Job Related Requirements:


Minimum Requirements:
MA/MS or PhD in epidemiology, data science, health economics, health policy, pharmacy administration, public health, statistics, or related discipline
5+ years of consulting, healthcare, or pharmaceutical/device industry experience
Broad technical knowledge of computational science, including applied statistics, econometrics, predictive modeling, and/or AI/machine learning theory and methods
Proficiency designing and executing observational/outcomes research studies using large administrative medical and pharmacy claims, EMR, and other data derived from various public and private databases
5+ years of experience using statistical software packages such as SAS, R, Python, and/or STATA
3+ years of SQL programming experience
Knowledge of advanced analytics, AI/machine learning theory and methods, and/or econometrics
Experience presenting research results at scientific conferences and/or a record of peer-reviewed publications
Additional Skills and Competencies:
Consulting background preferred
Excellent writing, project management, communication, and presentation skills
Ability to independently manage multiple work streams with limited supervision
Demonstrated problem solving, analytical reasoning, and decision-making skills and strong commitment to meeting goals and deadlines
Excellent teamwork skills and ability to work in a fast-paced, multi-disciplinary environment
Self-motivated with a positive, flexible attitude",3.2,"Avalere Health
3.2","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
60,Data Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer Northern, VA

Data Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Data Engineers to design and implement distributed, cloud-native data pipelines, storage systems, and query support. These capabilities will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on enabling machine learning and automation. Teams will be working in an Agile development environment and expected to identify and mitigate risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Architect, design, and implement updates and enhancements to data repositories and indices to support data ingest, enrichment, analysis, visualization, and dissemination
Perform database engineering and management activities associated with designing, developing, maintaining, and enhancing Big Data analytic systems using an Agile DevSecOps model
Integrate data from multiple sources in batches and real-time
Review, design, and develop data quality management processes and automated procedures intended to produce high levels of data integrity
Research and recommend solutions to complex problems
Oversee code reviews and delivering feedback regarding designs/code
Perform research and development and provide technical support to identify and integrate new and emerging technologies into the data environment
Design and implement storage and indexing strategies to provide efficient storage and retrieval to support visualizations such as graph-based and geospatial indices
Support design and development of data access APIs that allow enterprise access (as appropriate) to data
Develop or provide input to engineering artifacts associated with the data repositories
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Experience with SQL databases
Data transformation experience with scripting (Python, Java, Perl, PL/SQL) or platforms such as Spark, Talend, Knime, or Pentaho
Strong problem-solving skills
Good written and oral communications skills
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
Familiarity with SQL query engines, preferably PrestoDB or SparkSQL
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Experience integrating open API based data access and processing
DOD8570 IAT Level 1 or 2 certified (A+, Security+, etc. certification)
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
61,Data Engineer,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why you'll love working here:

Zylotech is a fast-growing company that rewards autonomy and creativity. Our team works hard, is fast and collaborative, and we encourage personal growth. There are many opportunities to work with other departments where you can interact with some incredibly talented people.

What you’ll do:
Coordinate with Product management and technical stakeholders to continue building our SaaS product data + decision pipe
Perform architecture design, data modeling, and implementation of Big Data platform or Data pipe
Architect and develop big data solutions on either AWS or GCP cloud platforms
Set up and manage big data infrastructure to ingest and process data from multiple sources for Enterprise customer deployment
Create scalable & robust data pipelines to transfer data from source to destination data stores
Player and coach across a team of big data engineers, ML engineers, data scientist towards agile shipping of features and milestone
What we seek:
Prior experience in building, developing, architect scalable big data applications from grounds up preferably in product startups.
2+ years of experience in Data Engineering
Experience working with Big Data stack, Big Map Reduce, Hive, Kafka, Impala, Hadoop, Big Query, Spark SQL, Spark Streaming, HBase etc
Experience in Databases (NoSQL and SQL)
Experience in creating Data-warehouses and scheduling automated ETL jobs
Experience in Docker and Kubernetes
Good Communication Skill, both verbal & written. Confident in communicating with business & technical stakeholders alike.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field of study.
Important Personal Attributes:
You are curious about technology & science.
Team matters.
Challenging yourself is an intrinsic part of who you are.
Sharing and debating ideas to get to the right answer is important to you.
You seek to act and don’t wait to be told.
You like to teach those around you.
You are serious about your work but also believe that laughter and levity are important.
You work hard and you also have passions outside of work that enrich your life.
Winning is important to you, but so is how you win.
You take pride & ownership in building a Product and company who is disrupting an industry.
About Zylotech:

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.",3.4,"Zylotech
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
62,Marketing Data Analyst,$77k-$128k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


As a key member of the Analytics team, the Marketing DataAnalyst will be responsible for data-driven insights that enable eFinancial and Fidelity Life Association to optimize business processes and grow rapidly. The Marketing Data Analyst will gather, organize and aggregate large sets of data in order to produce meaningful business insight in areas such as lead management, call center effectiveness, marketing spend effectiveness, and revenue generation. If you would love being an owner-operator of a fast-growing complex online business with modern technology stacks, building analytical and infrastructure solutions, and driving profitability via analytics, the Senior Marketing Analyst role is for you!

Responsibilities
Own the end-to-end lead performance management analytics to maximize risk-adjusted lifetime value generated by converting marketing spend into revenue
Develop lead / traffic forecasts by marketing channel, interpret sales conversion data, analyze and monitor results and recommend adjustments to keep marketing spend efficiency on track
Develop point solutions such as dynamic bidding models to guide lead and media buy
Work effectively with cross-functional partners in Business Intelligence, Marketing, and Finance to keep data initiatives on track, and provide periodic sales lead performance reporting to management team
Extract/extrapolate trends from competitor, user behavior, and market positioning analyses and recommend tangible opportunities for Business Development teams to maximize value of marketing relationships
Qualifications
Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause/ analyses
Strong verbal and written communications skills that enable you to explain complex insights with clarity and precision to executive management
Experience developing insights across various areas of customer related data: financial, product and marketing
Proficiency in MS SQL/MySQL, Tableau/PowerBI and mastery of Microsoft Suite (Excel)
Knowledge of cloud-based data structures including Redshift, and programming languages such as Python a huge plus
An analytical mindset with relevant education such as a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Finance or any related field
2-5 years of experience as a Data/Business/Financial Analyst with large, complex data sources
EEOC/Other


eFinancial is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workplace. As an eFinancial employee, you will be eligible for Medical and Dental Insurance, Health Savings Accounts, Flexible Spending Accounts (Health, Dependent Care & Transit), Vision Care, 401(K), Short-term and Long-term Disability, Life and AD&D coverages.",3.6,"Efinancial
3.6",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
63,"Data Scientist (JavaScript, Python, SQL, Geospatial) REMOTE",$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Tasks and Responsibilities
· Propose, design, develop, and implement new ways to visualize geospatial data for a variety of projects in JavaScript/React. The focus of this role will be more on prototyping and research visualizations rather than building enterprise systems.
· Build and curate geospatial data sets, integrating remote sensing, proximal sensing, and field trial measurements
· Create filters and aggregations with geospatial data sets, e.g. averaging measurements per unit area across time
· Provide data science input across the project including data ingestion, data cleansing and wrangling, visualization, and downstream analyses required to tell stories present in our data
· Assist in website creation and maintenance during prototyping phase
· Work with users to incorporate feedback regarding usability and information content of geospatial visualizations
· Evaluate the limitations of existing data sources and provide recommendations to address unmet data needs
· Work in close collaboration with scientists to identify opportunities for state-of-the art integrative data science and visual analytics projects
· Be accountable for & ensure solutions meet business requirements
· Write robust and well-documented research code
· Engage with diverse research groups to understand their models and products and develop visualization solutions to meet their data needs
· Undertake written & verbal communication with stakeholders in various parts of the organization
· Deliver results in a timely and efficient manner
· Be part of innovative data analytics projects by creating novel scientific and/or business insights and knowledge across R&D phases and technologies

Qualifications & Competencies
· Masters with a focus in Math, Statistics, Informations Systems Management, Computer Science or GIS; PhD with scientific visualization experience preferred
· 5+ years of relevant development experience with recent experience in JavaScript, Python & SQL with a focus on scientific/geospatial visualizations
· 1+ year of experience with geospatial visualizations preferred
· Experience working with AWS cloud tools and Domino data science platform
· Strong organizational skills, interpersonal skills, written and oral communications
· Strong problem solving and proven project delivery skills
· Demonstrated experience with global multi-disciplinary teams
· Creative, proactive, bold and out-of-box thinking",4.3,"The Syllogisteks Company
4.3","Cary, NC",-1,Unknown,1992,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
64,"Data Scientist, Product Analytics",$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. Were looking for Data Scientists to work on our core and business products (ex. Instagram, Messenger, FB App, Ads, What's App, Integrity, etc.) to help shape the future of what we build at Facebook. You will enjoy working with one of the richest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. You should have a background in a quantitative or technical field, experience working with large data sets, and experience in data-driven decision making. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product. Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches The Data Scientist Analytics role has work across the following four areas: Product Operations: Forecasting and setting product team goals. Designing and evaluating experiments. Monitoring key product metrics. Understanding root causes of changes in metrics. Building and analyzing dashboards and reports. Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis. Evaluating and defining metrics Exploratory Analysis: Proposing what to build in the next roadmap. Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends. Identifying new levers to help move key metrics. Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems Product Leadership: Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations. Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams. Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams Data Infrastructure: Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica. Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL framework Bachelors/Masters/PhD 4+ years of experience doing complex quantitative analysis and working with distributed (i.e. Hive, Hadoop or similar databases) or highly complex datasets 4+ years of experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, MATLAB) 4+ years of experience with applied statistics or experimentation (i.e. A/B testing) in an industry setting 2+ years of experience communicating the results of analyses to leadership teams to influence the strategy Experience in a consumer technology company 6+ years of experience in all the above minimums Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.",4.5,"Facebook
4.5","Austin, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
65,Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"PIC Groups client is currently seeking a Data Scientist for a Direct hire position in Atlanta, GA!

As part of its continued business development program PIC has established a Remote Operating Center (ROC) within its Atlanta, GA Corporate Office with the capability to monitor, operate and evaluate plant anywhere in the world. The current focus of the ROC is wind, solar, reciprocating engine and simple cycle gas turbine-based power plant but coverage is also provided for process plant and other industrial facilities.

In order to provide the maximum value to its Clients PIC has a requirement to analyze and interpret the large quantity of plant data being received and stored in the ROC. While day-to-day operational issues are handled by our team of experience control room operators we have now identified a requirement for a Data Scientist to join our team to develop and implement the data analysis techniques and systems by which we can provide additional insight to improve facility availability, efficiency and performance.

In this role, you should be highly analytical with a proven talent for data analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are considered essential for interpreting data, and a passion for machine-learning and research will be a key requirement of the job.

Responsible for analyzing large amounts of raw information to identify patterns and trends that will help improve our performance and that of our Clients. An additional responsibility will be the identification and selection of the necessary tools and support required to accomplish these goals. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights and help our company to make better decisions.

Objectives of this Role
•Collaborate with PIC management and operations to develop an understanding of needs.
•Identifying the data-analytics problems that offer the greatest opportunities to the organization
•Determining the correct data sets and variables
•Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources
•Clean and validate the data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity
•Devise and apply models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data
•Analyze the data to identify patterns and trends
•Interpret the data to discover solutions and opportunities
•Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges
•Collaborate with engineering, sales and operations teams
•Communicate findings to stakeholders using visualization and other means
•Evaluate and select software tools and systems to support the data analysis process
•Keep current with technical and industry developments
•Write case studies and papers to promote PIC’s capabilities for presentation at industry shows and for industry publications.

Required Experience:

•Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related discipline
•Problem-solving aptitude
•5+ years demonstrable successful experience in data science
•Proficiency with data mining, mathematics, and statistical analysis
•Understanding of machine-learning and operations research
•Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset
•Advanced pattern recognition and predictive modeling experience
•Analytical mind and business acumen
•Excellent communication and presentation skills
•Comfortable working in a dynamic, results-oriented group with multiple ongoing concurrent projects

Preferred Experience and Qualifications:
•Familiarity with, and understanding of, power generation technologies including wind, solar, reciprocating engine and gas turbines.
•Previous experience analyzing and interpreting power plant data
•Master’s or PhD degree in stats, applied math, or related discipline
•2+ years of project management experience.

We are proud to offer competitive wages and benefits. Prior to beginning work, all applicants must be willing to submit to a drug and alcohol screen as well as a background check, inclusive of criminal. We seek out and employ talented individuals who meet the qualifications for each position. PIC Group, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Due to the large number of responses we receive to our postings, only those applicants with the required experience and qualifications will be contacted.",2.9,"PIC Group Inc.
2.9","Atlanta, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1988,Company - Private,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
66,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Deep Learning & Algorithms),$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB TITLE

Research Engineer-Deep Learning Theory and Algorithms
Requisition ID

DSA31988
OVERVIEW
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for research engineers at all levels. Candidate will work as part of a team on research and development of algorithms and theory of machine learning. Candidate will research fundamental theoretical aspects of deep learning as well as develop novel techniques to advance the theory and practice of deep learning. Candidate can also apply the developed theory and algorithms to advance the performance of multimedia applications, such as computer vision, augmented reality, natural language processing, or speech processing.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Understand state of the art machine/deep learning concepts, theory, and applications.
Research algorithms and theory of learning.
Develop machine/deep learning algorithms for mobile processors.
Develop simulators and analyze the performance.
Produce key intellectual property for machine/deep learning.

REQUIRED SKILLS
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in machine/deep learning, optimization, probability theory, statistical inference, information theory, signal processing, and/or image processing
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
C/C++, Python, and/or MATLAB coding skills
Publications in highly ranked journals and conferences
PhD is required

PREFERRED SKILLS
Experience on popular deep learning frameworks

*********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
67,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
68,Data Engineer,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer

Alignment Healthcare was founded with a mission to revolutionize health care with a serving heart culture. Through its unique integrated care delivery models, deep physician partnerships and use of proprietary technologies, Alignment is committed to transforming health care one person at a time.

By becoming a part of the Alignment Healthcare team, you will provide members with the quality of care they truly need and deserve. We believe that great work comes from people who are inspired to be their best. We have built a team of talented and experienced people who are passionate about transforming the lives of the seniors we serve. In this fast-growing company, you will find ample room for growth and innovation alongside the Alignment community.

Position Summary:
Alignment Healthcare is a data and technology driven healthcare company focused partnering with health systems, health plans and provider groups to provide care delivery that is preventive, convenient, coordinated, and that results in improved clinical outcomes for seniors.

We are experiencing rapid growth (backed by top private equity firms), our Data Services and BI team is looking for the best and brightest leaders. Data drives the way we make decisions. We love our customers and understanding them better makes it possible to provide the best clinical outcome and care experience.

This position will play a key role in building and operating a cloud-based data platform and its pipelines using big data technologies.

As a Data Engineer, you will develop a new data engineering platform that leverage a new cloud architecture, and will extend or migrate our existing data pipelines to this architecture as needed. You will also be assisting with integrating the SQL data warehouse platform as our primary processing platform to create the curated enterprise data model for the company to leverage. You will be part of a team building the next generation data platform and to drive the adoption of new technologies and new practices in existing implementations. You will be responsible for designing and implementing the complex ETL pipelines in cloud data platform and other solutions to support the rapidly growing and dynamic business demand for data, and use it to deliver the data as service which will have an immediate influence on day-to-day decision making.

General Duties/Responsibilities:

(May include but are not limited to)
Interfacing with business customers, gathering requirements and developing new datasets in data platform
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Identifying the data quality issues to address them immediately to provide great user experience
Extracting and combining data from various heterogeneous data sources
Designing, implementing and supporting a platform that can provide ad-hoc access to large datasets
Modelling data and metadata to support machine learning and AI
Minimum Requirements:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Experience:
3+ years relevant experience in cloud based data engineering.
Demonstrated ability in data modeling, ETL development, EDI Development and data warehousing.
Data Warehousing Experience with SQL Server, Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, etc.
Experience with Big Data Technologies (NoSQL databases, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, Elasticsearch etc.)
Experience in using Python, .net, Java and/or other data engineering languages
Knowledge and experience of SQL Server and SSIS.
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions
Education/Licensure:
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field
Other:
Excellent communication, analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills
Requires Spark and Scala
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Preferred
Healthcare domain and data experience
Healthcare EDI experience is a plus
API development experience is a plus
Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets.
Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets
Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources
Experience leading large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using Azure or AWS technologies – SQL Server, Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline, Data Lake, Data Factory and other big data technologies
Experience providing technical leadership and mentor other engineers for the best practices on the data engineering space
Linux/UNIX including to process large data sets.
Experience with Azure, AWS or GCP is a plus
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in an agile, dynamic startup environment
Problem solving skills and Ability to meet deadlines are a must
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Python and Java are a plus,
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions preferred
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Essential Physical Functions:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee regularly is required to stand, walk, sit, use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; and reach with hands and arms.
The employee frequently lifts and/or moves up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Alignment Healthcare, LLC is proud to practice Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disable/Protected Veteran.
If you require any reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in completing the online application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please contact careers@ahcusa.com.
(function() { var ac = document.createElement('script'); ac.type = 'text/javascript'; ac.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://') + 'click.appcast.io/pixels/grpeople1-1573.js?ent=8&t=' + new Date().getTime(); var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ac, s); })();",3.5,"Alignment Healthcare
3.5","Orange, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
69,Technical Data Engineer: Engines,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION TITLE: Technical Data Engineer: Engines

PROGRAM: Korea Country Standard Technical Order Sustainment

In this role, your primary functions would include the following:
The Technical Data Engineer II is responsible for the overall execution and day to day operation of all areas of the Korean F-15 Aircraft Engine Country Standard Technical Orders (CSTOs)
Interpret engineering data, engineering change proposals and other changes and directives and incorporate them into F-15 Aircraft Engine CSTOs
Develop maintenance data on new systems incorporated into the aircraft
Interface with USAF, Customer and other contractor personnel
Help other team members during periods of peak production requirements
Continue building the technical strength of the group to support future program needs
Ability to utilize Adobe FrameMaker, Photoshop and Distiller software to update existing and develop new CSTOs and illustrations a plus
REQUIREMENTS:
US Citizenship
Valid DOD Secret Clearance
Possess the advanced knowledge, experience and recognized ability to be considered an expert in technical field
Possess the ability to perform tasks and oversee the efforts of junior and mid-level personnel within the technical field
Travel in support of technical data conferences, meetings, reviews, validations, verifications, and other technical data related activities when requested (Such travel may be both CONUS and OCONUS)
Familiar with U.S. Air Force (USAF) field and depot level maintenance activities, USAF technical data, material qualification and acquisition systems, and USAF maintenance policies & programs
EDUCATION/OTHER:
Associate’s Degree or equivalent experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs technical data update experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs directly related experience or 10 years of experience with proper certifications
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
technical data: 5 years (Preferred)
related: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location",-1,Ascension Global Solutions,"Warner Robins, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
70,Data Scientist/Architect,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

· Perform tasks using agile methodologies to solve most complex problems (multiple interfaces with other systems across multiple business units) considering all impacted components from an end-to-end perspective

· Ensure end-to-end traceability of requirements is complete and shall apply specific functional and/or business expertise to assist the development team with project deliverables

· Conduct impact analyses of technology changes on business processes and existing technology and shall remain competent to work at the highest technical capacity on all phases of the business systems analysis

· Assist with the review of Test Planning and Test Execution strategies and create the appropriate User-Interface Model(s) to support projects

· Assess business workflow diagrams; assist in the technical evaluation of data models and interface design specifications; document and track issues related to data quality

· Provide technical expertise to the customer on the design and mapping of data conversion strategies and participate in collaborative system and data design sessions with the user community, technical architecture resources, and development resources

· Complete agile project activities as scheduled and proactively identify and communicate issues that may jeopardize milestones or project budget

· Serve as a Data Architect for overall effort with Data Integration/Migration Architect services

· Review and analyze learning system databases to recommend removal/deletion of old data with an understanding of Databases, Data Warehouses, and Multidimensional Databases

· Provide guidance to the Government on the work of data migration developers

REQUIREMENTS

· US Citizen

· Master's degree in Computer Science or related field

· At least 8 years of relevant experience

· DoD experience highly desired

· Agile methodologies experience required

· Well versed in DoD policy and guidance regarding cloud architecture

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $95,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
agile methodologies : 8 years (Required)
Database, Data Warehouse, and Multidimensional Database: 8 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Company's website:
www.akytechconsulting.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Akytech Consulting LLC,"San Antonio, TX",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
71,Data Engineer,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"As a Data Engineer, you will have the unique opportunity to curate and organize data for a program advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This aim of this program is to discover and curate data as well as develop and curate synthetic data. Then, we will develop machine learning (ML) models and training pipelines to detect and discern features in scenes. Finally, we will inject obfuscations into the data to fool the models.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos (DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you, and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Engineer will be responsible for the following:
Assess, transform, organize, and optimize data for use by machine learning algorithms
Generating representative data sets for systems development and data science initiatives
Build data pipelines that enables data scientists and engineers and other stakeholders

Requirements
TS/SCI clearance required
4+ years of experience designing data models and data warehouses supporting analytics, using both relational and non-relational distributed data storage systems
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining ETL pipelines. Bonus points for experience with Apache Beam
Demonstrated experience working with Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data
Demonstrated experience with large-scale distributed processing
Experience building data pipelines in ML frameworks. Kubeflow experience is desired
Experience working in a fast-paced agile environment is a plus
Familiarity with machine and deep learning libraries such as Scikit-learn and PyTorch.
Experience in a high-level programing language, such as Java, Python or GoLang
Demonstrated proficiency with Git version control systems
Experience working in Linux environments
We're looking for a motivated Data Engineer eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes person growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment

#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
72,Data Engineer,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Lucid Perspectives, and E/3 Sentinel Company, provides proven problem solvers to our customers and their diverse needs. We help them achieve success by offering comprehensive management and technical solutions with a clear focus on their mission

The successful candidate will manipulate data and data flows for both existing and new systems performing ETL, analytical support and maintenance of critical data.

The data engineer will provide support in the areas of data extraction, transformation and load (ETL), data mapping, analytical support, operational support, database support, and maintenance support of data and associated systems.
As a member of the team, the data engineer will research, design, develop and/or modify enterprise-wide systems and/or application software.
The data engineer will research emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution. Troubleshoot complex problems and provide support for the ETL process. Prepare reports on analyses, findings and project progress

Ability to develop complex data flows, or make significant enhancement to existing pipelines
Experience building and maintaining data flows in NiFi or Pentaho
Experience with the following languages: Java/J2EE, C, C++, SQL, XML, XQuery, XPath, Ruby on Rails, HTML/XHTML, CSS, Python, Shell Scripting, JSON
Knowledge of servers operating systems; Windows, Linux, Distributed Computing, Blade Centers, and cloud infrastructure
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to comprehend database methodologies

Lucid Perspectives, an E/3 Sentinel Company, understands that our people are what make us great. We believe in a work/life balance while supporting the customers and mission we love. Our benefits are as follows: 7 weeks PTO (10 Federal Holidays along w/ 25 Vacation days), 10% 401K Contribution (100% vested on Day 1), 100% paid premiums Medical/Dental/Vision for the family, Life/Disability Insurance, Generous Tuition Reimbursement, Monthly Internet & Cell phone allowance, Technology Allowance, and Referral/Growth Incentive Bonus.
During the COVID19 pandemic we are actively taking measures to protect and support our employees. This includes support to our workforce that has returned to work on-site, those working remotely, and those employees supporting in a ready state or isolating at home.

Lucid Perspectives, E3/Sentinel Company, is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. Lucid Perspectives, an E3/Sentinel Company, hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Chantilly, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
73,Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"At White Ops, we are all about keeping it human. We are the global leader in bot mitigation. We protect more than 200 enterprises—including the largest internet platforms—from sophisticated bots by verifying the humanity of nearly one trillion online interactions every week. The most sophisticated bots look and act like humans when they click on ads, visit websites, fill out forms, take over accounts, and commit payment fraud. We stop them.

Founded in 2012 in a Brooklyn sci-fi bookstore, our Bot Mitigation Platform protects enterprises from the sophisticated bots that threaten them. It's an ongoing war that we fight passionately every day. Join our mission to stop bots, disrupt the economics of cyber crime, and keep it human.

The Data Science team at White Ops is building the algorithms that run behind the scenes and power our bot detection engine. We deploy state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning models at a massive scale that distinguish human activity from automated bots.

What you'll do:
Develop algorithms (i.e. rule based, statistical, machine learning) that automatically detect emerging threats
Evaluate and implement data analysis strategies to improve detection efficacy at internet-scale
Ad hoc investigations to respond to emerging threats with velocity and quality
Collaborate with product, engineering, customer success, to define and develop new product features that will delight our customers
Research for case studies and white papers on bot detection
Contribute to toolkits and platforms that scale detection analytics
Who you are:
You have a strong sense of ownership which drives you to find ways to do things better, faster, and cheaper
You look to find new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation, all by yourself
You are open, transparent and work in tight collaboration with anyone
You constantly drive for correctness and performance, in that order
You are a data scientist, analyst, engineer and have solved difficult problems to prove it
You have proficiency with SQL, Python
You have familiarity with tools, libraries and platforms such as Jupyter notebooks, Pandas, NumPy etc
Track record of independent, creative problem solving with large amounts of complex data
Knowledge of how the Internet works
Comfort with ad tech terminology
Background in data science for security is a plus
Knowledge of how web browsers work is a plus
Benefits and Perks
Unlimited vacation policy
Stock options, 401(k), and commuter benefits
Competitive salary and commission structure
Medical and dental insurance for all full-time employees
Fully paid parental leave
Professional development fund
Great coaching from senior leaders and challenging development opportunities
Life at White Ops:

Our HQ office is located in the heart of New York City. We are growing the company deliberately with a keen eye towards maintaining a culture that values diversity, lifestyle, and career growth. We are doing meaningful work and we need people to join our mighty team. We are proud of our overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and Built in NYC. We have offices located in NYC, DC, Victoria, and London.",3.8,"White Ops
3.8","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
74,Microstrategy Business Intelligence Analyst,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Headquartered in Modesto, CA, G3 Enterprises has been supplying the wine and spirits industry for over 50 years. As a single source packaging solution, its products and services include labels, stock and custom closures, warehousing, transportation, bottle etching, and mobile bottling.

The Business Intelligence Analyst creates reporting and analytical solutions that enable translating data into knowledge and maintains Microstrategy infrastructure across G3 organization. Analyzes business intelligence data to inform business decisions. Partners with other areas of the business to model the outcome of implementing potential business strategies.

Essential Functions
This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.
• Utilizes data architecture to enable business decisions and recommend technical solutions to management based on scalability and complexity.
• Provides guidance and analytical support to include analysis and research in areas across G3 corporation.
• Satisfies ad-hoc requests for information from G3 teams that aid in uncovering new understandings that drive decisions which move the organization forward.
• Acts as technical expert, addressing infrastructure needs, systems/applications integration, compatibility, and multiple platforms.
• Analyzes data to create and maintain reports, dashboards, visualizations, and other tools (such as cubes and views) in multiple development and production environments.
• Responsible for executing the implementation of the BI strategy related to G3’s SAP ERP and OTM systems.
• Sources data from various systems via Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and external data sources.
• Designs user driven analytics structure using existing data architecture.
• Influences data warehousing teams to recommend data layer structures and integrate systems.
• Translates business requirements to functional and technical design solutions, specifications, and prototypes.
• Collaborates with development teams to design business intelligence solutions to facilitate data gathering, storage, and retrieval.
• Consults with users or decision makers to identify data sources, required data elements, or data validation standards.
• Develops test plans and facilitates testing prior to promotions.
• Creates and maintains technical documentation
• Performs cross-functional analysis and collaborates with stakeholders across departments. Partners and presents findings to senior leadership.
• Responsible for understanding and complying with applicable quality, environmental and safety regulatory considerations. If accountable for the work of others, responsible for ensuring their understanding and compliance.

Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Qualifications
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, Data Analytics, Data Science, or Engineering plus 3 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management; OR High School diploma or State-issued equivalency certificate plus 7 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management.
• Ability to build and understand basic SQL queries.

Preferred Qualifications
• Master’s degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, or Engineering.
• MicroStrategy Intelligence Server Development experience.
• Experience designing and executing Application objects and Schema objects using MicroStrategy Desktop.
• Experience analysis, design, development, testing, and debugging of complex reports, ETL scripts and dashboards.
• Experience troubleshooting high level issues to identify and resolve problems caused by the database, source data, ETL, or the Business Intelligence software (common examples: nulls in data causing joins to function incorrectly; ETLs running out of sequence; MicroStrategy Objects not set up properly).
• Experience with cloud computing and “big data” processing and analytics.
• Understanding of web servers and applications.
• Knowledge of components of an enterprise systems architecture
• Knowledge of business process re-engineering processes including Lean Six Sigma principles.
• Lean Six Sigma Green or Black Belt Certified.
• Strong understanding of network architecture and application development methodologies
• Experience reading, analyzing, and interpreting common scientific and technical journals and financial reports.
• Knowledge of emerging technologies and development platforms.
• Experience applying machine learning or artificial intelligence to BI applications.
• Possesses a passion for technology and its impact on the enterprise, customers and consumers along with a breadth of experience that can balance business, application and operational requirements.
• Strong understanding of systems and “systems thinking” with the ability to make trade-off decisions to accomplish system-wide goals.
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
• Excellent planning and organizational skills.
• Skilled in balancing long-term and short-term goals and perspectives of challenging situations.
• Skilled in applying multiple technical solutions to business problems.
• Remains unbiased toward any specific technology or vendor choice.
• Excellent analytical and technical skills.
• Skilled in navigating complex political situations to ensure successful change management.
• Exceptional interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation and negotiation.
• Demonstrates strong technical thinking and developed high credibility with the technical community. Recognized by the IT community as someone who solves complex technology related business problems.
• Experience with performance tuning of business intelligence applications.
• Strong knowledge of SQL queries including writing, reading, and debugging.
• Experience working with Enterprise Data Warehousing, specifically SAP Data Warehousing (HANA).

Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk.

Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

EEO/AA M/F/Vet/Disability",3.8,"G3 Enterprises
3.8","Modesto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
75,Air Compliance Staff Engineer or Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"SCS Engineers is an employee-owned environmental consulting and contracting firm that designs and implements sustainable environmental solutions. We just celebrated our 50th anniversary as a company on April 1, 2020! Our core capabilities are: solid and hazardous waste management, landfill gas, environmental due-diligence and assessment, brownfields redevelopment , site remediation, renewable energy, and regulatory compliance for businesses and municipalities responsible for protecting our air, water, and soil. Our employees take pride in their work, and together, we have the singular vision to be the environmental firm of choice for clients and our employee owners. If you thrive in a friendly, collaborative company and desire dynamic and challenging work among a team of innovative individuals, then SCS is the place for you. Are you up for the challenge?

Job Summary

To support our ongoing environmental consulting business efforts, SCS Engineers is looking for an air compliance specialist to become a long-term asset to our growing practice in California. This individual will be required to complete technical work, manage and maintain contact with clients, and manage the schedule and work product performed consistent within SCSs quality control standards. We prefer this person to be based in Long Beach, but are open to them being based in another SCS California office.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Air quality permitting and compliance; greenhouse gas emissions compliance; general regulatory compliance; various permitting for solid waste and industrial facility projects
Technical work may include completing calculations, reviewing compliance issues, preparing permitting documentation, reviewing data, research, and report writing as well as related services.
Work may also include in field activities, such as field meetings on engineering-related issues, oversight of construction activities, collection of samples, site inspections, etc.
Client interaction and preparation of proposals will be required on an as needed basis
Occasional travel may be required.
Qualifications
Bachelors of Science Degree or higher in Environmental, Chemical, or Civil Engineering, or other Science degree required
2 to 5 years of related experience in Air Quality and/or related disciplines required
Engineer-in-Training (EIT) preferred for engineering candidates
Demonstrated knowledge in Air Compliance required
Strong communication skills, oral and written (technical)
Valid drivers license with a driving record in good standing required
MS Office software, with particular demonstrated skills in MS Excel; AutoCAD and/or GIS expertise would be a plus
At SCS, you will have an opportunity to contribute to our strategic direction, help us continue to grow, and provide our clients with responsive, innovative, high quality client service. We offer excellent opportunities for career advancement and a competitive compensation package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401K, ESOP, Student Debt Employer Contribution Program, paid holidays and PTO.

SCS Engineers is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). SCS provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disabled status.

If you have questions, difficulty using our online system and/or you need an accommodation due to a disability then please contact us about your interest in employment at recruiting@scsengineers.com.",4.1,"SCS Engineers
4.1","Long Beach, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
76,Senior Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
77,Senior Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Klaviyo is looking for Senior Data Scientists to join our team which is still in its early days. You'll have a big impact on our direction and how we operate. You'll be central to upfront research and shipping products that help our customers learn and grow from their data.

The ideal candidate has a background in data science, statistics and machine learning and has done work ranging from exploratory analysis to training and deploying models. We use a wide variety of data mining and machine learning algorithms. The right candidate will have both a solid fundamental understanding and deep practical experience with at least a few modeling and machine learning techniques.

You should have experience building models that are used by people to make better decisions. We're focused on shipping early and often. We prefer iterative solutions that are incrementally better to the perfect solution.

How you will make a difference:


Analyze large data sets (we're collecting billions of individual actions every month).
Build models and ship products that enable businesses to grow faster and communicate with their customers.
Democratize and open up that technology to everyone (Our background as a team is building these models for the Fortune 50).
Match the right assumptions and models to the right problem.
Measure and know what impact your models had on the decisions people made -- e.g. did they outperform the previous best model or a human decision maker?

Who You Are:


Bachelor's or advanced degree in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other relevant quantitative discipline, or equivalent industry experience.
Have worked in a data science role for 5+ years professionally or academically and can talk about your projects and the techniques you used.
Have a strong fundamental understanding and deep experience with at least a few machine learning algorithms (e.g. regressions, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks).
Understand Bayesian modeling techniques.
Are capable of analyzing data and making rigorous statements about what can or cannot be concluded.
Have experience designing and implementing model performance/validation assessments.
Have a background in statistics and understand different distributions and the conditions under which they're valid.
Know how code and have used data science tools and packages.
Have demonstrated a measurable impact based on the models you've created. It's not always easy getting a model correct and we love talking about places we got stuck and working as a team to think through ideas that could unblock us.
Have a desire to ship features powered by data science (in other words, you're excited by both upfront research and actually getting models into production at cloud scale).

Get to know Klaviyo

Klaviyo is the world's leading owned marketing platform known for accelerating revenue for online businesses using the channels they own like email, web, and mobile. Enabling companies to leverage these owned marketing channels, Klaviyo makes it easy to store, access, analyze and use transactional and behavioral data to power highly-targeted customer and prospect communications. And unlike other marketing platforms, Klaviyo doesn't force companies to compromise between advanced functionality or ease of use - so companies of all sizes are able to maximize their sales quickly. That's why over 45,000+ innovative companies like Unilever, Custom Ink and Eventbrite sell more with Klaviyo.",4.9,"Klaviyo
4.9","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
78,Medical Technologist (MT) / Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLT),$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sampson Regional Medical Center is hiring a Medical Technologist to join the Laboratory team!

Description:
This is a full-time position. The selected candidate will perform various waived, moderately and highly complex hematologic, chemical, immunohematologic, immunologic/serologic, microscopic, and microbiological tests on specimens to obtain data for use in diagnosis or treatment of diseases. Additional responsibilities include obtaining specimens by capillary, arterial, and venous punctures; perform equipment maintenance, calibration, and troubleshooting; process histology specimens with additional training; participate in the quality assessment and improvement programs; provide guidance to technicians, assistants, phlebotomists and students; and provide services to patients of all age categories.

Requirements:

National certification as an MT/MLS by an approved agency is preferred
Individual must meet the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA) regulations for moderate and high complexity testing and must possess one of the following:
A bachelor's or associate's degree in medical technology or an appropriate biological, chemical, medical, or physical science from an accredited institution. This includes twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory training.
A satisfactory passing grade in a proficiency examination approved by HHS (HEW) and at least twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory experience.

Your Health, Our Passion!

IND123",2.2,"Sampson Regional Medical Center
2.2","Clinton, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1949,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
79,Sr. Compliance Data Analyst,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Main Objective: The Compliance Data Analyst Sr (DA) Specialist will be responsible for the administration of the Risk Management & Compliance (RM&C) DA program to provide actionable insights through data and analysis to achieve business objectives.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Assists in the administration of audit tools for workpaper documentation and issues tracking.

Supports the Global Compliance Audit team to embed DA in the audit process in order to facilitate effective risk-based audit approach.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders in the development and implementation of global, regional and subsidiary continuous monitoring activities.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders and their business partners to understand business goals, objectives and challenges, and provides reliable and accurate reports, insights, and analysis to support informed decision making.

Analyzes and interprets complex data sets and communicates trends and findings to RCOs and other RM&C leaders as well as other stakeholders and business partners.

Performs analysis of structured and unstructured data to solve complex business and department problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.

Solicits feedback from stakeholders to continuously evaluate and improve the quality of reports and dashboards.

Assists in the identification and addressing opportunities for process enhancements as well as new analytical opportunities.

Partners with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders to identify opportunities where DA can be utilized to assist the business gain insights with advance analytics tools and solutions.

Supports the development and implementation of various RM&C department initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of the company’s global compliance program.

Delivers training to RM&C team members and other stakeholders on effectively using analytic tools and solutions.

Develops strong relationships with relevant members of the Global Information Services (GIS) department and other DA personnel from other departments to leverage expertise and foster collaboration.

Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and solutions to business partners.

Incidental Duties:

The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required, by management.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree required in Business, Data Science, Data Analytics or a related field.

5 years of experience in Legal, Compliance, Risk, Internal Audit or working with IT systems related to Legal, Compliance, Risk or Internal Audit required; preferably within the healthcare/life sciences/biotech industry.

Strong knowledge and experience in advance analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources preferred.

Expertise in visualization tool e.g., Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau preferred.

Ability to communicate in an additional language preferred.

Knowledge and Skill Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Professional written, verbal, analytical, organizational, problem solving and presentational skills.
Ability to understand and develop business process and controls.
Comfortable working in situations with no clear answer.
Ability to prioritize projects and responsibilities.
Self-starter and willingness to contribute where there is a need within the team.
Ability to adapt in a dynamic and high-growth environment.
Knowledge of laws, regulations, and industry guidance applicable to a global healthcare company.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:

Fully proficient use of the Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, Visio, Excel, Word, Power Point and various and specialized software.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Naples",3.0,"Arthrex
3.0","Naples, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
80,Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"About us

Boxy Charm was founded in 2013 and continues to be a leader in the beauty subscription box industry experiencing immense growth of more than 100% year over year. We work with some of the hottest brands including Butter London, Dr. Brandt, Elemis, GlamGlow, Smashbox, Tarte, Too Faced and many more.

Today, Boxy Charm has a community of more than 2.4 million followers across its social media platforms, 10 million monthly visitors online and is the #1 searched beauty box brand on YouTube. In 2018, Inc magazine named it as one of the fastest growing companies in the nation. Boxy Charm is headquartered in South Florida and has an office in Toronto, Canada.

About you

Boxy Charm is seeking a Data Scientist who will use a range of data science and machine learning methodologies to build solutions for a variety of business initiatives. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be able to solve complex problems and apply those solutions within a cutting-edge cloud-based technology platform.

The role will be filled with a solution-oriented candidate that thrives on working in a highly dynamic and engaging environment.

What you will be doing
Work closely with different business units and translate high level business problems into actionable deliverables for the Data & Algorithms team
Work with a wide variety of data ranging between social media and email to customer transactions and logistics
Develop a variety of machine learning models including customer recommendations, customer propensity, forecasting, and marketing performance.
Collaborate closely with the Software Development and DevOps teams to ensure continued delivery of high-quality data through our data processing pipeline
Partner with various business stakeholders and implement solutions that improve their business process
Conduct big data analysis using SQL, Python, Snowflake, Spark and other technologies
Break down complex projects and problems into actionable tasks that be delivered quickly and iteratively and provide value to the business stakeholders
Key Understandings
Customer lifetime value, regression analysis, cohorts, retention, customer lifecycle, customer segmentation, machine learning, large-scale data analysis, classification and propensity modeling
What you will bring to the table
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or a related field
3+ years of experience programming in languages such as Python, Java, Scala, Ruby, R
3+ years of experience working with SQL and relational databases
3+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, and data mining techniques
Experience with one or more machine learning algorithms such as neural networks, regression, clustering etc.
Working experience with machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow, Keras, ScikitLearn, H20.ai, MXNet, Caffe, Gluon etc. is highly desirable
Experience working in an Agile (SCRUM, XP etc.) development environment
Experience with AWS or other cloud environments is desirable
Knowledge of Big Data and NoSQL systems such as Snowflake, Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, etc. is a plus",3.1,"Boxy Charm
3.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
81,Data Analyst Lead,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Summary:

In this role, you will work in collaboration with stakeholders from various departments within the organization to provide advanced data-driven solutions, business insights and support decisions. As a senior analyst in the analytics team, you will have a sound knowledge and experience Statistical Models, Data Mining, Machine Learning, building analytical solutions to deliver insights, insights communication and presentation, as well as demonstrating the ability to combine advanced analytics skills with exceptional business acumen. In addition, you will be key to the success of the department's goal of creating a reliable foundation for ongoing reporting and analytics.
Develop a deep understanding of the key initiative of the organization, and be able to provide analytical solutions that provides actionable recommendations to drive the success of the key initiatives.
Develop models and dashboards to help stakeholders better understand key drivers of hospital performance initiatives (e.g. hospital acquired conditions, safety events, length of stay, and other strategically important topics), and proactively come up with ideas to explore and uncover new findings and improve process efficiency.
Provides technical development expertise for designing, coding, testing, debugging, documenting, and supporting all types of analytical products consistent with the established specifications and business requirements in order to deliver business value.
Participates in development of standards, design and implementation of proactive processes to collect and report data and statistics on assigned systems.
Communicate analytical findings and recommendations in a clear and concise way to non-technical audiences, both in oral and written presentations.
Use Hypothesis-driven approach to drive design, implementation and analysis. Then provide executive level recommendations based on findings and directed next actions.
Work closely with Information Management teams to automate recurring tasks and improve processes to continually increase efficiency
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, or discipline is required. Master's degree is preferred
Minimum of three (3) years of experience required, five (5) years preferred, of leveraging analytics to drive business decisions
Proficiency with programming languages, automation tools and stats packages (e.g. python, SAS, hive, R) preferable
Experience with Statistical Models and Data Mining techniques.
Experience with BI/visualization packages, preferably MicroStrategy
Must demonstrate exceptional analytical skills with business acumen
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks etc.
Must have communication skills and the ability to develop and present solutions to all levels of management (including executive levels).
Project Management skills and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously to meet objectives and deadlines
Must have demonstrated the ability to solve complex problems with minimal direction.
Must be able to interact effectively and patiently with customers especially while under pressure.
Ability to establish and maintain positive working relationships with other employees.
Strong background in analysis, design, development, testing and support of business needs
Work Type:

Full Time",3.5,"CHRISTUS Health
3.5","Irving, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1869,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
82,Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are seeking skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application development.

If Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, summarization mean something to you, we want to talk to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system.

The candidate will be responsible for supporting a team of more senior AI/ML staff and Data Scientists in the following tasks:
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with Domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions in their studies
Excellent Communication Skills (with the abilty to explain developed tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Ability to formulate operational problems in aviation domain as technical problems that allows for reuse of leading research in the area.
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team

Preferred Qualifications:
1 to 2 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch,Mxnet etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, MEAN stack - MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization , search (e.g. ELK Stack) , entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintain good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
83,Consumer Lending Data Analyst,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are searching for a Consumer Lending Data Analyst to research and analyze data in order to make strategic business recommendations. In this role, you will perform competitor research to enhance our product strategy and direction. Having 3 years' experience in a complex analyst role will help you succeed in this role. Additionally, having an understating of lending principals and risk metrics will help the candidate be successful.
Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job Duties:
In partnership with key stakeholders, analyze, test and launch new initiatives to increase productivity
Provide data driven insights and recommendations to various departments within the credit union
Perform key competitor research and analysis to better inform product strategy and direction
Creating advanced reports, dashboards and deep dive analyses that inform and drive the
credit union’s product and business strategy
Create and refine predictive models on product, marketing, and risk initiatives
Uncover actionable insights for increased product performance
Partnering with marketing, finance and digital teams to enable business and systems synergy
Essential Skills:
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role; financial institution strongly preferred
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience with data collection methodologies
Experience with relational databases, e.g., SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau will help you succeed in this role
Familiarity with coding languages, e.g., R, Python
Strong understanding of statistical overlays and models for predictive analytics
Ability to analyze data from a strategic point of view and contribute to and influence discussions that drive the business
Ability to use key performance metrics and data to provide insights and make strategic business recommendations
Proficiency to organize, analyze and interpret data to explain complex irregularities or trends
Form strong relationships with cross-functional teams where support, resources and synergy is needed
Basic understanding of lending principals and risk metrics
Project Management experience; familiarity with Six Sigma/DMAIC methodologies
Expert knowledge of Excel
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, other related fields of study or equivalent experience
Location: Hillsboro, OR 97124

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position

FT123

#LI-EK",3.4,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.4","Hillsboro, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
84,Sr. Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Commercial Lines BI team at Woodruff Sawyer is a newly founded capability to enhance the organizations capacity in providing data-backed insights to its clients seeking P&C and liability insurance. The members of this team will work closely with the VP of Commercial Lines Business Intelligence and other enterprise stakeholders to develop and roll out analytics solutions. A successful candidate will apply data science methodologies, actuarial methods, knowledge of insurance, and the latest technological tools to create reusable business intelligence assets.

What you will be doing:

With limited guidance from the leaders, managers, or project leads:
Primarily collects, prepares and analyzes data from various sources.
Executes formal exploratory data analysis for data science projects.
Develops re-usable templates and reports for the review and feedback by other team members.
Prepares analysis summaries and provides to the colleagues and leaders.
Conducts data research and presents findings.
Identifies areas of more in-depth analysis and builds prototypes for IT implementation.
Required Qualifications:
A graduate degree in any of the quantitative disciplines, e.g., Actuarial Science, Math, Engineering, Stats, Finance, or a related discipline.
Knowledge of basic data science algorithms demonstrable through internships, coursework, or a combination.
2+ years of experience in visual analysis packages such as Tableau / Power BI.
2+ years of experience in programming using Python or R.
Skilled in developing presentations in PowerPoint or equivalent.
2+ years of work experience in an insurance or FINTECH environment as a data scientist or BI analyst. (4+ for an undergraduate).
Knowledge of common insurance terminologies. A couple of actuarial exams is a plus.
What you'll be getting from us:
The opportunity to work with sharp, motivated co-workers in a collaborative and entrepreneurial team
A flexible work schedule
A fun office in vibrant downtown San Francisco
Security for your future: Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP), 401K with company match and profit sharing
Medical, Dental and Vision benefits for employees and families (including domestic partners)
Life Insurance, short term and long-term disability benefits
Paid vacation, holiday and sick days
Tuition reimbursement
Access to an Employee Assistance Program
Fun company and team outings",4.0,"Woodruff Sawyer
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1918,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
85,Data Analyst,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

A Data Analyst designs, executes and interprets past and real time data to identify trends, reconcile inconsistencies, and make recommendations to improved IT Service Delivery This includes active analysis of the traditional ITSM Event, Incident, Request, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Configuration and Release processes.

What Youll Get to Do:
Monitors and queries the IT Service Delivery platform to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management, and conduct proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the ITSM Process Leads and Customer Engagement teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Analyze, define, and report on trends identified in the data
Facilitate Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Leverage the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection solutions, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of information
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement and Continual Service Improvement (CSI) opportunities
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Active TS/SCI with Poly required
A bachelor's degree OR equivalent experience/4+ years of IT experience AND 1+ year of data analyst, performance management, and service delivery reporting
ITIL Foundations certification
A good understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of statistics and experience with statistical tools to analyze data sets (Excel, SPSS, or SAS)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Experience with Tableau
Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
allspark

BITS3

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
86,Market Data Analyst,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do You Love Using Data to Draw Meaningful Conclusions?*
Join our team as a *Data Analyst* to help us grow our business! You will mine account data for new opportunities, create reliable market models, sales trends, and forecasts, and present your findings so that the organization can make better decisions.
Your Work Will Include*
Data Collection:
Mining internal and external data for new opportunities.
Collecting intelligence data from industry sources.
Collecting data for case studies and efficacy studies.
Ensuring order information is captured efficiently and reliably into Salesforce.
Identifying reliable sources of third-party data.
Coordinating third-party research studies.
Salesforce Data Integrity:
Ensuring integrity of account data in Salesforce.
Performing Salesforce account administration.
Maintaining product information within Salesforce.
Reports and Recommendations:
Developing reliable market models.
Forecasting market and sales trends.
Performing win/loss/opportunity analysis.
Working with others within department on return on investment analysis.
Effective Communication:
Providing thoughtful, thorough reports and recommendations to stakeholders.
Creating dashboard reports that are easy to read and understand.
Translating the data into useful information to assist the customer success team.
A Qualified Candidate: *
Has a bachelor’s degree in marketing or business and 2-4 years of analytics experience.
Has experience with a CRM system, Salesforce preferred.
Has experience in collecting and analyzing data, education and academic student data preferred.
Has the ability to translate data into meaningful reports.
All Our Team Members: *
Possess exceptional listening, writing, and presentation skills.
Are resourceful and motivated to ask questions and solve problems.
Manage their time effectively.
Demonstrate commitment to product success with integrity, a strong work ethic, professionalism, and a team-oriented attitude.
Leading the market with over five million student users each year, *Larson Texts, Inc.*, and its subsidiary *Big Ideas Learning, LLC,* have produced student-friendly textbooks and dynamic teacher materials for more than 40 years. Our team is committed to providing clear and innovative print and digital content that fosters a deep understanding of, and appreciation for, mathematics education.

We offer many benefits including health insurance, personal time off, 401k, tuition reimbursement, health club reimbursement, a casual and modern work environment, flexible work schedules, free parking, and coffee/tea stations.

This career is located in Erie, PA. Relocation allowance available.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
No",4.1,"Big Ideas Learning
4.1","Erie, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
87,Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

As a Data Scientist you'll use your skills model and analyze a variety of data in support of analytical questions. Successful candidates in this role will be able to use theirs statistical and mathematical backgrounds to solve complex problems for not only analytical questions but also problems of large scale data. With huge volumes of data at your disposal, you'll be asked to find the most important items in a sea of information. A strong candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning and strong problem-solving, analytic and interpersonal skills who communicate and collaborate effectively.

Basic Qualifications:
Data Normalization
Data Visualization
Statistical Analysis
Graph Theory
Bachelor's degree required
Level 1:
Minimum one years' experience or a Bachelor's Degree or participating in a program that will lead to a Bachelor's Degree in an appropriate Computer Science or related field.
Level 2:
Minimum five years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Level 3:
Minimum 10 years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Desired Skills:
Experience with writing, compiling, and debugging a variety of programming languages
Containerization
Jupyter
Spark
Cloud Analytics
Special consideration given for the following skills:
Machine Learning
High Powered Computing
Any of a number of active Cyber Certifications including but not limited to: GPEN, GXPN, GCFE, GCFA, and OSCP.
C++
Experience with intelligence analysis skills (e.g., traffic analysis) mixed with detailed knowledge of network architectures, protocols, and communications.
SIGINT experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
Active TS/SCI with favorable polygraph

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
88,Member Data Analyst,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Blue Federal Credit Union employees work hard, have fun, and win for our members and each other! Our Member Data Analyst performs quantitative and qualitative research using statistics to analyze programs, products and services offered, market potential, competitive intelligence and industry standards to recommend and guide market efforts. Recommends marketing activity based on research and technical analysis. Independently drives data analysis and develops insights for use by management.
Directs central market research function, anticipates and evaluates useful market information, establishes standards for research methodology, and identifies opportunities to expand the scope of business.
Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends and patterns in complex data sets to develop recommendations to be used in promoting the organization and improving positioning, image and support within the target market.
Maintain appropriate databases and data systems for the department. Implements data collection systems and updates. Acquires and abstracts primary and secondary data from existing internal or external data sources.
Develops graphs, reports and presentations. Performs statistical analysis upon request. Creates and presents quality dashboards. 3-4 bullets on education and experience
Assists in development and production of direct marketing initiatives through analysis of target market universe, list development, design and production.
Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control.
Experience: Three years to five years of similar or related experience, including preparatory experience.

Education/Certifications/Licenses: A college degree.

Interpersonal Skills: A significant level of trust, credibility and diplomacy is required. In-depth dialogues, conversations and explanations with customers, direct and indirect reports and outside vendors can be of a sensitive and/or highly confidential nature. Communications may involve motivating, influencing, educating and/or advising others on matters of significance.

Other Skills: Strong analytical spreadsheet and communication skills, demonstrated ability to handle multiple project simultaneously, new product development, packaging design, competitive analysis, consumer promotion, advertising media and copy, scan data analysis. Familiarity with MCIF systems, CD-ROM directories and market data on disc, survey research and statistical analysis software, mapping software, market research directories and online data services.",4.1,"Blue Federal Credit Union
4.1","Cheyenne, WY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
89,Air Force and Navy Data Analysts Virtual Hiring Event,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Oasis Systems Hiring Event! Offers on the Spot!

Event Details
Date: Tuesday, September 29, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Air Force and Navy Data Analysts

Intake Details:

Requirements

Secret Clearance, BA Degree

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the video interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

What to bring to this event

Updated resume

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Casual (come as you are, but please be presentable).

About Oasis Systems

Oasis Systems is a leading technology services company providing a broad range of capabilities in Systems Engineering, Enterprise Systems and Applications, Information Technology, Cyber Security, Specialized Engineering Solutions, Human Factors Engineering, and Professional Services. Oasis creates sustainable value for mission critical programs with all Department of Defense Branches, FAA, NRC and other Federal Agencies. With people in 36 states and 10 countries Oasis delivers talent, innovation and intelligence for mission success.

Please Visit Our Page for more information!
https://www.oasissystems.com/

Our Career Page

https://oasiscareers-oasissystems.icims.com/jobs/intro?hashed=-435679158&mobile=false&width=1332&height=500&bga=true&needsRedirect=false&jan1offset=-300&jun1offset=-240

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Air Force and Navy Data Analysts

We have openings in Virginia Beach and Langley AFB in Norfolk VA

https://oasiscareers-oasissystems.icims.com/jobs/search?ss=1&searchLocation=12781-12830-Virginia+Beach",3.7,"Oasis Systems
3.7","Hampton, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
90,Data Analyst,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Big Health, our purpose is to help millions back to good mental health. Our “digital therapeutics” - Daylight™, for worry & anxiety, and Sleepio™, for poor sleep - are fully automated cognitive and behavioral programs that are as scalable and clinically validated as drugs. Our software combines the intimacy of the human voice, engaging animation, and clinically rigorous techniques to help people overcome their mental health challenges. Big Health’s products are backed by 50 published clinical papers including 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and are cited in leading clinical guidelines including the American College of Physicians and NICE. Today, over 12 million people worldwide have reimbursed access to Big Health’s products, via leading employers in the US and the UK’s NHS.

As an Analyst at Big Health, you will develop a definitive knowledge of user data for our products and use that knowledge to answer big-picture questions about how people interact with our products and what outcomes they achieve. Your work will ensure our products reach the people who need them, inform decisions all the way up to the executive level, and keep us ahead of the curve by identifying the metrics that matter.
Responsibilities and Outcomes
Provide accurate reporting on user engagement and behavior to internal consumers company-wide.
Consolidate frequent requests into dashboards and other on-demand resources.
Help the Customer Success and Sales teams make their cases with compelling quantitative claims and sound supporting evidence.
Identify trends in client, end user, and marketing data that make the Customer Success team more effective at driving adoption of our products. Write scripts that automate regular reporting to clients and partners.
Develop engaging ways to depict and present multifaceted outcomes data to clients.
Manage financial datasets and the processes for keeping them up-to-date and accurate.
Core Competencies
You should be able to write complicated SQL queries, be a power user of R or Python for data analysis and manipulation, have some experience with scripting, and have strong skills in Excel/ Google sheets.
Comprehensive data manipulation abilities that allow you to confidently transform data while maintaining its integrity using all the tools listed above.
Exceptional attention to detail - the numbers you share will have a big impact, so you will need to be sure that they reflect what you intend.
Strong communication and presentation skills. Analyzing and compiling data is only the first step - you also need to be able to effectively communicate your findings to the rest of the team (including people who aren’t familiar with data analysis).
Experience with stakeholder management. You will need to juggle diverse requests from across the company, so the ability to set expectations and hit the hard deadlines you agree to is essential.
Life at Big Health
Be part of a team that includes clinical psychologists, software engineers, business leaders and even a former professional magician [shh… it’s a secret].
Surround yourself with the smartest, most enthusiastic and dedicated people you’ll ever meet, but who listen well, learn from their mistakes and when things go wrong, generously pull together to help each other out
Check out our values - they’re a living, breathing part of our culture
Enjoy benefits including a generous vacation policy, professional development fund, flexible working locations and more.
Competitive salary packages including stock options.
Because we are on a mission to bring millions back to good mental health, we believe it’s essential to reflect the diversity of those we intend to serve. We’re an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building a culturally and experientially diverse team that leads with empathy and respect. Additionally, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance",5.0,"Big Health (CA)
5.0",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
91,Senior Machine Learning Engineer,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"SkySync is a dynamic, fast-paced, venture-backed software innovator based in the Ann Arbor tech cluster, with remote Syncopaths in all US time zones. Our quirky and unique workforce excels at managing our customers’ content migration, synchronization, and orchestration challenges like no other in our space. We are poised for rapid growth and need a Machine Learning Engineer to contribute to building a large-scale machine learning, natural language processing (NLP) system and developing our understanding of the data we encounter. This role will be a cross between an ML/NLP researcher and a software engineer, and good candidates will have prior experience doing both. We are looking for someone from the southeastern Michigan area and preference will be given to candidates within this geographic location.

You’ll be doing a lot of this:
Rapidly iterating over different techniques in a solution space, and effectively analyzing the performance of models on various tasks
Contributing to several large-scale production machine learning and natural language processing efforts
Developing and building guidelines for evaluation datasets
Understanding the decision-making process, workflows, and business and information needs of business unit heads and service manager/owners
Translating business needs into analytics/reporting requirements to support executive decisions and workflows with required information
Visualizing information and developing engaging reports on the results of experiments
Advising product teams on new products, features or updates through evidence-based recommendations
Supporting user experience specialists and information architects to enhance information visualization through the development of dashboards and user interfaces
Distributing best practices to analytics and product teams and provides consultations for their data-based experimentations
Other duties as assigned
So you should have this:
Up-to-date knowledge of machine learning, natural language processing (NLP), and data analytics tools and techniques
Strong knowledge of Python, and related machine learning tools (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch)
Strong experience with Docker, AWS
Familiarity with current SOTA NLP models like BERT
4+ years of work experience with Python and machine learning
Willingness and ability to learn new technologies on the job
Demonstrated ability to communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences
Demonstrated ability to work with minimal supervision
Experience building and deploying predictive models, web scraping, and scalable data pipelines
Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, statistics, or related fields preferred
Ability to think critically while solving problems in a rapidly changing product
Nice to have:
Publications from ML/NLP venues such as ACL, NAACL, EMNLP, NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR

This position is a great fit for you if you like keeping up with the cutting edge of machine learning and NLP and helping build a position and product from the ground up. Knowing how to engage with new challenges daily and handle competing priorities is a must.
This position is not a great fit for you if you like established processes for every situation or a static set of duties and responsibilities.

Qualities Needed for Success
Excellent listening, writing, and professional communication skills are a must. You should be able to demonstrate proficiency in most of the duties and responsibilities listed above. In our fast-paced world, a great attitude combined with enthusiasm is key to individual success along with embodying our entrepreneurial spirit.",5.0,"SkySync
5.0","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
92,Sr Data Analyst,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position location: Lake Mary, FLor Blue Bell, PA

Position Summary
The Senior Data Analyst drives pharma client analytics solutions for United BioSource Corporation (UBC), supporting many of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to improve patient lives, support drug safety programs, and help manage new Clinical studies.

Responsibilities

· Build and continually improve Tableau dashboard offerings for business partners.

· Monitor and analyze business performance, providing targeted dashboards and recommendations for operational improvement.

· Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for business data, systems and processes under team’s area of support.

· Write and edit SQL code to ensure data is pulled optimally.

Required Qualifications

· BS in a technical field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, IS, Computer Science, etc).

· Advanced SQL skills.

· Advanced dashboard design skills, including 2+ years of experience with a dashboard toolset (Tableau, Qlik, Domo, Birst, etc).

· 2+ years of data analysis experience.

· Excellent communication and presentation ability.

· Excellent project management skills.

· Highly self-motivated.

Preferred Qualifications

· MS in a Data-related field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, etc).

· Expert-level SQL skills

· Expert-level Tableau skills.

· Advanced R skills.

· Healthcare (ideally pharma) experience.

·Minimal travel is required (",2.5,"United BioSource
2.5","Blue Bell, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Other Organization,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
93,Data Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

As an early to mid-career Data Scientist, you might be wondering what makes MITRE different than other government contractors and consulting firms. Many of our recent hires answered YES to at least one of the questions below:
Are you interested in contributing to technical projects that you can feel passionate about?
Are you tired of having your performance tied to billable hours?
Do you want to work in the public interest?
Do you want to feel like your ideas are valued and you are more than just an FTE?
Are you interested in working for a company where a 40-hour week is the norm and not the exception?
Do you want exceptional benefits, including tuition reimbursement for coursework towards an advance degree in a technical discipline?
The Model-Based Analytics Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist for MITRE’s Mclean, VA or Bedford, MA locations to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to interact directly with government leaders in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis.

Our employees are expected to work on multiple projects, cross-pollinate good ideas across the government and continuously learn. We are truly an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data- and model-driven decision making. We value people who can bring diverse perspectives.

Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the government. We also actively conduct independent research in areas of interest to our government partners. Once established with a proven track record of quality delivery and consistent performance, members of our department have latitude to select projects

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Work on or lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization.
Required Qualifications

Candidates will be required to have:
Ability to obtain a DoD Secret Clearance.
Significant academic background in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, or Statistics.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations with at least one modern programming language like Python (utilizing packages like scikit-learn, pandas, or dask), SAS, R (utilizing packages like caret, dplyr, or data.table), Matlab, C++, or Java or a business intelligence platform like Tableau, Looker, or QlikView.
Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, Plotly, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js.
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Familiarity with working in cloud-based environments like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure.
Demonstrated experience working on or leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Preferred Qualifications

Preference will be given to candidates with desired experience including:
Advanced degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or other related technical field of study.
Experience leading or conducting research.
Experience designing data science tasking and/or leading a team of data scientists.
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines).
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Experience utilizing notebooks (e.g., Jupyter, R Markdown, Zepellin),
Prior experience developing interactive data visualizations using open source web technologies (e.g., Angular, Vue, React, D3.js) or other frameworks (e.g., Shiny, Plotly Dash).
Prior experience developing data-intensive full stack containerized web applications using Node.js, Flask, Django, or other technologies.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
94,Physical Scientist,$95k-$154k (Glassdoor Est.),"Physical Scientist

Melbourne, FL

Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance

National Security

Job Description

ENSCO's National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides innovative customized products and services vital to national safety and security. We seek a team-oriented Physical Scientist / Computational Chemist to perform technical support on a variety of environmental modeling and simulation projects. The successful candidate will use analytical problem solving skills to address unique modeling and simulation challenges and will often work with a multidisciplinary team of scientists to meet these needs. This will range from predicting physical property data, interpreting spectral signatures, and comparing modeled and experimental data. The ability to describe and document the modeling work to a varied audience through report writing and technical presentation is important.

Qualifications Required (Skills)

Bachelor’s degree with 3 years’ experience in a Physical Science (Chemistry, Physics), Mathematics, or Chemical Engineering, or equivalent
Experience in the following areas:
Course work in Chemistry, Computational Chemistry Methods, and Statistics.
Application of quantum chemical chemistry methods to supplement experiment.
Chemical principles associated with environmental fate (gas or condensed phase), spectral signatures, and modeling and simulation.
Must be proficient on various platforms (PC, Unix and/or Linux), experience using High Performance Computing platforms (CPU), and a strong background in modeling using, physics, chemistry, or applied mathematics, experience in low level programming languages (e.g., C, C++, Rust, or Fortran), and basic statistics.
Strong analytical problem-solving skills and a demonstrated ability to apply technical knowledge towards solving real-world problems
Excellent technical writing and verbal skills
Ability to communicate with multidisciplinary teams of scientists and engineers
The ability to obtain a SECURITY CLEARANCE is essential for which you must be a U.S. citizen. If you do not meet this requirement, you will not be considered.

Qualifications Desired

Master’s degree in a Physical Science (Chemistry, Physics), Mathematics, or Chemical Engineering
Knowledge of programming languages including R and Python
Experience working with High Performance Computing platforms (CPU and GPU).
Skill using environmental and engineering modeling tools including HPAC, SCIPUFF, ChemCAD, QUIC, and ARC-GIS
Experience in any of the following areas: Infrared Spectroscopy (near, mid, and far), quantum chemical modeling, nuclear chemistry, mechanistic chemistry, kinetics modeling, statistical analysis of laboratory data.
Experience in Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives (CBRNE) programs
#LI-KM1

Req ID

1989BR

Internal Position Title

Scientist III

Employment Status

Regular Full-time

General Education/Years of Experience

BS or equiv; min 3 yrs relevant exp

U.S. Citizenship

Yes

Background Check Type

7 year

Drug Screen Type

None

Export Control and Licensing

None

Contract Award Contingency

No

Recruiter

Kierra McDonald

Division Description

The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides security solutions for the United States government. NSS employees offer a multi-disciplinary approach to solve some of the most challenging technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise are in sensor development and integration; chemical, biological and geophysical phenomenology; software applications and modeling; and operational applications of technology.

Key customers include the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, and the Intelligence Community.

Strength in Diversity

ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law.",3.7,"ENSCO, Inc.
3.7","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
95,Data Scientist II,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Scientist II to join our team based in Vienna, VA.

Responsibilities:
Must be able to design, modify, develop, write and implement software programming applications.
Must be able to support and/or install software applications/operating systems.
Must be able to participate in the testing process through test reviews and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.
Must be able to design, plan, and coordinate work teams.
Must be able to provides technical support to project team members.
Must be familiar with a variety of the field concepts, practices, and procedures.
Must be able to rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Must be able to perform a variety of tasks.
Must be able to lead and direct the work of others.
Must exhibit a wide degree of creativity and latitude.
Must typically be able to report to a head of a unit/department
Requirements:
Required a bachelor's degree in science or a related area.
Required 6-8 years of experience in the field.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go to https://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
96,NLP Data Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:


Are you interested in changing the world of work? We’re building a world-class analytics team to apply data science to the soft side of how work gets done. We’re working hard, having fun, and making history; come join us!

Workhuman is seeking a Natural Language Processing (NLP) Data Scientist to join our Workhuman iQ team as a domain expert. This role focuses on analyzing unstructured data for over 37 million workplace recognition moments. This person is expected to become an expert in uncovering insights hidden in recognition moments across dozens of countries for our customers, the industry and our company.

You will apply cutting-edge AI and Machine Learning approaches to solving an enormous variety of NLP problems across several industries.  For example, you will build NLP models to accomplish outcomes such as rating sentiment, uncovering hidden bias, identify meaning behind recognition moments, and identify semantic patterns that lead to workplace outcomes (e.g., reduced turnover, increased productivity, etc).

Your work will be project-oriented, and you will often be responsible for the data findings and interpretation of results and transferring capabilities to colleagues, clients and internal product teams. You will constructively discuss your findings while always looking for the best solution.

This position will report to the NLP Manager.

**This position can be located in Framingham, MA office OR remotely

Responsibilities
Build large-scale deep learning models for Workhuman NLP product
Experiment with advanced deep learning architectures and NLP techniques to improve the performance of NLP systems
Provide support on maintaining and improving the systems and data pipelines for Workhuman NLP product
Create test sets and run evaluation on NLP systems for Workhuman products
Analyze usage data from Workhuman NLP product and run error analysis
Explore the advanced deep learning framework and infrastructure and apply it to the data generated by Workhuman products
Required skills and experience:

Master’s or PhD in computer science, computational linguistics, machine learning, artificial intelligence or related field require
2+ years of NLP experience; more specifically working within Machine Learning and Deep Learning
Experience with natural language processing and machine learning projects such as text classification, sentiment analysis, and sequence tagging
Programming skills in Python
Experience with state-of-art machine learning and natural language processing toolkits such as Sklearn, Gensim, Spacy, NLTK, etc
Experience with at least one of the deep learning toolkits, such as Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras, etc.
Experience working with speech and/or language data
Expertise in building ontologies, taxonomies, and semantic relation frameworks
3+ years of analytics experience
Practical knowledge of data processing needs and trade-offs
Comfortable handling a high volume of work daily
Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment
Willingness to support several projects at one time, and to accept reprioritization as necessary
Strong attention to detail
Exceptional level of organization
Experience with process design and documentation
Experience communicating research findings and analysis in both written and spoken channels
The Company:


Workhuman® is the world’s fastest-growing integrated Social Recognition® and continuous performance management platform. Our human applications are shaping the future of work by helping organizations connect culture to shared purpose. With a consistent stream of gratitude fueling unparalleled, provocative workplace data and human insights, Workhuman® Cloud is a critical software engine for global companies seeking to motivate and empower their people to do the best work of their lives. Workhuman® (formerly known as Globoforce) was founded in 1999 and is co-headquartered in Framingham, Mass., and Dublin, Ireland.

Did you know:
We are #1 Great Place to Work in Ireland for the 2019 medium-sized workplace category and have been named one of the 2018 Top Places to Work in Massachusetts by the Boston Globe
Workhuman® is used by 4.5 million employees across 160 countries.
Our core values are; Respect, Determination, Innovation and Imagination
Perks & Benefits for our Happy Healthy Humans:
Comprehensive Health Plans
Fully paid parental leave (12-week maternity/4-week paternity) effective day 1
Peer-to-peer recognition program
401(k)
Tuition Reimbursement
Commuter bus from downtown Boston
On-site fitness center
Wellness rewards and reimbursements
Fully stocked kitchen (cold brew on tap - snacks and coffee machines as far as the eye can see…)
Regular celebrations for employees, families and special guests
At Workhuman, we love what we do because we’re shaping the future of work through our people and our technology. Our human cloud-based applications are helping some of the world’s leading global brands connect culture to shared purpose. The Workhuman Cloud empowers employees to thank, talk and celebrate each other, creating an environment that sparks gratitude and human connection while increasing employee engagement and productivity.

Workhuman is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees. We proudly provide a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Employment decisions at Workhuman are based on solely on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Workhuman believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.",4.1,"Workhuman
4.1","Framingham, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
97,Data Analyst,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Big Huge Games is looking for a qualified Data Analyst to help provide data insights to our games teams and upcoming BHG titles to assist them in making successful strategic and game direction decisions. This role works closely with our Product and Design teams to structure quantitative questions, gather player data, employ statistical methodology in analysis of the data, and construct insightful reporting and visualizations to communicate those results to the wider team.

Responsibilities
Provide reports and monitoring tools to assist team in daily game health assessment
Perform in-depth analysis of game metrics to inform and support both short and long-term product direction decisions
Communicate the results of analyses to the product team, game studio, and outside partners through data visualization and presentations
Qualifications
3-5 years experience with querying large complex data sets with SQL on relational databases
Several years experience performing quantitative analysis preferably with a games, web, or technology focus
High level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, or equivalent
Passion for problem solving, from generating insightful questions to research, through presentation of results and follow-on steps
Track record of success working in fast-paced environments with shifting priorities and deadlines
Ability to work in both individual and team settings
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or another quantitative field
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About Big Huge Games:

Big Huge Games is a small, passionate team led by experienced game development veterans, proudly located just north of Baltimore, MD, who are excited about the rise of touchscreen platforms. We believe in hiring talented team members who enjoy working in a fun and positive environment.

The company was founded in March of 2013 by Brian Reynolds (Civilization II, Rise of Nations, FrontierVille) and a group of longtime collaborators. Big Huge Games is dedicated to ""Finding The Fun"" through rapid prototyping and a focus on great user experience.

In July 2015 we launched our first game, DomiNations, which was awarded “Editors Choice” in the app store and continues to be successful with audiences across the globe. In 2016 we were acquired by our publisher, Nexon, and now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary, allowing us the stability of a larger studio but the feel of a smaller, indie game team.

Our goals are simple: Make great games, strive to always be improving, and live up to the motto you gotta have fun to make fun.

This a full-time position onsite at our studio in Timonium, MD.
Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID19 positions will begin remote before transitioning to onsite.

Applicants should download DomiNations on iOS or Android and be prepared to discuss the game.",4.9,"Big Huge Games
4.9","Timonium, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
98,Technical Data Engineer: Electrical,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"PROGRAM*: Korea Country Standard Technical Order Sustainment
In this role, your primary functions would include the following:
The Technical Data Engineer II is responsible for the overall execution and day to day operation of all areas of the Korean F-15 Electrical System Country Standard Technical Orders (CSTOs)
Ensures production/development and timely/quality delivery of F-15 Electrical CSTOs
Interpret engineering data, engineering change proposals and other changes, directives and incorporate them into F-15 Electrical system CSTOs
Utilize Adobe FrameMaker, Photoshop and Distiller software to update existing and develop new CSTOs and illustrations
Develop maintenance data on new systems incorporated into the aircraft and support technical data
Interface with USAF, Customer and other contractor personnel
Help other team members during periods of peak production requirements
Continue building the technical strength of the group to support future program needs
REQUIREMENTS: *
US Citizenship
Valid DOD Secret Clearance
Possess the advanced F-15 knowledge, experience and recognized ability to be considered an expert in technical field
Possess the ability to perform tasks and oversee the efforts of junior and mid-level personnel within the technical field
Travel in support of technical data conferences, meetings, reviews, validations, verifications, and other technical data related activities when requested. Such travel may be both CONUS and OCONUS.
Familiar with U.S. Air Force (USAF) field and depot level maintenance activities, USAF technical data, material qualification and acquisition systems, and USAF maintenance policies & programs
EDUCATION/OTHER: *
Associate’s Degree or equivalent experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs technical data update experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs F-15 related experience *_or 10_* years of directly related experience with proper certifications
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
technical data: 5 years (Preferred)
F-15 related: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location",-1,Ascension Global Solutions,"Warner Robins, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
99,Data Analyst,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sapphire Digital seeks a dynamic and driven mid-level Data Analyst/QA to join our growing New Jersey team with experience in the healthcare domain. This role will perform in-depth analysis of our internal data management systems to identify, analyze, and interpret trends and/or patterns in order to provide actionable recommendations for data integrity. The Data Analyst/QA will work closely with multiple internal teams to collaborate on different stages of the data lifecycle and assist in developing data quality processes.
In this position, you'll be responsible for:
Preparing and conducting analyses and studies, needs assessment, and requirements analysis to align systems and solutions
Overseing data QA functions to ensure data integrity and accuracy
Monitoring all production data processes and validation systems
Performing data investigations, root cause analysis, data profiling, and data lineage activities
Performing research and provides recommendations for data processes and updates
Reviewing and analyzes specific data elements for accuracy and quality assurance
Driving the resolution of the identified data quality problems
Maintaining documentation as required
Partnering with BI in the development of reports and presentations
Maintaining data quality rules, data standards and data governance policies
Supporting special project work as assigned by the data managers
Collaborating effectively with cross functional teams including Data, Business Intelligence, Business Applications, and Engineering

You might be a good fit if you have:
Bachelor's degree (B. A. / B. S.) from four-year college or university; 4+ years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience
5+ years of experience as a data analyst or in a related field
Expertise with query languages (SQL) required
Experience working with large complex datasets including healthcare data such as medical claims, clinical information, demographic data and program activity results
Exposure with one or more of the following programming languages: SAS, Python, R
Prior experience working with Healthcare data, or in the Healthcare field preferred
Experience with data visualization tools and methodologies (Excel and PowerBI)
Demonstrated experience in analyzing large data sets and relational databases
Ability to manage time and priorities of multiple projects/tasks
Displays professionalism and ability to learn quickly
Extremely detail oriented
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to collaborate closely with multiple teams across with a wide range of technical backgrounds",3.4,"Sapphire Digital
3.4","Lyndhurst, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
100,Data Science Support Analyst,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Science Support Analyst to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Support Analyst will partner with the Data Scientists to: support production deployment of models and web applications related to technologies developed by the Data Science team; participates in new development of web applications and restful api’s; gain exposure to production machine learning model pipelines and the design and creation of new models using statistical techniques.

Responsibilities:
Continually check metrics and validate models, compute model performance metrics.
Access, analyze, cleanse, pre-process data.
Retrieve data from multiple stores CSV/Teradata/Oracle/API/.
Train new models per specifications from Data Scientist.
Deploy new models and determine when to replace existing.
Configure Linux server web sites and update code base as needed.
Monitor web application performance and fix issues accordingly.
Configure SQLite/SQL/Mongo databases and stored queries, updating as needed.
Participate in meetings and offer ideas and solutions to present problems.
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Python (numpy/pandas/matplotlib/sklearn/flask)
Version control (git)
SQL and database APIs (cx_oracle, pymysql, sqlalchemy)
Cloud deployment experience (AWS, containerization) and familiarity with AWS services
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment
Machine Learning algorithm development experience.
Ability to learn new technologies rapidly and turn around implementations.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with ability to effectively communicate to all levels with varying degrees of technical knowledge
Critical thinking Independent problem resolution
Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others
Bachelor's Degree (Data Science, Analytics, Business, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or related field)
2-4 years experience (candidates with a relevant Masters degree and less experience will also be considered).",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
101,Data Scientist - Risk,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Data Scientist (Risk)

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our technology and data driven approach to providing working capital, along with our accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ is searching for a Data Scientist (Risk) to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for building data driven tools to automate and scale risk decisions decision points include, fraud detection, commercial credit analysis, and invoice payment behavior. The ideal candidate is an experienced researcher and data wrangler who enjoys applying complex theories to solve real world business problems. The Data Scientist will need to collaborate effectively with both technical (engineers, data experts) and non-technical (business users) colleagues to bring the data to life.

Responsibilities of Data Scientist (Risk)
We have 20+ years of real-world commercial data weve observed businesses and their interactions with other businesses across market cycles, industries, and catastrophic events. Build risk tools that optimize for velocity and scale.
Build risk tools that optimize science & art you will work with risk experts who have been in the trenches (and learned from losses). Augment human decisions with machine.
Lay the foundation for scale. A data science framework for optimal data acquisition, model training and deployment. Dont take short-cuts. Bring quantitative and statistical rigor to your body of work.
Lead by example. You are joining a data team at ground-level. Building and inserting a data team, into a 20+ year old company (organism) will be hard, but rewarding.
Qualifications for Risk Data Scientist
Curiosity, Grit, and Humility
5+ years of experience of hands-on data science role
Previous experience of building commercial finance risk tools should be beneficial, but not required
Bachelor or Masters degree in Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, or another quantitative field
A toolkit of modern data science techniques
Experience with any data science tools/packages: Python, R, SAS, XGBoost, TensorFlow, NLTK
Experience with any big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with any reporting tools: Tableau Server, Power BI, SSRS, Excel
Experience with any AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, S3
Experience with any Stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming
Position Type and Expected Hours of Work:

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional evening and weekend work may be required as job duties demand.

Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch.

Travel:

There will be minimal travel required for this position.

LSQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived, race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, any other non-merit based factor or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Our leadership team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment. If youd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm",4.4,"LSQ
4.4","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
102,Data Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Back to search results
Previous job

Next job

JOB DESCRIPTION

A BIT ABOUT OUR DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS TEAM

Mars Petcare Data Science & Analytics team is core to our strategy. We’re using digital, data and customer insights to transform our business by finding answers to problems that we’ve often never asked ourselves before. Our vast data assets are being combined to build a 360° view of pets and pet owners to not only power Kinship’s businesses but also influence the next great ideas in the pet care space. This role will be key in helping us understand the power of our data, and how this translates into value for our company, our pets, and pet owners everywhere. Frequently the projects will be ambiguous, but that’s part of the fun; you will determine the best way to leverage our data to tell the right story for any given audience.

HOW YOU’LL CREATE A BETTER WORLD FOR PETS
Apply advanced analytics & data science approaches to understand and predict pet and pet owner behaviors
Collaborate with internal and external teams to ensure we focus on pet-centric product and service recommendations
Support new pet technology businesses and partners by generating actionable insights from our data assets
Develop compelling stories that provide insight into the drivers of business performance and pet/pet owner behavior
WHO WE NEED TO CHART THE FUTURE OF PET CARE

We strive to hire people who are passionate about our mission: Shaping the Future of Pet Care. For all of our Kinship roles, we look for candidates who exemplify our core values. We believe what we do is just as important as how we do it, and we aim to hire people who are:
Optimistic
Purposefully Inquisitive
Open to All
And for this role, we hope you have the following skills we require to knock it out of the dog park:
Truly inspired by, and want to live, our purpose of creating a better world for pets.
4+ years’ experience in a data science role handling varied and complex data
Varied technical experience in delivering statistical analytics, data science and insight on large-scale consumer data sets across multiple sectors, including packaged goods and retail
Hands-on experience with Python is required; Familiarity with PySpark is also desirable
Comfortable with ambiguity, with a passion for collaboration to achieve objectives
A Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (economics, statistics, business, computer science) or equivalent experience
Passion for growing and strengthening a business using data driven approaches
Familiarity with cloud-based computing services e.g. AWS, Databricks, etc.
Enjoys explaining how technical concepts to both non-technical and technical stakeholders.
WHY JOIN US?

We offer our associates a unique opportunity to have a completely customizable career within pet care. Through Kinship you will work with and learn from a community of industry executives, pet partners, entrepreneurs, and fellow associates across our startup investment companies, outside partners, and in Mars Petcare. Our nimble and flexible approach to work allows you to make an immediate impact across businesses, while learning new skills at every stage. The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care. Join us in our mission to chart the future of pet care, alongside the industry’s brightest minds.

Kinship’s offices are global, and so are our associates. We are located in NYC, San Francisco, Portland, London, Helsinki, Shanghai, and in Moscow. Many of us flex between our dog-friendly hubs and our home offices. Today, Kinship offers exceptional benefits for you, your family, and your pets, generous paid time off, exponential opportunities to build a career within pet care, and progressive reward packages. Interested? Let’s take big strides, together.",4.0,"Mars
4.0",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1911,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
103,Data Analyst,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Onsite work only - Franklin, Tennessee

Are you looking for a career with a purpose? Do you want the opportunity to be part of a company that’s changing millions of lives for the better? Well, you’ve come to the right place. Ramsey Solutions exists to provide biblically based, commonsense education and empowerment that give HOPE to everyone in every walk of life. Our mission to change the world isn’t easy. We face resistance every day because what we believe is absolutely countercultural. We’re weird. We hate debt. And we actually cut up our credit cards . . . like, for real. We don’t use them in our entire business. Bottom line: We don’t use debt—period. Some of us are still fighting our way out of it, but we aren’t going back in.

Our Analytics and Insights Team has been one of the fastest-growing technology teams at Ramsey Solutions—they’re rocking it! They partner with our 15 digital product areas to help create data-driven solutions for our business problems so we can keep doing work that matters to change more lives. Performing mathematical analysis and using technology to put it into action, this team helps all of us at Ramsey perform at our highest level.

This is where you come in. We need your help to generate data-driven solutions to our business problems. We need a hardcore math nerd—someone who understands mathematical analysis and knows how to use technology to implement it. You’re someone who’s always itching to solve the problem, complete the puzzle, and answer the question. You’re never satisfied with a fluffy answer. You want the facts. You always back up your position with data.

Our data tells a story, and we need you to help us read it. You’ll help us pull back the curtain, notice trends, and apply data to drive change in our business models so we can help more people. If that sounds exciting to you, keep reading.

Skills Needed to Win:
3+ years of experience driving analytics initiatives to impact a business
Solid mathematical or statistics background
Experience with SQL (you’ll use it every day to get the data you need)
Experience with scripting languages like Python and R
Experience building and maintaining dashboards and reporting systems
Ability to translate data into actionable insights
Supporting business decisions through ad hoc analysis
Extraordinary passion to solve problems (you’re not satisfied until it’s solved and backed by data)
Nice-to-Haves:
Experience with data visualization tools like Tableau
Experience utilizing web analytics and Google Analytics tool set
Experience with optimization testing
About Ramsey Solutions:
We’re a debt-free company that was founded in 1992 by Dave Ramsey.
We have over 900 team members who are 100% dedicated to our mission.
We believe collaboration, innovation and a shared sense of mission come from being present with each other. That’s why all of our team members work together under one roof at our headquarters in Franklin, Tennessee.
Ramsey Solutions was recognized by Inc. Magazine as a Best Workplace in the nation for 2020.
And by the way, we're not stuffy or corporate around here. Here are some of the perks and benefits at Ramsey Solutions:
A 401(k) match of 4% after one year as a team member (you can still contribute in the first year)
Health insurance on day one with a $500 HSA match every year
One fully paid workweek of ministry time after one year to volunteer for your favorite charity or nonprofit
Generous PTO and paid sick time off
We prioritize work-life balance and rarely exceed a 40-hour work week
Weekly devotionals with world-renowned speakers, pastors and authors
$300/year to put toward achieving your fitness goals
Casual dress and work environment
It’s a calling, and we’re on a mission to change lives. Join the crusade! Apply now.

EEO/M/F/Veteran/Disabled",3.4,"Ramsey Solutions
3.4","Franklin, TN",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
104,Aviation AI/ML Data Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are seeking someone with aviation experience and skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application development.

If Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, and summarization mean something to you and you’ve applied them to aviation data, we want to talk to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety data
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions
Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
Preferred Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
105,"Data Engineer - Journeyman - Patuxent River, MD (2020-2881) Virtual Hiring Event",$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sabre Systems, Inc. Hiring Event! - Lexington Park, MD, Patuxent River, MD, and Dahlgren, VA

Event Details
Date: Tuesday, September 29, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Senior Data Scientist - Patuxent River, MD (2020-3002)

Linux Systems Administrator - Patuxent River, MD (2020-2997)

Software Engineer - Patuxent River, MD (2019-2644)

Systems Administrator - Patuxent River, MD (2020-2804)

Engineering Technician IV Fabrication - Dahlgren, VA (2020-2976)

Data Engineer - Journeyman - Patuxent River, MD (2020-2881)

Journeyman Information Security Analyst - Patuxent River, MD (2020-2908)

Intake Details:

Requirements

An active DoD secret clearance or higher is required

Candidate is required to pass a Background Investigation

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the virtual interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

What to bring to this event

An electronic copy of your resume

Specific jobs you are interested in speaking about, preferably job code (i.e. 2020-1234)

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Casual (come as you are, but please be presentable).

About Sabre Systems, Inc.

Sabre Systems, Inc. is a quality driven, customer focused large business providing innovative solutions in the areas of Cyber, C4ISR, Business Intelligence and Data Analytics, and Enterprise Modernization to federal and civilian customers. Our mission is to ensure our customers have the technology, services, and expertise to overcome threats, maintain superiority, and quickly adapt to emerging obstacles. At Sabre, we're more than just a job - we're a team - and we care for and nurture our employees like family. If you want to be a part of creating and implementing enduring solutions that transform mission challenges into mission success – join Sabre!

Read more about us here: https://www.sabresystems.com/about-sabre/

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

The NAVAIR Digital Group leads the digital transformation of NAVAIR and works to accelerate and scale digital/analytic technologies and capabilities across the NAVAIR Enterprise as a means to increase speed in the delivery and sustainment of warfighting capability.

Selected canddiate will:

Discovers opportunities for data acquisition and sensor integration; performs systems engineering for databases and data processing systems; develops data systems, architectures and models; leverages high-performance computing infrastructures into systems architecture; recommends best architectures, tools, and technologies to address organizational needs.

Interact with the government customer, military personal and other contractors as required

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree is required is related field and (3) three to (10) years of experience
Candidate is required to pass a background Investigation
Security+ certification is required.
An active DoD secret clearance is required or higher

For the full positing, please visit: https://careers-sabresystems.icims.com/jobs/2881/data-engineer-journeyman/job",4.8,"Sabre Systems, Inc.
4.8","Lexington Park, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
106,Data Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Data Engineer to provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The candidate will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Skills Requirements:
The successful candidate should have experience with scripting in Python and using Nifi. Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS is preferred or willingness to learn.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality.
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS. Ability to communicate analysis to experts and lay persons alike.
Years of Experience: Minimum of 3 years experience.

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's degree in computer science, geography, or related field.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems
4.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
107,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you looking for a fresh challenge and an opportunity to further advance your career and grow with a fast growing company? If you have a passion for data and an adaptive out-of-the-box thinker with sharp analytical and problem-solving skills, exceptional organization, and able to multitask in a fast-paced environment, we have the perfect job for you!

We are looking for an enthusiastic Senior Business Intelligence Analyst who will be part of the USCCAs Marketing team to bring data to life by providing insights and actions through measurement of current marketing initiatives as well as those in the future.

The Analyst is responsible for accurate operational data reporting for specified marketing teams. This includes traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data for high level and detailed scorecards in addition to ad hoc reports based on specific marketing requests.

They will also perform exploratory analysis to provide recommendations to marketing based on proven data.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Supports Marketing area that includes Strategy, Retail and Product Marketing along with Media (earned, owned and paid) to collect, consume and act on analytics
Marketing traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data gathering
Filling out scorecards and tracking documents by designated times
Creating ad hoc or one-off reports to satisfy marketing questions
Discovering leading indicators and insights to improve marketing efficiency or performance.
Use data and statistics to support Marketing and formulate strategy
Visualize data for consumption and specific business action
Work with Marketing and BI team, to decide on the success metrics to measure
Organize cross-functional processes
Facilitate Innovation & Growth
Perpetuate a mentality of growth, innovation and ideation by way of staying informed of latest industry trends and methods
Be recognized as the thought leaders of self-defense education, training and trusted legal protection
Process Development & Execution
Participate in establishing and tracking KPIs to ensure all marketing initiatives are performing and growing as planned or better
Build long-term relationships with cross-functional teams, business partners across the organization and outside agencies
Willingness to enthusiastically accept many varied projects and new responsibilities as assigned
Qualifications/ Strengths:
Bachelors degree in Computer Sciences, Statistics, or related field
Work experience in Analytics, Scientific Research or related field
Experience with Marketing and Web Analytics a plus
Meticulous data gathering and reporting abilities
Have a cross-functional understanding of data (Marketing, Web Analytics, IT, & Finance)
Experience with data visualization or reporting tools
High level and granular understanding of marketing objectives
Ability to communicate with Marketing management and leadership
Strong analytical mindset and problem solving abilities
Ability to structure information
Affinity with Stratistics
Basic knowledge about IT ecosystem and programming
Strong organization skills
Ability to think creatively with a process-based mindset
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively to meet deadlines
Demonstrates the Core Values of Delta Defense, LLC
PM19

Powered by JazzHR",4.9,"Delta Defense LLC
4.9","West Bend, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
108,"Senior Data Scientist, FP&A",$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),")TITLE

Senior Data Scientist, FP&A

LOCATION

Orrville, OH (Close proximity to Cleveland/Akron)

REPORTS TO

Vice President FP&A & U.S. Business Finance

POSITION SUMMARY

The Senior Data Scientist, FP&A role is primarily responsible for developing new analytical capabilities across FP&A (and across finance), including the design of visual, predictive, and prescriptive analysis to drive business results. This role will contribute to the identification and communication of key insights utilized by leadership and the broader finance team(s) to execute our financial strategy. The development of new financial processes, models, and visualizations will be a key component of the role. Contributions from this role directly link to the Corporate Financial Strength strategic initiative and the Finance Transformation initiative. In addition, the person in this role will be expected to connect with the Finance Technology team and broader Corporate data science initiatives in order to maintain community and develop best practices in Finance.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Apply data science techniques on disparate financial data sources to simplify processes and generate insights to execute the Company’s financial strategy and initiatives
Develop financial models and predictive analytics, specifically contributing to the Company’s ability to deploy its annual plan, monthly forecast, and strategic long-range plan
Work cross functionally and engage across FP&A (Corporate, SBA, and Customer Finance teams) to elevate level of data driven insigh ts an d decision-making capabilities and present findings and assumptions to key stakeholders
Develop new capabilities including dashboards and flash reporting to support issue resolution, insight generation and decision making
Enhance financial analytical capabilities and insights effectiveness around product innovation, product margins, cost management and customer financials
Identify opportunities to leverage machine learning, text mining, driver-based planning
Collaborate with finance colleagues and business partners to ideate, identify, prioritize and deliver business opportunities
Identify new data sources , inclusive of external sources, to enhance results and unveil opportunities
Increase the capability across the finance organization by researching and sharing new analytic techniques and tools
Share analytics tools and techniques with the broader organization analytics team and business partners to enhance the organizational finance and analytics acumen
Partner with finance colleagues to present findings, assumption and recommendations to key stakeholders

SELECTION CRITERIA

Education

Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Data Analytics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Science, or related field
Certification in Finance a plus

Experience

4+ years in a Data Scientist / Statistician / Quantitative Analyst type role is required
Experience/deep knowledge and use of a number of these tools:
Statistical modeling/forecasting (including experience explaining statistical models and coaching on techniques)
Python or R
SQL
PowerBI, Spotfire, or Tableau
Knowledge of multiple business functional areas and financial processes
Proven ability to work independently and as part of a cross-functional team required
Leadership interactions
Ability to influence and implement change
Prior experience in financial analysis and modeling preferred
Prior experience working with financial data, systems, or statements preferred

Other

Passionately curious
Ability to “connect-the-dots” applying concepts/ideas/learnings from one project/functional group to another and/or combining ideas from several areas into a larger idea/project
Demonstrated ability of balancing and prioritizing numerous requests while providing visibility to stakeholders

IND123

#LI-123",3.2,"The J. M. Smucker Company
3.2","Orrville, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1897,Company - Public,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
109,Data Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

As a Data Scientist, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating the internet of things (IoT). In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning / data mining algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve similar results at large-scale.

Your Responsibilities:
Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.
Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.
Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.
Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).
Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).
Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Preferred
Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:
Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.
C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
110,Sr Data Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to work with one of our US-based clients, who is reinventing the delivery of health and human services. Our client’s collaborative platform unites healthcare providers, government, and the community around the common goal of improving health outcomes for everyone.

Data has long been a foundation of our client’s system and their requirements around data have grown more sophisticated and central to their mission. They are now harvesting the data in the platform and transforming it into an actionable source of information that stakeholders use to understand the impact that Social Determinants of Health are having on communities.

The company is made up of 160 professionals, including QAs, Product Managers, and 30 Engineers, mostly based in the NY area. Some of the main technologies used are APIs, Ruby on Rails, Golang, Lambda AWS, Neo4J running on EC2 nodes, MySQL, Postgres, microservices, enterprise data warehouse, Redshift, and Tableau. The team is currently working on a single-page application on front-end technologies such as React and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for people to join their team who share a passion for their mission to reinvent Health & Human Services and aspire to make a lasting difference for future generations.
You are the one if you have:
Strong experience building Data Warehouses using Spark and Python or Java
Strong experience using Scala for data transformations
Vast knowledge about ETL processes and Data Lakes
Experience with AWS (S3, Redshift Spectrum)
It’s a bonus if you have experience working with:
Tableau
Neo4J
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Engineer role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
111,Associate Data Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

As an Associate Data Scientist, you will apply modern data storage, movement, and transformation architectures and techniques to extract and engineer features from any scale structured or unstructured data in health, IT system, business processes, or external data. You will also access, cleanse, compile, and transform disparate data sets to conduct exploratory and pre-defined analyses using scientifically valid techniques and generate meaningful insights as well as assist with feasibility studies to identify data availability, quality and modeling requirements, and dependencies.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Software Engineering, Data Science, or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of statistical programming and applied programming work experience
At least 1 year Data mining, quantitative analysis, and/or statistical modeling including predictive performance and algorithm optimization work experience
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with relational databases and SQL; NoSQL databases (hBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, Couch DB, Riak) and unstructured data; Spark; Pig and Avro
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Expectations
Willing to travel up to 20% of the time as needed
Must be currently residing in or willing to relocate to the Kansas City metro area",3.9,"Cerner
3.9","North Kansas City, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
112,Business Data Analyst (Mortgage Operations),$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"First Midwest, with assets over $20 billion, is the premier relationship-based banking franchise in the dynamic Chicagoland banking market. As one of the Chicago metropolitan area's largest independent bank holding companies, First Midwest provides the full range of commercial, retail banking, and wealth management services through some 120+ offices located in communities in metropolitan Chicago, Northwest Indiana, Central and Western Illinois, Eastern Iowa, and Southeast Wisconsin.

POSITION SUMMARY:

Working collaboratively with the management team, this position is responsible for creating and managing key periodic reports and ad hoc analyses in support of defined business objectives. This role will also champion the development and implementation of key initiatives within the line of business.

REQUIRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS:
Bachelor’s degree preferred in some business discipline
5 years banking or related experience preferred
Advanced analysis and reporting experience required
In-depth knowledge of industry operating rules preferred
Ability to implement new procedures in response to, and in anticipation of, changes in the business environment desired
Possesses and applies comprehensive problem solving abilities for complex issues
High proficiency and analytical skills using Microsoft Office Suite of products required. Access Database and Excel graphing skills a plus.
Experience with financial reports and Falcon risk analytics a plus
Client focus and project management skills are required with an aptitude for creating operational efficiencies and positive client experiences
Demonstrated written and oral communication skills
Strong interpersonal skills
DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work collaboratively with the leadership team on the identification, development and ongoing refinement of periodic reports.
Proactively identify opportunities in support of defined business objectives by developing in-depth analyses.
Support the line of business data collection and distribution needs by working collaboratively with internal and external partners as needed.
Support the development and implementation of key initiatives within the line of business and maintain analytics related to impacts.
Assists in monthly planning, loss analysis, forecasting and variance reporting.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here and Supplement here.",3.5,"First Midwest Bank
3.5","Gurnee, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
113,Data Scientist for Detector Physics,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311174

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Signature Science and Technology Division

Group: Detection Physics
*Job Description**
The Detection Physics Group within the National Security Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a research scientist who will focus on studies of radiation detection physics using Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques. The Detection Physics Group includes research ranging from low background and high energy fundamental particle physics to radiation detection related to non-proliferation and national security applications. This position will focus on the expanding role of AI/ML within the group. It will provide the opportunity to perform analysis of data from existing experimental setups, and to propose, develop, and demonstrate relevant techniques on new data sets for advanced applications.

Major duties and responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the analysis of a variety of types of radiation detectors and experiments. Perform, analyze, and interpret detector characterizations for detectors of interest, including semiconductor detectors, scintillators, proportional counters, silicon photomultipliers, and others. Develop a detector-physics-focused AI/ML strategy with an eye toward fostering new funding streams and research directions. Engage in research activities with the broader AI/ML community at PNNL.
*The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:**
*Level 2:** Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships. Works under general supervision. Follows established procedures. Infrequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters.
*Level 3:** A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, careeroriented, journey-level position. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Frequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience, or Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience.

+ Programming capability with languages such as C/C++, Python, MatLab, and R.

+ Experience with ""standard"" and AI/ML data analysis techniques.

+ Experience with particle detection software and hardware.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with at least 5 years of well-aligned prior experience or a masters degree with 3 years of relevant experience or a PhD degree with at least 1 year of experience.

+ PhD in experimental nuclear or high energy particle physics, or related fields.

+ Experience with software tools such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and Keras.

+ Experience with data analysis and simulation packages such as ROOT, Geant4, and MCNP.

+ Implementation experience with high-performance parallel codes and/or accelerators (FPGAs/GPUs).

+ High level of motivation and ability to work with, form, and lead collaborative research teams.

+ Adaptability to thrive in a rapidly evolving, multitasked, research environment.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Detection Physics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-09_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-12-08_",3.8,"PNNL
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
114,Data Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"DATA SCIENTIST JOB DESCRIPTION
We are looking to hire a highly creative Data Scientist to address data analytics challenges in our organization, to collect large volumes of data from varying sources, clean and interpret data, create solutions to overcome challenges and communicate with interested parties.

To succeed in this position; you need to be curious, creative and tech savvy.

You need to stay up to date with data programming software and apps,

have outstanding understanding of statistics and mathematics, and be

proficient in writing algorithms. Top candidates will be persistent, and

have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
Data Scientist Responsibilities:
Having meetings with team members regarding projects
Collecting and interpreting data
Automating and integrating processes.
Researching solutions to overcome data analytics challenges
Communicating and meeting with engineers, IT teams and other interested parties
Sharing complex ideas verbally and visually in an understandable manner with non-technical stakeholders.
Deploys solutions so that they provide actionable insights to the organization and are embedded or integrated with application systems
Supports and drives analytic efforts designed around organization’s strategic priorities and clinical/business problems
Works in a team to drive disruptive innovation, which may translate into improved quality of care, clinical outcomes, reduced costs, temporal efficiencies and process improvements.
Builds and extends our analytics portfolio supported by robust documentation
Works with autonomy to find solutions to complex problems using open source tools and in-house development
Stays abreast of state-of-the-art literature in the fields of operations research, statistical modeling, statistical process control and mathematical optimization
Creates and communicates project plans and other required project documentation and provides updates to leadership as necessary
Works with the analytics team and clinical/business stakeholders to develop pilots so that they may be tested and validated in pilot/incubator settings
Performs analysis to evaluate primary and secondary objectives from such pilots
Data Scientist Responsibilities Continued:
Assists leadership with strategies for scaling successful projects across the organization and enhances the analytics applications based on feedback from end-users and clinical/business consumers
Assists leadership with dissemination of success stories (and failures) in an effort to increase analytics literacy and adoption across the organization.
Data Scientist Requirements:
A MS or PhD degree in Applied Mathematics or Statistics preferred.
5+ years public health experience.
Advanced coursework in analysis and programming.
Experience using data visualization tools.
Experience with data querying languages, and statistical or mathematical software.
Proficient in writing algorithms, and knowing when to apply them.
Excellent understanding of statistics, multi-variable calculus and linear algebra.
Outstanding communication skills.
Ability to present and speaking in front of audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Our staff is currently working from home due to COVID-19 until further notice.

Experience:
Public Health Experience: 5 years (Required)
data visualization tools & querying languages: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",1.4,"Sickle Cell Disease Association of America, Inc.
1.4","Hanover, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
115,Big Data Analyst BSLEP7,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings requires the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel.
Through the use of effective “big data” technologies and solutions, CBP ensures that the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure. In response to this challenge, ManTech, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified and versatile data analysts to facilitate data-driven decision making in response to national security threats.
The primary objective of the data analysis team is three-fold: 1) Support the development of predictive models via the identification of behaviors and attributes that inform illicit activities; 2) Provide on-demand analysis to support emergent operational needs; and, 3) Develop performance dashboards and artifacts to inform resource allocation, justify requirements, and support statutory reporting mandates.
In all three areas, data analysts must be capable of transforming large volumes of raw data, both structured and unstructured forms, into mission-focused insights that enhance understanding of mission performance, workload, and/or behavioral trends (i.e., strategic, tactical, and operational insights). Analysts may be called upon to support a diverse array of initiatives involving complex queries in support of network analysis, entity resolution, threat research, visualization, and impact assessments.

The strongest applicants will engage in highly dynamic, threat/risk driven operating environments. They will bring a proven track record of working with decision support tools and applications operationally employed by mission-support entities. Within three to six months of joining the project, we expect analysts will:
Master relevant data schemas, reference data, joining conditions, and relationships of existing databases, as well as associated warehouses and data marts, involving trade, travel, national security, and law enforcement data.
Conduct exploratory analysis demonstrating: a refined understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the underlying data; a willingness to explore non-traditional data sources and evaluation methods; and a clear link to mission need.
Construct query code as well as run, save, edit, optimize, and document queries using SQL and other languages including Spark to extract mission-critical insights.
Design, develop and deliver analytic artifacts such as dashboards, scorecards, and structured Excel reports that: support executive-level, at-a-glance findings; empower non-technical users to explore user-specific equities (e.g. PowerBI); and/or provide detailed information informing operational outcomes.
Assess validity, accuracy, completeness, consistency, and uniformity of data as well as develop mitigation steps and processes to address data quality issues in support of clean data.
Translate findings (e.g. mission impacts, limitations of findings/ analytical confidence, analytical methods and techniques employed) to clearly articulate the “so what” within the context of mission performance to technical and non-technical audiences in the form of written reports and in-person briefings.
Engage internal and external stakeholders in a professional and informed manner to collect analysis requirements and ensure alignment of expected outcomes.
Integrate with, and materially contribute to, portfolio teams as a matrixed resource to provide data analytics expertise in support of modeling, ad hoc query support, or performance assessment initiatives in collaboration with data scientists, intelligence analysts, developers, and other participants under the direction of a project manager.
Applicants should note that while some formal training exists to support building knowledge of missions and the implementation of data-driven solutions, but much of the knowledge must be gained through on-the-job training and individual initiative. Technical knowledge is insufficient to achieve effectiveness in this operating environment; expertise must be enhanced with rapid acquisition of mission knowledge and demonstrated commitment positive mission outcomes. Therefore, we seek self-starters who are capable of independent exploration and knowledge acquisition, willing to develop informal support networks, and with an appreciation for the immense challenge of safeguarding the Nation’s borders.

BS Degree in a related technical fields (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, etc.)
Hands on experience working with data-mining, analysis or statistical software such as R, Matlab, SAS Enterprise Miner, SPSS Modeler, or SQL Developer for data analysis
Hands on experience with at least one of the following technologies: Hadoop eco system, including HDFS, YARN, Cassandra, Hive, Pig, and Spark
Hands on experience with Batch-oriented and streaming distributed processing methods such as Nifi, Spark, Kafka, or Storm
Hands on experience with distributed search engines like Elasticsearch or Solr
Conceptual understanding of – and/or prior experiences related to – data profiling, fuzzy matching, entity resolution, and signal detection theory (specifically with respect to SD theory: designing and improving upon systems that monitor, minimize, and balance false positive and false negative outcomes)
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, and SQL
Unix / Linux experience
Experience working in field of entity resolution, analytics, data mining or name matching.
Delivering solutions using Amazon Web Services (e.g., AWS EC2, RDS, S3)
Experience with Javascript frameworks like Angular, React and JQuery is a plus
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI)

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
116,Machine Learning Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Machine Learning Engineer

US Citizenship is required due to security clearance requirements.

Are you a motivated engineer who is passionate about embracing new challenges and solving the hardest technical problems in a team-oriented environment? Every day, the engineers at Expedition Technology work together to solve our Nations defense and intelligence challenges by using Machine Learning and Deep Learning to demystify data obtained from signals and images.

Our applied research and development mindset afford our people the opportunity to work on the most cutting-edge methods of optimizing deep learning networks, developing state-of-the-art algorithms and ultimately producing software products that are critical to our nations defense infrastructure.

The success we have already achieved has made Expedition Technology one of the top Machine Learning/Deep Learning research organizations in the Defense and Intelligence communities and we need additional intelligent, passionate, creative people to join our team.

When you join our team, youll have the opportunity to:
Dive directly into the latest computer vision and signal processing research to replicate new techniques published in academia and find ways to make those ideas work on a larger scale
Use your strong Python coding skills to research, design, develop and expand upon algorithms that will train neural networks to deliver actionable intelligence faster and more effectively
Develop deep-learning software prototypes that demonstrate potential usefulness to our customers
Analyze data from disparate sources including images, video, radar, signals and more
Brainstorm solutions to the toughest problems alongside a team of smart, creative, passionate engineers
Participate in machine learning brownbag sessions and other forms of collaborative learning to keep abreast of the constant changes in Machine and Deep Learning
Required skills:
Strong problem-solving skills combined with deep intellectual curiosity and the desire to push technical boundaries
Strong coding skills- preferably in Python, C/C++, Julia or other object-oriented language in a Linux environment
Software development skills and the desire to work on cutting edge development in a Cloud environment
Deep understanding of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of computer vision and/or signal processing including techniques for classification and feature extraction
Excellent oral, written, presentation and communication skills
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field. Advance degrees welcome
US Citizenship- Must be a US Citizen eligible to maintain a US Government security clearance
Desired skills:
Experience with deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Caffe or Keras
About Expedition Technology

At Expedition Technology, we push the boundaries of what is possible every day. Our engineers work on the most challenging problems in Computer Vision, Digital Signal Processing and Software Engineering from a Machine Learning/Deep Learning perspective and collaborate to find the answers. We are a research-focused company whose mission it is to solve our customers most pressing needs in a creative, novel manner.

Expedition Technology offers self-directed, company-paid Medical, Dental and Vision benefits and the freedom to allow you to select which benefits matter most. We offer a 401k with a generous company match, a student loan repayment program, equity shares, paid holidays, paid time off and an education reimbursement allowance. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

Interested in joining our team? Lets explore together.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
117,Senior Data Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them . . .
GNS Healthcare applies a powerful form of AI called causal machine learning to predict which treatments and care management programs will work for which patients, improving individual patient outcomes and the health of populations while reducing the total cost of care.

Headquartered in the biotechnology and health IT center of Cambridge, MA, our patented REFS technology is based on recent breakthroughs in causal machine learning and AI that transforms massive quantities of patient data into computer models of disease at molecular, patient, and health system levels. These computer models power up solutions, products, and services that health plans, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, and patient foundations utilize to slow disease progression, reduce adverse events and hospitalization, and improve therapeutic effectiveness. Our platforms and solutions have been validated across more than 45 diseases including oncology, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, neurology, etc. and have appeared in over 50 peer-reviewed publications.

Position Summary

The Senior Data Scientist will join a dynamic team responsible for start-to-finish work on the analysis and interpretation of real-world datasets using GNSs powerful cloud-based analytics platform. We are looking for someone who thrives working in a fast-paced, exciting, and collaborative environment in one of the most cutting-edge industries where big data analytics meets healthcare. You will help manage real world data, as well as create and interpret data-frames for modeling and analysis. You will collaborate with our research scientists to carry out analysis projects using our proprietary, supercomputer-powered Bayesian network modeling and simulation platform, and will synthesize these results into meaningful reports for clients and product development.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal research teams and clients to evaluate study design, define research questions, design data frames, write statistical analysis plans/study protocols, conduct analyses, and participate in the full research process, including client presentation and publication
Communicate highly technical results and methods clearly to clients, discuss how to incorporate information into their processes, and achieve high client satisfaction
Troubleshoot with clients and internal stakeholders to refine and optimize models
Provide scientific communications to peer-reviewed journals and publications
Develop data frames of high complexity while adhering to a project-based timeline
Perform data manipulations and develop algorithms on multi-data sets that create the analytic files necessary to support analyses.
Consult on how to use data to perform predictive and causal modeling using both proprietary and off-the-shelf tools.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
Masters Degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent practical experience
3-5 years of experience working with advanced ML techniques, probability theory, Bayesian analysis, or causal inference methods
Experience working with biomedical data/ population health data, EHR or claims data
Demonstrated experience working with programming languages R and SQL
Strong written and verbal communication; an ability to communicate technical material to non-technical audiences simply and clearly and collaborate well on a team
Strong drive for problem solving, especially around data frame construction and interpretation
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with large, complex, or unstructured data requiring post-processing to use effectively
Familiarity with the UNIX and cluster computing environment
Company Culture

Our philosophy at GNS is simple: we cannot transform healthcare with anything less than an all-star team. We are seeking smart, driven people who are experts in their field, have a track record of success and a passion for creating change. We believe that strong teams supercharge the performance of individuals, create a fun and dynamic workplace and great results for our clients and the people they serve.

We are passionate about our work and believe in the ability of our technology to change the world. Our core values of integrity, collaboration, value, diversity, and game-changing guide our behaviors with each other and our clients.

GNS offers competitive salaries, stock options, unlimited vacation, health, dental and vision insurance, life insurance, long-term disability, 401(k), generous parental leave, tuition reimbursement, professional development, subsidized parking and gym membership, tasty food, volunteering opportunities, social gatherings, and more.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GNS Healthcare provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or conditions related to pregnancy, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GNS Healthcare complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

Powered by JazzHR",3.0,"GNS Healthcare
3.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
118,Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Job Title: Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations

City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois

Job Description

Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products, we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for an Operations Senior Data Scientist to join our team located at our Company Headquarters in Lake Forest, IL.

Your Role:

As an Operations Senior Data Scientist, you will primarily be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will prepare data insights and proposals in narrative and visual forms and leverage advanced data science methods to discover opportunities to increase equipment effectiveness, reduce costs and provide insights to plants on process disruptions. You will have the opportunity to:
Improve the manufacturing process by formulating hypotheses, conducting experiments and delivering improvements to KPIs based on findings
Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant equipment
Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights
Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency
Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights.

You will love it here if…
You are not only a team-player, but you foster a collaborative team environment
You are analytic, enjoy new challenges and thrive in a fast paced manufacturing operation
You are committed to operational excellence and to keeping others safe in the workplace
We need you to have:
A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python, Machine Learning
3-5 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes
3-5 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies
Experience in AWS Analytics platform
SQL query skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field
Icing on the cake:
Experience developing and implementing predictive maintenance and predictive quality models
Data visualization skills in Power BI
Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html

The poster and the supplement can be found on this link.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.",3.6,"Reynolds Consumer Products
3.6","Lake Forest, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
119,Data Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Now Hiring a Data Engineer

As a Data Engineer, you will use cutting edge cloud and data technologies to streamline services to our clients. Join our team of Data and Cloud professionals and accomplish what others only dream of. This is a remote position, but may require travel to Chevy Chase, Maryland as needed.

Profile of Success:
Work in a team using cutting edge technologies to solve challenging business problems and build solutions
Interact directly with our client(s) to understand their needs and meet, or exceed their expectations by meeting delivery deadlines
Work in an agile environment with participation in daily stand-ups/scrum
Design, write, test, troubleshoot, and document data transformations
Learn new technologies and be aware of industry standards, best practices, and trends.
Required Skills
3+ years of experience working with Scala
Hands on Programming experience in Scala with Spark for ETL
Advanced SQL skills
Possess Hive skills with HiveQL.
Experience in designing efficient and robust ETL/ELT workflows, schedulers using Oozie, and event-based triggers
Experience as a Big Data Developer
Exposure to NoSQL databases, HBase, and the Hadoop Ecosystem
Proven ability to work with clients to understand requirements and envision data ingestion solutions
Desirable Skills
Experience with the Azure storage technologies (Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL Database)
Knowledge of Azure data movement and transformation capabilities (Azure Data Factory, Data Lake Analytics, Data Bricks, Stream Analytics)
Knowledge of Talend ETL
Microsoft related certifications such as the MCSD/MCSE",4.5,"Applied Information Sciences
4.5","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
120,Data Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary Description

nbkc isn’t your average bank. We take your traditional financial institution and make it better. Personal checking and savings accounts, home loans, business accounts— we do all of that. We’re cool about it, though.

We know what we offer our customers is only as good as the people behind the scenes who keep it going. That’s why we make sure you’re supported and encouraged along the way. You’ll work with awesome people in a fun and forward-thinking environment and accomplish plenty of things you’ll wanna brag about.

We are currently looking for adata engineer to join our rockstar Data Analytics team. Check out the details below.

What you’ll do

• Deploy your problem solving and modeling capabilities on one of the most data-rich industries around: finance
• Contribute to all facets of the data ecosystem (storage, pipelines, reporting, etc.)
• Work directly with key business leaders to deliver insight that has a real impact on the bank and its customers
• Play an integral role in designing and building nbkc’s data architecture
• Keep pace with the latest research and cutting-edge open source projects in the field today.
• Automate the movement of data throughout the bank
• Support the progression and maturation of nbkc into the data science space

What you’ll bring

• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Analytics or related field
• 3+ years of work experience in data engineering, software development, data visualization or related topics
• 3+ years of experience writing production-oriented Python including major data libraries (Pandas, NumPy, etc.)
• 3+ years of experience with SQL
• A positive, self-motivated disposition and an excitement to tackle challenging problems
• Ability to communicate precisely on complex topics
• Knowledge of ETL and data warehousing best practices and processes
• Proficiency with relational and non-relational databases
• Ability to work comfortably in a Linux command line environment
• Familiarity working with cloud platforms
• Experience with git or other VCS
• Familiarity with machine learning principles

Bonus Points
• Experience building components in Microsoft Azure
• Familiarity with Microsoft Power BI or other visualization tools
• Experience with data pipelines like Luigi or AirFlow

Our Hiring Process
After our HR team reviews your application and feels you’re a potential fit we will reach out with next steps. Things move fast at nbkc bank, and we work hard to meet our candidates on their time- sometimes that’s a phone screen, video interview, or even a cup of coffee before coming in to check out our space and meet our team. We are committed to keeping you updated along the way.
Here’s what you can look forward to when you join our team:
Benefits:
• Take care of yourself and your family with our comprehensive health coverage
• Save more for your future with our 401k retirement savings plan + a sweet company match with immediate vesting.
• Enjoy 4 weeks of paid time off, 10 paid holidays, and 8 paid volunteer hours per year
• Spend time bonding with your family with paid parental leave options

Wellness:
• On-site gym facilities, personal trainer, and yoga instructor will get you moving
• On-site flu shots and health screenings make it easy to stay healthy
• Professional coaching and learning sessions help you build the career you want

Working here:
• Casual dress code and work environment let you be yourself
• Arcade games and open spaces to meet and work on every floor keep your brain moving
• Flexible schedules let you take care of what you need to in and out of the office
• Enjoy a $1000 travel voucher or an extra week of PTO for your 5-year anniversary
• Take a 4-week paid sabbatical for your 10-, 18-, and 25-year anniversaries

Awards + accolades
We’ve been named one of KC’s Best Places to Work by Glassdoor in 2019 and the KCBJ in 2017, 2018,& 2019 ( yes, that’s a three-peat)... won a Glassdoor Top-Rated CEO Award, are Health KC Platinum certified, and were nominated as one of KCBJ’s coolest office spaces in town.
Our customers love us too. All our 5-star reviews? We know that’s a direct result of our employees feeling supported, valued, and invested in everything they do at nbkc.
Needless to say... people really like working here.
And we think you will too.
Join us to find out!

Work Authorization/Sponsorship
At this time, we're not able to consider candidates needing sponsorship now or in the future or those needing work authorization for this role. (This includes students on F1-OPT, F1-CPT, J-1, etc.) However, we’d hope you continue to keep us in mind for future opportunities.

nbkc bank is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer– Minority/Female /
Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation",4.7,"NBKC Bank
4.7","Kansas City, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
121,Machine Learning - Computer Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking a Senior / Lead Computer Scientist to cultivate and lead highly skilled technical staff to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics. As our Computer Scientist you will promote and provide MITRE-unique value across multiple sponsors. Additionally, you will be expected to initiate and contribute to various research projects & efforts across MITRE and in collaboration with academia, industry and sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with academia, industry and MITRE Technical Centers, portfolio and program divisions in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Work with department leadership to develop and evolve an enduring, adaptive and forward-looking strategy and capability advancing the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, and Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and provide technical guidance and quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes, strong leadership and transition of research results to sponsor operations
Provide exemplary leadership, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff related to Department domain knowledge or capabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field
5 + years applicable experience including machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Hands on work experience will include tools / packages such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Outstanding presentation skills, both development & delivery, are required for both MITRE facing and Sponsor facing communications
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government clearance are preferred
Proven experience with cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
122,Senior Data Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse engineering teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/

Position Summary:

As a member of the Software Engineering team, the Senior Data Engineer owns the definition, execution, and delivery of technical architecture for Brain Corporation's Product Analytics team. Your work will improve the quality, reliability, accuracy, and consistency of our data. You will help build project-specific data pipelines and validation tools. You will have a hands-on role with product specialists and be responsible for working with them to understand data requirements and then implement those requirements in software.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Fully own critical portions of Brain Corporation's product analytics data model.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand needs, model tables using data warehouse best practices, and develop data pipelines to ensure the timely delivery of high-quality data.
Work with technical and product stakeholders to understand data-oriented project requirements.
Write code that is understandable, simple, and easy to maintain.
Design, implement and ensure the accuracy of validation and related services for data models.
Think and work agile, including automated testing, continuous integration and deployment.
Manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritizing when necessary.
What you need:
Bachelor's in Computer Science or other related field.
5-8+ years software development experience.
Passionate about data quality and delivering effective data to impact the business.
Experience with sourcing and modeling data from application REST-like APIs.
MPP/Cloud data warehouse solutions (Snowflake, etc).
Proficiency in SQL, experience writing ETLs.
Proficiency in JavaScript/Node.js, Python, or willingness to translate experience in equivalent language.
Things that make a difference:
Master's in Computer Science or other related field.
Experience with Kafka, AMQP or other message bus.
OpenAPI/Swagger.
Express.js, NestJS.
SAML, OKTA.
Azure experience is a plus.
Being comfortable outside of your comfort zone - explore new tech, make your own tool, or find a new way to address an old problem.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; using hands to finger, grasp, and feel; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; lift, push, carry, or pull up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employee is exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones.",3.5,"Brain Corp
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
123,Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position: *Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist
Position Summary: *LiveBx seeks to fill a position for a full-time Laser Development and Optical Imaging Research Scientist, to join its diverse and talented design group. This individual will contribute to the development of novel label-free imaging technologies, working side-by-side proven scientific leaders that continue to push the boundaries of innovation in this rapidly expanding field. The candidate will have a key role in the design of robust femtosecond lasers, operate the corresponding optical imaging technologies and systems, and perform/manage translational imaging studies involving cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, and human tissue specimens. This position will work closely with research personnel at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign Biophotonics Imaging Laboratory, LiveBx company founders, as well as closely interface with market leading customers, industry partners, and R&D collaborators.
Compensation: *Base salary $60,000 - $80,000 annually with benefits; Additional incentive compensation available for meeting project and company milestones, including an equity profits interest for advanced candidates.
Duties and Responsibilities*:

• Innovate and develop robust fiber-based femtosecond lasers for nonlinear optical imaging applications.

• Innovate and develop novel nonlinear optical imaging systems, including both hardware and software, for applications in biological discovery and translational biomedical imaging.

• Develop and design fiber-optic-based beam delivery systems for multimodal nonlinear imaging.

• Evaluate and modify current system software and algorithms, hardware control and data acquisition software, user interfaces, and software for data storage and communication.

• Perform qualitative and quantitative imaging using various optical imaging systems on cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, and/or human tissue specimens using established procedures and independent judgment to determine probable causes for low- and high- quality images.

• Perform established quality assurance procedures (quality control testing, instrument function checks and calibrations), maintain appropriate documentation, and report irregularities per company policy.

• Assess accuracy and validity of obtained test results by applying knowledge of relevant scientific principles, recognize changes that are critical to research studies, and identify probable causes for irregular and atypical findings.

• Maintain records of tests, examinations, and final results for all record functions and inquiries related to imaging human tissue specimens.

• Continue to develop professionally (e.g., member of professional society, attend conferences, and keep up on latest advances in the field).

Education and Experience*:

• B.S/M.S. (Ph.D. preferred) degree in optical engineering or the physical sciences.
• 3+ years of research experience in ultrafast optics and/or nonlinear optical imaging.
Key Competencies*
• Understanding of optical systems design principles.
• Must be a results-driven self-starter with the ability to work independently as well as collaborate with team members on projects and initiatives.
• Proven ability to design, assemble, and validate complex optical systems through hands- on laboratory experimentation and development.
• Aptitude in decision-making and problem-solving.
• Strong analytical and data-driven mindset that translates into innovation and robust designs.
• Flexibility and adaptability in priorities, tasks, and schedule.
• Highly organized and detail oriented.
• The ability to multi-task, prioritize, plan, and use time efficiently to stay on point, work with a sense of urgency, and meet deadlines is crucial.
• Ability to use discretion and maintain a high level of confidentiality.
• Effectively and professionally convey information, internally and externally, through verbal and written communication skills.
Preferred Qualifications*
• 7+ years of research experience in ultrafast optics and/or nonlinear optical imaging.
• 3+ years of industry experience in designing robust and manufacturable lasers.
• Direct technical expertise in ultra-fast lasers, non-linear optics, and laser source engineering.
• Skilled in the use of optical design, system control, and analysis tools such as Zemax and Matlab.
• Training or experience in crafting grant proposals, responding to FOAs from federal agencies (NIH, NSF, DoD, AFOSR, etc.).
• Knowledge of industry safety standards including CDRH, CE, UL, and laboratory safety compliance.
• Demonstrated leadership in optical engineering.
• Imaging of biological specimens utilizing microscopy-based imaging systems.
• Experience working with cell lines, _in vitro_ tissue models, animal models, and/or human tissue specimens.
• Enjoy working on and with diverse interdisciplinary teams.

This is a full-time, benefits-eligible position. Compensation is commensurate with skills and experience.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.livebiopsy.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,LiveBx,"Champaign, IL",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
124,Aviation Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems. Key Functions: The successful candidate will be part of a team conducting analyses of multiple, integrated sets of aviation, weather, and other related data to identify ways to improve predictive models, identify trends impacting operations, and apply machine learning techniques to solve complex problems. Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: - Experience using tools such as Java, R, and Python to prepare and analyze time series data. - Coding, data modeling, simulation, and data visualization experience (e.g., Tableau). - Excellent statistical and mathematical skills. - Excellent written and verbal communications skills. - Experience with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. - Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn). - Knowledge of Hadoop (e.g., Pig, Spark) or another distributed computing system. - Past experience working in the aviation domain and with aviation data. Skill is desired, but not required. Minimum Qualifications: BS in Data Science, Machine Learning, or related field of study.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
125,Data Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Position


Mist, a Juniper Company, is the first vendor to bring enterprise-grade Wi-Fi, BLE and IoT together through a highly scalable cloud architecture. Our mission is to deliver personalized location-based wireless services by making Wi-Fi predictable, reliable and measurable. At Mist, we built the first AI-empowered platform to provide an unprecedented visibility into the user experience. Mist is the new global standard for many fortune 500 companies.

The mission of the Data Science team at Mist is to deliver AI driven self-driving network solution. We build analytics infrastructure, insights, models and tools, to empower our AI platform. Data Engineers on the team will be the enabler and amplifiers. This position offers limitless opportunities for an ambitious data science engineer to make an immediate and meaningful impact within a hyper growth team.

We are looking for a talented and driven individual to partner closely with data scientists, build and scale our self-driving network solution. He/she is encouraged to think out of the box and play with the latest technologies while exploring their limits. Successful candidates will have strong technical capabilities, a can-do attitude, and are highly collaborative.

Minimum Qualifications:
Fluent with Python, Java, or Scala
5+ years of experience of developing and managing streaming or batch data pipelines. Hands on experience with either one or all, Storm, Spark, Kafka and Flink .
Familiarity with cloud based platforms - AWS or GCP
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
Highly motivated to build a great product and great codebase in a fast-paced environment
Strong communication skills with a growth and learning mindset
Preferred Qualifications:

MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or other Engineering majors with 10+ years of total experience.
Knowledge and experiences of using machine learning tools such as Numpy, ScikitLearn, MLlib, Tensorflow
Juniper Networks is enrolled in E-Verify® and will be participating in E-Verify in addition to our Form I-9 process. www.dhs.gov/E-Verify
Juniper Networks is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.",3.9,"Juniper Networks
3.9","Cupertino, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
126,Machine Learning Engineer,$56k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Machine Learning Engineer Northern, VA

Machine Learning Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Machine Learning (ML) Engineers to produce automated anomaly/object detection and characterization, forecasting, optimization, and recommendation solutions to national security challenges using modular, cloud-native, API-centric approaches. These solutions will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on incorporating machine learning insights to automate and scale analysis and improve decision support. Teams will be working in a highly collaborative environment and expected to identify opportunities to apply and improve data-driven insights and support related design and development within big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Engage with mission owners/operators to discover applications for ML, set project expectations, define requirements, and review results
Design and develop reusable workflows for data integration, transformation, and feature engineering required to train models
Train and validate models, often in big data, distributed environments
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand data and model-derived insights
Perform model introspection to understand model behaviors and explain predictions
Visualize data and model-derived insights to communicate internally and externally
Integrate models into operational systems
Lead trade studies, analyses of alternatives, and assessments of existing systems
Develops or provides input to engineering artifacts
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 5 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Ability to describe the data assumptions and processing steps of common machine learning methods, and which methods are appropriate for a variety of use cases
Expertise with ML libraries, like Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, PySpark, MXNet, MLib, and Weka
Experience with ML platforms, like KNIME, Spark, SageMaker, H2O, and TensorFlow
Familiarity with Java, Python, and SQL including related ecosystems and frameworks, like Eclipse and Jupyter Notebook
Familiarity with visualization tools, preferably Qlik, Tableau, Plotly, Kibana, Matplotlib, and QGis
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong written and oral communications skills
Able to work independently and self-identify tasks
Ability to review and maintain existing code and applications
Ability to research and evaluate new concepts and processes to improve performance
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with time series forecasting
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Machine Learning Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
127,Data Scientist BSLEF8,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
128,"Senior Data Scientist, Masters Degree",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you enjoy designing enterprise level research and analytic frameworks? At Procter & Gamble, you will use Big Data and advanced analytics to direct the engagement of our marketing business leaders as well as collaborating actively across functional partners to accomplish various project objectives! We are looking for someone who can execute research and analytics, including data source identification, processing, model/algorithm development. Ultimately your models will result in meaningful recommendations which will drive business value creation.

You will be active in the data and algorithm development, using artificial intelligence and analytic tools (R, Python, Scala, Spark, Hadoop, KNIME, etc.) to unlock business building insights in our mountains of data. Your skills should include demonstrating such technologies for solving ad hoc business problems, innovating on potential future solutions, and working with technology partners to translate your innovations into robust, scaled, analytic solutions applied to retail problems.

At P&G, Data Scientists are Business Leaders! You should be an effective communicator, self-motivated, and able to drive insights into actions that improve P&G's business results. Your Business knowledge, interpersonal/communication skills are therefore a requirement to thrive in a multi- functional leadership team.

We need someone who is passionate about analytics. Your analytic skills are the foundation of this role. The ability to mine terabytes of data, derive impactful insights, and then translate those insights into business improving action is crucial in our work. You will need to be the primary evangelist to the business for the power of predictive analysis and develop business cases to illustrate the potential for change in decision-making that occurs when you begin to anticipate what will happen, versus just reflecting on what has occurred.

To be a good fit for the Senior Data Scientist position, you will have:

Required:
Masters Degree in degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Data Science, Business Analytics, Operation Research, Software Development, or a similar quantitative field.
At least 3 years experience as a Data Scientist
Scientific Computing: R or Python
Hands on capability in applying and scaling large and complex Data Science Algorithms or Models.
Machine Learning, including Deep Learning
Preferred(at least three of the below):
Experience working with granular media data including programmatic environments, .com, search optimization, customer-relationship management.
Bayesian Analysis, Bayesian Decision Theory
Optimization (global, local, stochastic methods)
Dynamic (state-space) Models (Kalman Filter, Data Assimilation)
Model Reduction, Dimensionality Reduction
Big Data Ecosystem: Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce, SQL, Hive
High-Performance Parallel and Distributing Computing
Business Intelligence tools: such as KNIME, Tableau, Power BI
About us
We produce globally recognized brands and we grow the best business leaders in the industry. With a portfolio of trusted brands as diverse as ours, it is paramount our leaders are able to lead with courage the vast array of brands, categories and functions. We serve consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ariel®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Herbal Essences®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, Tampax® and more. Our community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide.

Visit http://www.pg.com to know more.

Our consumers are diverse and our talents - internally - mirror this diversity to best serve it. That is why we're committed to building a winning culture based on Inclusion and our ideal candidate is passionate about the same principle: you will join our daily effort of being ""in touch"" so we craft brands and products to improve the lives of the world's consumers now and in the future. We want you to inspire us with your unrivaled ideas.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor.

Immigration sponsorship is not available for this role. As a general matter, Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for nonimmigrant visas or permanent residency. However, Procter & Gamble may make exceptions on a discretionary basis. Any exceptions would be based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual.

Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law.

Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.

MQualificlearly detai",4.2,"Procter & Gamble
4.2","Cincinnati, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1837,Company - Public,-1,-1,$10+ billion (USD),-1
129,Data Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Cadent powers the evolution of TV brand advertising. We provide marketers, agencies, operators, and media owners with data-driven solutions for buying and selling TV advertising. By connecting brands with opportunities across national inventory sourcescable, broadcast, and digital mediaour technology improves efficiencies and boosts the results of linear, addressable, and cross-screen campaigns.

Right now we are looking for a self motivated Data Engineer to join the team responsible for ingesting, processing, and distributing the data used by Cadent's data-driven business systems. This position will work directly with our Data Science, Business Intelligence and Software Development teams to produce these systems.

About you:
You have a strong aptitude for querying data sets from heterogeneous sourcesboth structured and unstructured
You have commercial experience with both distributed systems, e.g. Hadoop and Spark, cloud ecosystems like AWS and Azure, and traditional relational database systems
You have a conceptual understanding of advanced numerical programming and will be able to verbalize the story of the data in business terms.
You can easily work with a diverse team to achieve a common goal
What you will do:
Process unstructured data into a form suitable for data consumers
Create data pipelines from various data sources through the different data lake zones to make data available for query and reporting
Collaborate with data scientists on data selection, preprocessing and formatting for analysis
Collaborate with software development teams to productize analytical tool prototypes
Collaborate with business stakeholders and third parties to improve external data sources
Support business decisions with ad hoc data analysis as needed
Actively participate in architecting Cadent's Data Lake solution.
Your education and experience:
B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
3 years of commercial development of efficient and robust ETL and data processing workflows
2 years of commercial experience with AWS or Azure ecosystem and Spark programming
Experience with AWS S3, Glue, Athena, Lambda, EC2 desirable
3 years of commercial experience programming in a functional programming language such as Scala and/or an object-oriented programming language such as Java/C#/Python
Commercial experience with relational database management systems and SQL queries
Demonstrable analytical and quantitative numerical programming experience
Good presentation and communication skillsvisual and verbal
Experience working in both Unix/Linux and Windows environments is a plus.


If the leading edge of media technology is the place you want to be, please contact us today and let's start the conversation!

/CADENT/ is an EOE M/F/D/V. We do not work with 3rd Party Staffing Agencies.

]]>",2.9,"Cadent
2.9","Philadelphia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
130,Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Imperfect

Imperfect Foods was founded in 2015 with a mission to reduce food waste and build a better food system for everyone. We offer imperfect (yet delicious) produce, affordable pantry items, and quality meat and dairy. We deliver them conveniently to our customers’ doorsteps and pride ourselves on offering up to a 30% discount compared to grocery store prices. Our customers can get the healthy, seasonal produce they want alongside the grocery staples they rely on, without having to compromise their budget or values. We’re proving that doing the right thing for the planet doesn’t have to cost more, and that shopping for quality ingredients can support the people and resources that it takes to grow our favorite foods.

We're headquartered in San Francisco with operations all over the country. Check our website to see if there is an Imperfect near you!

We're looking for folks who are positive, motivated, and ready to change the world. If that sounds like you, drop us a line!

How we are protecting employees from COVID-19

At Imperfect Foods, employee health and safety is our top priority. We have implemented processes and precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in our facilities. We provide gloves, masks, and hand sanitizer to all essential employees who must report to work. Before entering our warehouse, employees have their temperatures checked. In addition, we take great care to ensure frequently touched surfaces are sanitized throughout the day and all warehouses are fully sanitized weekly.

We have also implemented an Emergency Sick Leave policy providing full-time and part-time employees 2 additional weeks of paid time off and up to 26 weeks paid leave if they have a confirmed case of COVID-19.

About the Role:

We're looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our Business Intelligence team. The ideal candidate will develop and automate algorithms that integrate with various parts of the business to better our customer understanding, improve our customer experience, and drive operational efficiency. Our Data Scientist will collaborate with departments across the company, including Marketing, Operations, and Engineering, for a wide and deep impact. Some example projects include demand forecasting to help with warehouse labor and inventory planning, optimizations to improve warehouse efficiency, personalization and recommendation algorithms to enable customers to discover relevant products, and product subscription cadence optimization. As an early member of the data science team, your role will influence the tech stack and frameworks we develop. This role requires analytical horsepower to efficiently analyze, and communication skills to tell a story with data.

If you like the idea of swimming in data, fighting food waste, and working with a cohesive and productive team, we want to hear from you!
Responsibilities:
Build production grade models on large-scale datasets by utilizing sophisticated statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining techniques
Provide in-depth analyses and insights for strategic and business initiatives, while maintaining analytics roadmap to prioritize initiatives, communicate timelines, and ensure successful, timely completion of projects
Collaborate cross-functionally to identify impactful business problems and translate them into structured analyses, measurable insights, and reports and dashboards
Assist with the development and deployment of analytical tools and develop custom models to observe progress, uncover insights in the data, and automate analyses
Participate in code reviews and software development standard methodologies
Skills and Qualifications:
3+ years of professional experience as a data scientist, including deploying and maintaining code in a production environment
Confident with machine learning techniques and sophisticated analytics (e.g. regression, classification, clustering, time series, econometrics, mathematical optimization)
Highly skilled in SQL and Python. Experience running complex analytics in a scripting language
Bonus: experience using R and other languages
Has a solid grasp of statistical applications and methods (experimentation, probabilities)
Experience with preparing large data sets for analysis
About You:
You're able to clearly and dynamically translate data into a relevant story with initiative partners, including technical and non-technical audiences
You demonstrate intellectual curiosity, and a knack for translating information into impactful insights, with data big, small, structured, and imprecise
You have the insight to take ambiguous problems and tackle them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported way
You're a self-starter with the ability to prioritize multiple projects at once
You're passionate about our mission to eliminate food waste and create a better food system for all
Details of the Position:
Full-time exempt position reporting to the Director of Business Intelligence
Candidate can be remotely located within the US
Salary and employee stock options commensurate with experienceCompetitive benefits package including health care, paid vacation, 401K, paid parental leave, and recurring credit towards your Imperfect account!
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary work; involves sitting most of the time
Occasional movement around the office may be necessary
Regular work with computers, including keyboards, mouses, and screens
Regular use of mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets
Individuals seeking employment at Imperfect Foods are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.

U.S. E-Verify Notice: Imperfect Foods participates in E-Verify in the United States. Imperfect will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.",3.4,"Imperfect Foods
3.4",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
131,"R&D Scientist, Associate",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Improve Lives—that’s what drives us. It’s what makes us better, more innovative, more compelled to work harder. What we do is develop superior point-of-care rapid testing solutions for healthcare providers around the world; what we help create is healthier lives and communities.
Position Summary*: The R&D Scientist, Associate is responsible for performing experiments to develop and refine state-of-the-art assays for the detection of infectious diseases.
Duties & Responsibilities* include but are not limited to:
° Responsible for the preparation and application of all buffers, test lines, control lines, and other components used in Chembio diagnostic products

° Analyzes data

° Writes summaries and reports

° Performing daily and weekly instrument calibrations as indicated

° Responsible for maintaining neat and accurate batch records as either an operator or a witness during all procedures

° Compliance with regulatory standards. Adherence to all OSHA compliance laws and to the requirements of the USDA and FDA

° Compliance to the requirements of cGMP’s

° Maintenance of equipment and work area as directed

° Reporting deviations to established processes

Qualifications Required*:

° Bachelor’s degree in a Life Science or related field

° Attention to detail and proficient record keeping

° Computer literate, familiar with Microsoft Office
COMPANY PROFILE*
Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc. is a public company serving the increasing global demand for rapid tests needed for the effective prevention and treatment of infectious diseases and other conditions. Located minutes off the Long Island Expressway in Medford, NY, Chembio operates a research and manufacturing facility that is registered with the US FDA.

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation

For more information about Chembio Diagnostic Systems Inc., please visit our website.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc.
2.6","Medford, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
132,Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Acuity is seeking a Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist to use statistical knowledge and research skills to solve business problems. The Research Statistician will develop, implement, and interpret statistical models with a strong emphasis on data mining and statistical/predictive modeling. Provides work direction.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Identifies and acquires additional data sources, both internal and external, that can be used to enhance analyses.
Lead the development of analytical models to drive superior business outcomes.
Develop in-depth understanding of drivers for optimization by utilizing statistics and data mining techniques.
Using latest PC tools, develop, enhance and monitor reports and models for other business areas.
Evaluate and use Data Mining Tools.
Support, train, encourage, consult other areas in the company and provide actionable information to management.
Continually monitor database information and future needs.
Explore and acquire data from outside sources.
Use database tools to support other departments
Regular and predictable attendance.
Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION:
Masters/PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or Computer Science
EXPERIENCE:
5 years P&C insurance, modelling and project leader experience. Programming skills including SAS and R.
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong interpersonal, quantitative, problem-solving, computer and conceptual skills.
Aptitude in predictive modeling, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining techniques and mathematical statistics.
Ability to apply strong programming and data management skills.
Knowledge of and experience with at least one major computer programming language or advanced syntax in a major statistical package.
This job is classified as exempt.",4.9,"Acuity Insurance
4.9","Sheboygan, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
133,Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Required Skills:

• Ph.D. (or MS with 4+ years of post MS experience) in Statistics, Mathematics, or closely related field

• 2 years of experience in using statistical or machine learning methodologies to solve research problems

• Proficiency in R and/or Python or in another high-level programming language

• Experience in developing statistical, and machine learning models

• Experience analyzing and presenting complex data and proven problem-solving abilities

• Strong publication record in leading scientific journals

• Strong organizational, interpersonal, and written communication skills

Desired Skills:

• Experience working with time-series data and forecasting is highly desired

• Experience with building data and analytics pipeline and automation is highly desired

• Drive for translating business problems into research initiatives that deliver business value

• Creativity in defining challenging exploratory projects",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
134,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. You will be responsible for generation, maintenance and delivery (ad hoc, on-demand and automated) of basic reporting and data requests throughout the organization. Utilizing numerous types of data, both modeled and disparate, this analyst will produce accurate, timely reports as requested for various levels of management that is essential for decision-making and performance management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision.

In This Role You Will...
Support in designing, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions organization-wide. Additionally, this role will maintain proper documentation for all ad-hoc, on-demand and standard/regularly-occurring reports distributed.
Takes initiative to learn new types of data with regular guidance from BI leadership by exploring data as well as research into business processes/workflows generating the data
Gains understanding that is critical for delivering accurate report results.
Works with Data Governance to ensure new data is properly documented and understood.
Pursues and shows consistent growth in relevant, technical skills such as SQL, SSRS & Sales Force reporting.
Accumulates and retains knowledge of business practices/procedures at CCM quickly, using this information to think critically about all reporting requests received.
Builds accurate views and queries for use by the organization and potentially other BI analysts, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Assists in conversion of legacy/queries reports in Microsoft Access to other tools like SQL, SSRS, Sales Force Reporting or Tableau
Learns to address expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of reports, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings.
Works in collaboration with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Establishes strong working relationships with the business, taking the initiative to help internal customers refine the scope of reporting requests to ensure internal customers are asking for the data they actually want.
Partners with Data Services and Governance team to address Data Quality and Governance issues that arise, making recommendations as necessary for trends/issues that are discovered
Collaborates with the BI team to develop relevant and repeatable policies and procedures for preparing business reports and departmental processes
Under the direction/guidance of BI's Tableau Developer/Data Analyst, develops dashboards and visualizations in Tableau for consumption by the organization as assigned by department leadership.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Understanding of modern business analytics technology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data and ensure accuracy
Ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
0-2 years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.3,"Christian Care Ministry
3.3","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
135,Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Date: Sep 8, 2020

Ericsson Inc. does not sponsor US work authorization for this job position including H-1B, O-1, L-1 and TN. Ericsson also does not hire F-1’s working on EAD for this position.

As the tech firm that created the mobile world, and with more than 54,000 patents to our name, we’ve made it our business to make a mark. When joining our team at Ericsson you are empowered to learn, lead and perform at your best, shaping the future of technology. This is a place where you're welcomed as your own perfectly unique self, and celebrated for the skills, talent, and perspective you bring to the team. Are you in?

Come, and be where it begins.

Our Exciting Opportunity!


— You get to work with an outstanding local and international team, while interacting closely with our customers

— You have the ability to influence and drive exciting, complicated projects

— You can remove barriers and address sophisticated situations with regards to technical challenges in applications development

You will


—Define how we instrument, prioritize, and store data that powers AI/ML solutions

—Design and implement scalable and durable data models for our data

—Evolve and optimize our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as, optimizing data flow and collection for multi-functional teams. You will also be responsible for integrating them with the architecture used across the company

— Support our Data Science teams, partners on data initiatives and ensure efficient data and model architecture is crafted and implemented optimally

—Develop the end-to-end automation of data pipelines, making datasets readily-consumable by the data science teams or downstream AI/ML applications

— Empower junior team members and lead by example

To be successful in the role you must have


— Have Advanced degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or a related discipline

— Have 2-3 years hands on experiences on building data pipeline, data models, data solutions from scratch, industry experience preferred

— Have expertise in Data Engineering and relevant technologies (e.g. Spark, Python, Kubernetes)

— Comfortable with complex SQL

— Balance the practical considerations on resources, efficiency, footprint requirement when designing a solution or architecture

— Have experience in batch and streaming data architectures like Kafka, Kinesis, Flink, Storm, Beam

— Have expertise in various types of data base structures (object storage, document or key-value stores, graph databases, column-family databases)

— Have excellent coding skills (python, Java, C++ or Scala)

— Ability to work in different time zones supporting cross geographical teams

— Understand the Data Lifecycle and concepts such as lineage, governance, privacy, retention, anonymity, etc

— Expertise in production support and troubleshooting

— Be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data engineering needs of multiple teams, systems and products.

— Excel at taking vague requirements and crystallizing them into scalable data solutions

What´s in it for you?


Here at Ericsson, our culture is built on over a century of courageous decisions. With us, you will no longer be dreaming of what the future holds – you will be redefining it. You won’t develop for the status quo, but will build what replaces it. Joining us is a way to move your career in any direction you want; with hundreds of career opportunities in locations all over the world, in a place where co-creation and collaboration are embedded into the walls. You will find yourself in a speak-up environment where empathy and humanness serve as cornerstones for how we work, and where work-life balance is a priority. Welcome to an inclusive, global company where your opportunity to make an impact is endless.

**LI-SP1


Do you believe that an organization fostering an environment of cooperation and collaboration to execute with speed creates better business value? Do you value a culture of humanness, where fact based decisions are important and our people are encouraged to speak up? Do you believe that diverse, inclusive teams drive performance and innovation? At Ericsson, we do.

DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development.

Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information.

Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericssons legal duty to furnish information.

Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf.

Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance.

Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Santa Clara || ProdMgt",3.5,"Ericsson-Worldwide
3.5","Santa Clara, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1876,Company - Public,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
136,Sr Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work with one of our US-based clients, which is one of the oldest and most trusted sources of global and financial news. In addition to print news, our client owns one of the most popular websites in the world and diversified its business across a range of media including information services, book publishing, and digital real estate services.

The team will be architecting a highly-scalable platform to power data acquisition, categorization, calculations, and visualization.
You are the one if you have:
At least five years of experience working in data analysis and data mining
Experience using R and Python
Knowledge in business intelligence
Proven experience regarding data and server security and manipulating large amounts of survey data
Strong communications skills
AdTech experience is a plus
Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis is a big plus
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Scientist role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
137,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
138,Energy Research and Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview:

Edison Energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of Edison International (NYSE: EIX), provides independent, global advisory solutions to help large corporate, industrial, and institutional clients better understand and navigate the choices and risks of managing energy. Through a portfolio approach, Edison Energy enables decision-makers in organizations to deliver on their strategic, financial and sustainability goals.

Providing a suite of specialized services across sustainability, analytics, renewables, supply, and demand, Edison Energy addresses the three biggest challenges in energy today: cost, carbon, and complex choices.

Position Overview:

This role is an entry-level position within Edison’s Integrated Services team.

The primary goal for the Integrated Services team, which the Energy Research and Data Analyst position reports to, is to gain efficiencies through process development and standardization for client service delivery while maintaining the highest level of accuracy, timeliness and professionalism.

The Energy Research and Data Analyst will help internal and external customers achieve their goals by developing and maintaining custom reporting comprised of accurate and reliable data. This position is also responsible for maintaining various internal and external software programs utilized in data management and reporting.

Primary Responsibilities:
Prepare and develop various customer accounting and management reports (month-end costs, marked-to-market, budget reports, unit cost, volume/spend analyses, etc.)
Thoroughly analyze and validate key customer metrics across multiple data management systems to ensure accuracy and to identify trends and anomalies
Audit invoices against applicable tariff and/or contract terms
Resolve discrepancies directly with vendors and track avoided costs
Process invoices for payment according to customer parameters
Special Projects
Conduct research pertaining to industry, clients, utility tariffs, rate schedules and riders
Support energy managers with complex supply RFP activities
Collaborate with internal teams to serve client needs
Seek operational efficiencies through process development and standardization
Job Requirements:
Previous exposure to the energy industry is preferred, specifically doing data analysis and reporting
Attention to detail
Ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities and deadlines
Customer service, analytical and organizational skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office; particularly Microsoft Excel
Motivated to continually improve processes and tools
Eager to learn
Interpersonal skills with ability to communicate both written and verbally in a professional manner
Aptitude to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and create plan for resolution
Ability to decipher and process data points from multiple channels
Ability to effectively learn and work independently in a remote environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree (Business, Finance, Accounting or Engineering preferred)
Work Environment:
Regular professional, office business setting
Noise level ranges from low to moderate (if in office setting)
Noise level ranges from moderate to high (if on construction worksite)
Benefits for Full-Time Employees:
Generous Paid Time Off (includes but not limited to Paid Parental Leave, Bereavement, Jury Duty, Sick, Vacation, etc.)
National Holiday Pay& Float Holidays
401(k) Employer Matching
Health Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
Employer 100% Paid Life Insurance Benefits
Employer 100% Paid Short Term and Long Term Disability
Supplemental (Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits, Cancer/Critical Care, Hospitalization, Accident)
Recognition of Hard Work and Exemplary Performance
Clean, Air Conditioned, Friendly Working Environment
Discretionary Bonus Based on Several Factors
LOCATION: This position will be located in Dublin, OH.",2.9,"Edison Energy
2.9","Dublin, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
139,Aviation Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
140,Senior Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Formation provides personalization for the largest enterprise businesses in the world. We work with high-volume data streams and apply Data Science to bring individualized multi-step promotions to customers. Our Data Science Team is transforming the relationships between Fortune 500 companies and their customers.

You'll work in small teams with a common goal: create excellent data science solutions anchored in a culture of quality, customer focus, and growth.

As a Senior Data Scientist at Formation you will work in an agile environment to prioritize and test hypotheses using principles of rigorous experimental design. You understand that Data Science is an expansive area and no line of code is written until you have clearly defined the problem, methods, and definition of done. Your guidance on causal inference, machine learning techniques, and work prioritization will be sought by other team members. You will contribute to process documentation, and methodology design and review. You will create platform architecture specifications as you work with Engineering and Product Management to integrate Data Science processes into the product platform.

You understand that bugs, inadequate processes, and less than ideal code are part of building a startup. You welcome the challenge of solving these kind of problems while building a great product with the Data Science team.

You will report to the Manager of Data Science.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with Solution Architects and Customer Success to determine how to best apply Formation's product to client use cases
Explore and understand unfamiliar data-sets with tools such as Apache Spark and AWS Athena
Determine metrics and conduct power analysis to determine the feasibility and design of experiments
Implement processing pipelines to clean and process source data
Present experimental methodology and results to Fortune 500 clients
Work with Engineering and Product to standardize and integrate DS workflows into Formation's product
Provide mentorship and prioritization of DS work to junior Data Scientists
Skills and Experience:
Minimum 5 years experience as a Data Scientist, or 3 years experience as a Data Scientist at a startup
Proficient with the Python scientific ecosystem, Apache Spark, and SQL
Have foundational software engineering skills such as bash scripting, version control, and continuous integration
Have worked with job schedulers such as Apache Airflow
Knowledge of experimental design and analysis of results
Understand common concepts related to e-commerce, e.g. lifetime value, net incremental revenue, and churn
Machine learning proficiency with a focus on recommender systems and supervised learning techniques
Experience with optimization techniques such as constrained linear optimization and contextual bandits
Experience in customer onboarding and long-term customer engagement
Experience participating in talent screening and interviewing
About Formation:

Formation distills complex customer data into uniquely tailored experiences; we orchestrate physical and digital exchanges into one seamless journey. Our business is building lasting, trusted relationships between people and brands—and making it look easy.

We're already reaching millions of people a day, and we're just getting started. Our founding leadership is equal parts business, design, and engineering—because we believe differing perspectives + passionate discourse achieve the greatest outcomes. We give our whole selves. We love learning new things.

Formation is committed to inclusion and diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. You will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

If you're up for the challenge of a lifetime, we're looking for outstanding talent to join our team.

Benefits:

Among our many benefits:
100% medical, dental, and vision
Discretionary PTO policy in addition to 11 paid holidays per year
401K
Commuter Benefits",2.8,"Formation
2.8",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
141,Business Intelligence Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Leggett & Platt, Incorporated is seeking a Business Intelligence Analyst to join our growing Logistics department. In this position, you will report to the Director of IT and work closely with Logistics management. You will be responsible for analyzing business processes, determining strategic solutions, providing data analysis, problem solving and supporting business users.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
Pull, inspect, clean and model data from multiple sources to provide management with useful information that will support decision-making
Work closely with business, compliance and technical resources to define, create, test and implement solutions
Perform project management activities for multiple, concurrent projects
Work with teams around the world to provide and enhance support for our growing operations
Support TMS users across the company
Other ad-hoc responsibilities as assigned
EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in Business Analytics, Computer Science, Accounting, Finance, Information Technology or related field
Minimum of 3+ years of related experience
Strong SQL development experience
EDI experience is preferred
Must be fluent in Excel
Strong interpersonal skills
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Minimal travel may be required
Knowledge of Transportation Management Systems like McLeod or E2Open is a plus
We offer a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) and stock plans, tuition reimbursement, employee discounts and more.

Since 1883, Leggett & Platt (NYSE: LEG) has been creating a wide variety of innovative products that can be found in most homes, offices, and automobiles. Today our growing company consists of more than 22,000 employee-partners in 140 manufacturing facilities located in 18 countries. We’re not just hiring; we’re building a better company. For more information, please visit www.leggett.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/Veteran/Disability Employer",3.5,"Leggett & Platt
3.5","Carthage, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1883,Company - Public,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
142,Quality Control Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary:

The Quality Control Scientist will provide oversight of contract analytical labs and manufacturers. This includes, review of analytical data from release and stability studies and review of method validation protocols and reports. The candidate should have a strong understanding of cGMPs and relevant ICH and FDA regulatory guidelines. Prior hand-on experience working in a QC lab and thorough understanding of root cause analysis for investigations is required. This position will interact and work closely with cross-functional teams, including, manufacturing, quality assurance and regulatory.

Responsibilities:
Review analytical data packages generated during GMP release/stability testing of drug substance and drug product at the contract manufacturing sites
Assist in investigations and formulate a plan to identify/confirm root cause for anomalous results
Write and/or review method validation and transfer protocols and reports
Write and/or review protocols and reports related to stability studies as well as prepare tables summarizing results from stability studies
Track and trend release and stability data for batch analysis and shelf life establishment
Initiate change control for internal specifications and regulatory documents
Evaluate and perform risk assessment for change control documents provided by the contract manufacturing sites
Manage reference standard program for drug substance, impurities and degradants
Qualifications:
B.S. or M.S in analytical chemistry or related scientific disciplines with 5+ years of experience in analytical development with minimum of 3+ years of experience in quality control
Skills, Knowledge & Abilities:
Hands-on proficiency and problem-solving skills with chromatographic techniques e.g. HPLC, UPLC and GC. Familiarity with mass and UV/VIS spectroscopic techniques is an advantage
Prior experience in interacting with contract labs and manufacturing sites is a plus
Hands-on experience with method validations and transfers in support of pharmaceutical manufacturing
Proficiency in performing root cause analysis for investigation
Experience with iStability software is a plus
Passion for learning, creating, relating, communicating, and leading cross functional teams
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience in a start-up environment preferred
Must be pro-active team player, flexible, and open to change
Working Conditions: Will work from the Company's San Francisco Bay Area office, with additional travel as required to oversee the virtual development and manufacturing network (estimated at 25%).

Physical Demands and Work Environment:

This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand on a stool as necessary.

This job operates in a professional office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.

Benefits and Perks:

Apellis offers a great benefit package which includes: health insurance with full premium coverage, 401K with company match, paid time off (PTO), long- term disability insurance, life insurance and more! Visit http://apellis.com/careerbenefits.html to learn more.

Company Background:

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel therapeutic compounds to treat disease through the inhibition of the complement system, which is an integral component of the immune system, at the level of C3, the central protein in the complement cascade. We believe that this approach can result in broad inhibition of the principal pathways of the complement system and has the potential to effectively control a broad array of complement-dependent autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.

Visit http://apellis.com/about.html to learn more.

EEO Statement:

Apellis is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local fair employment practices laws. Apellis strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex (including pregnancy), gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender or transsexual individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, genetic information, marital status, AIDS/HIV status, smoker/nonsmoker, and occupational pneumocononiosis or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local law.

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.",3.9,"Apellis
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
143,Data Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Alteryx, Inc., we live for the thrill and delight that happens when we help free the world’s thinkers to innovate in new ways. As you spend half of your waking hours at work, we make sure that time is spent pushing limits and fueling remarkable business outcomes for our customers. Our culture empowers associates to make a difference every day, as they collaborate with their colleagues to implement the Alteryx platform to achieve heart-pounding, fist-pumping moments of insight, preparing the new workforce for the jobs of the future.

Overview:

As a Data Engineer on the Alteryx Data Science team, you will be part of an innovative and groundbreaking team, being primarily responsible for engineering a world class enterprise data management platform and driving continuous improvement for a world class analytics company. You will work closely with data architects, other data engineers, data scientists, and line of business associates to build out new system features/functionality and help bring thoughtfully curated data system and products to the Alteryx organization. Success in this role is critical to our mission of becoming a world-class Data Science team and fostering Alteryx’s Data Science journey!
** The company will not provide sponsorship for work visas or other employment authorization for this position. ***
Position details/requirements:

Build, test, monitor and maintain a highly scalable data management ecosystem
Execute architected techniques and solutions for data collection, management and usage
Take business requirements and produce data sets for efficient cross-business analysis
Extreme focus on detail and data quality validation
Deep interest in the data and analytics market with ability to constantly evaluate new ways to enhance the telemetry system and train it to be smarter and more scalable

Qualifications:

3+ years of data engineering / development / integration experience
Experience with SQL required
Experience with Alteryx platform preferred, but not required
Experience with Enterprise Data Warehouse development and ETL processes
Knowledge of at least one modern scripting language (Python, R, etc.)
Understanding of cloud infrastructure
Experience with automated software testing and deployment
Ability to work with geographically distributed teams
Ability to work with other teams across an organization
Strong oral and written communication
BA/BS degree in Information Science, Data Analytics, Computer Science, Software Engineering or related technical field

#LI-JE1",3.5,"Alteryx, Inc.
3.5","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
144,Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst
Location: Washington, DC
Education Required: Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.
Skills Required:

We are seeking highly motivated individuals to support a range of critical and exciting Department of Defense (DoD) and Naval Acquisition projects. Ideal candidates will possess a Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, or related fields and 3+ years of experience, or a Master’s degree in a related field and at least one year of experience.

Successful candidates will also possess the following qualifications:
24 semester hours of quantitative course work (mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, chemistry, etc.)
Experience obtaining, integrating, analyzing, and reporting client data, esp. acquisition data
Ability to apply analytic techniques to define project objectives and strategic direction, resolving complex problems using an in-depth knowledge of analytic methodologies and principles
Strong researching, data gathering, and technical reviews needed to produce written deliverables to include reports, spreadsheets, databases, formal process mapping, and technical designs
Microsoft Access experience
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance
U.S. Citizenship required
Responsibilities:
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings to various levels of government leadership
Develop algorithms for data analysis
Plan and conducts work requiring judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation and/or modification of methodologies and tools
Consult with senior consultants or functional specialists on unusual or complex problems
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings
Benefits:
We offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. We have an excellent benefits package that includes:
Comprehensive health, dental, life, long and short term disability insurance
100% Company funded Retirement Plans
Generous vacation, holiday and sick pay plans
Tuition assistance

Benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of 30 hours per week.

Tecolote Research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource. Our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need, and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. Apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.",3.8,"Tecolote Research
3.8","Washington, DC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
145,STAFF SCIENTIST,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position: Staff Scientist

Requisition Number: 2020-2410-09

S&ME is an employee-owned engineering firm that provides civil, geotechnical, environmental, planning, landscape architecture, survey and construction services. Consistently ranked in the top 100 of ENR's Top 500 Design Firms, our markets are diverse and include transportation, energy, water/wastewater, commercial development, industry, healthcare, education and government. We recruit top talent and are currently seeking a Staff Scientist to join our team in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

The individual will perform field and office work associated with environment evaluations. Field work will include: soil sampling, groundwater sampling, surface water sampling, sediment sampling, wetland delineations, stream classifications, and fauna/flora identification. Other responsibilities include completing data entry to capture field activities, and the preparation of standard environmental reports. This individual will be expected to maintain knowledge of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements by attending environmental or natural resources training courses, or other in-house trainings. This position will require some travel and overnight stays.

Qualifications:
BS in environmental science, geology, biology, chemistry or related field;
2-4 years field experience in related field;
Ability to work outdoors in varying weather conditions;
Ability and willingness to accommodate overnight and out-of-town assignments;
Good technical writing, verbal communication, and computer skills.
This is a full-time position with competitive pay based on experience. Successful candidate must meet requirements of the company's Fleet Management Program, Substance Policy and Reference Check program. Submit resume, cover letter, and salary expectations for consideration. Only qualified candidates with acceptable employment eligibility verification (I-9) will be considered. Visa assistance not provided. S&ME reserves the right to fill this position with an internal or external candidate at any time during the search. S&ME is not responsible for unauthorized job postings or submissions of resumes using external links/websites.

No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.7,"S&ME, Inc.
3.7","Chattanooga, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
146,Machine Learning Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

Leidos is a Fortune 500™ company aimed at embracing and solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges. Through science and technology, Leidos makes the world safer, healthier and more efficient.

Our Civil Group offers an array of exciting career opportunities for the best IT, energy, logistics and engineering professionals. Driven by our talented workforce, the Security Detection & Automation Operation is the cornerstone of Leidos’ comprehensive suite of fully integrated security detection and automation solutions for aviation, ports and borders, and critical infrastructure customers around the world, with more than 24,000 products deployed across 120 countries. Leidos is positioned to address emerging and evolving threats through rapid development of innovative solutions for our global customers. Leidos’ SDA Operation, in conjunction with the TSA, also performs on-call, onsite installation servicing of X- Ray Detection Equipment using leading edge technology to ensure the safety of our clients, customer and passengers. The Security Detection and Automation Operation is comprised of four divisions to align with our customers’ missions and needs:

· Checkpoint

· Hold Baggage

· Ports & Borders

· General Automation

We are seeking a motivated and talented machine learning engineer to join an algorithm development team and participate with hands-on contributions to advanced detection and computer vision algorithms, and supporting software infrastructure.

A successful candidate will apply strong software development skills with knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, and computer vision to contribute to the development of advanced algorithms for next-generation threat detection security systems. The candidate will collaborate with team members to propose and implement improvements to algorithms and supporting software, tools, and compute infrastructure.

Responsibilities will include

Contributing to a team that is developing object detection and image processing system architectures that will be implemented in real-time decisioning processes in security screening systems fielded across the world
Hands on development of advanced machine learning, object detection, image processing, and computer vision algorithms
Development of machine learning software infrastructure to support algorithm development, visualization, and evaluation.

Education:

BS in Computer Science or a related field
Masters degree preferred

Required Qualifications

Minimum 6 years software development experience
Minimum 3 years experience developing machine learning algorithms and supporting software infrastructure
Proficient with Linux
Proficient with Python and Scientific Python Libraries
Proficient with PyTorch or similar deep learning framework
Familiarity with deep neural network architectures and concepts

Desirable Experience

Experienced with algorithm performance evaluation and optimization
Proficient with C++
Experienced with NVIDIA CUDA development
Experienced creating data visualizations using QT and OpenGL frameworks

Leidos is growing! Connect with us on LinkedIn and Facebook. We value and support the well-being and mobility of our employees with competitive benefit packages, complementary e-learning training, work-life flexibility, an exciting External Referral Program, and a diverse, inclusive and ethical work place. In fact, in 2020, Leidos was ranked as one of the “World's Most Ethical Companies” by the Ethisphere Institute for the third consecutive year.

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
None

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Engineering

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Saint Petersburg, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
147,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence - Intermediate,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311093

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing and Analytics

Group: Data Sciences and Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.

+ Publication record in scientific conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelor's degree with 2 years of experience, a Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or a PhD with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Computation and Information Sciences_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.8,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
148,Computer Scientist – Machine Learning,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking an early career Computer Scientist to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision and cognitive science to solve some of the world’s most challenging problems. Our Data Engineering and Biometrics team provide MITRE-unique solutions across multiple sponsors. We are a driving force investigating, developing and defining multiple research initiatives in collaboration with academia, industry and our sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Work in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Advance the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and produce quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Cybersecurity, or related field
At least 1 year of professional experience
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a Secret DoD clearance and DHS fitness
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Demonstrated proficiency using tools such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government Secret clearance are preferred
2+ years’ work experience should include: machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science
Documented success working in the fields of: cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
149,Principal Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"You will integrate disparate EHR, clinical, claims, and other medical data sources, extracting consistent information across ontologies, and deriving insights from disparate data sources to allow experts to rapidly understand the meaning, applicability, and extensibility of results from observational and randomized clinical experimentation. You will build ML tools for anomaly-tracking to enable rapid, more effective clinical trialing and the integration of data sources throughout the life sciences. You will model the trajectory of disease across patient populations to identify key opportunities and indications and to rapidly test and develop candidate medicines.
You will map and optimize the complex interrelationships of pharma companies, drug manufacturers, pharmacy benefit managers, payors, and patients to drive EQRx’s strategy to dramatically lower drug prices while promoting equity and access. You will use novel computational techniques to design, refine, and select novel drug candidates. Using the tools of modern data science and machine learning, you will help to build a data driven, end-to-end digital native life sciences company, enabling our core mission of rapid, equal, and equitable access to medicines.
The Impact You'll Have
You will help to radically lower drug prices and expand access, by identifying novel opportunities for partnerships and delivery across the complex web of interrelationships that bring drugs from pharma companies to patients. You will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines through the unification, comprehension, and modelling of human health and disease across data sources. You will drive the adoption of machine learning for the improvement of human health in building a radically different, digital-native and data-first life sciences company, where we bootstrap our way to rapid increases in scale and efficacy across functions. You will enable experts across EQRx to see further, connecting data from biology and chemistry, to the clinic and patients, to drug pricing and delivery, powering a novel, modern paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have 5+ years of experience in data science in the life science/healthcare industry.
You have a PhD (preferred) or Masters (with 3+ additional years exp) in a quantitative scientific field such as physics, computational biology, chemistry, engineering, etc.
You are fluent in python (strongly preferred) or R and cloud native data science.
You thrive working with messy and complex data, understanding key nuances behind its generation and able to model them with quantitative and machine learning tools to achieve understanding.
You are an excellent communicator, able to translate complex analyses into insightful visuals and presentations for audiences with a wide range of technical backgrounds.
You are empathetic with end users; proficient at turning business and scientific questions into testable, clean, and reproducible data scientific workflows.
You have a quick, flexible mind, able to rapidly learn new fields and use data science and machine learning to improve decision making and workflows.
You are an avid reader of the literature; excited to try novel tools and techniques to solve problems.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
150,Data Engineer - RPA,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"BRMi Technology is seeking a Data Engineer - ETL/PEGA to support a large client in the Northern Virginia area. This data engineer will be responsible for supporting Information System Division and the enterprise to deliver a personalized member experience, unify inbound and outbound member marketing, orchestrating experiences across channels, and make our clients marketers & ISD more efficient. The PEGA implementation will help streamline disjointed and manual campaign development processes.

The Data Engineer will support the ETL development for feeding Pega cloud application with 700+ member and account data elements.

Required:

• Extensive experience in engineering and designing data integration and delivery solutions using Informatica Power Center, SQL, and Unix /Shell scripts.
• Experience with SSIS in Azure Cloud is a huge plus.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory and Data Bricks.
• Excellent written and oral communication skills
• Hands-on experience creating automated data integration applications using data models, data mappings and business rules specifications, to load data warehouses, operational data stores, data marts, and data lakes while programmatically handling exceptions including late arriving, missing, or erroneous data.
Desired:

• Experience using Informatica PowerExchange CDC
• Ability to interpret complex mainframe copybooks, XML data feeds
• Experience configuring and using APIs
• Proficient in the data ingestion pipeline process, exception handling, and metadata management on Hadoop platforms.
• Advanced degree in MIS, computer science, statistics, marketing, management, finance or related field
• Experience providing technical and data leadership to the application development terms, IT and the enterprise.
• Prior experience in the Financial Industries and large banks
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
151,Data Analytics Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Data Analytics Engineer will engineer elegant and performant analytic code, predominantly in Scala (and Spark), Python and/or R. You will join a growing multi-disciplinary team of Data Scientists, Engineers, and Solutions Experts with deep domain knowledge working to develop new capabilities and workflows to solve real- world client problems.

Your work will include notebook-style ad hoc analytic development (similar to tools such as Beaker, Julia, Zeppelin) within the QOMPLX:OS SaaS platform as well as true server-side analytic development. Projects may include near real-time and batch-oriented data processing for analytics and simulation modeling. As an internal user of the QOMPLX platform, your experience will inform the development of the QOMPLX product suite to improve capability, usability and performance.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong work ethic, fantastic attitude and be comfortable tackling any challenge set before him or her. We provide significant flexibility and autonomy to team members, have high expectations and expect everyone to contribute meaningfully to our broader collective goals.

Responsibilities
Engineer data pipelines that handle collection, parsing, cleansing and enrichment of terabytes/petabytes of data to meet the clients analytics needs
Developing state-of-the-art analytics ranging from ad hoc analysis to production-grade pipelines and workflows
Providing mathematical algorithms and implementations to serve the needs of data analysis workflows in QOMPLXs modular SaaS platform
Build model management frameworks for data analytics that include both statistical and machine learning models
Understanding customer business challenges and sourcing the most appropriate data sets, algorithms, and architectures (using QOMPLX OS) to solve them quickly and cost-effectively
Own the end to end model development lifecycle and establish and adhere to best practices
Working collaboratively to ensure consistent and performant approaches for analytical code that is integrated with our commercial offerings
Interacting directly with Product, Business Analysts and Customer Success teams to support live customer deployments
Qualifications
Reside in the greater Washington D.C. area or able to relocate
Bachelor's Degree or 8 years of relevant work experience
2+ years of data analytics experience that includes data engineering & analytics
Proven expertise in Machine learning algorithms, libraries & technologies including Neural Networks
Expert knowledge of Scala and/or Python
Expert knowledge of SQL and NoSQL technologies
Experience with agile development within commercial projects or elite non-commercial research
Adept at learning and applying new technologies and solving new problems
Hands on expertise in data analytic technologies such as Apache Spark, Apache Flink, MLOps Pipelines and notebooks like Polynote/Jupyter
Experience blending analytic and simulation modeling approaches to problem solving
Effective organizational skills with strong attention to detail
Strong communication skills - both written and verbal
Desirable
Experience with graph databases and cyber security
Advanced mathematical modeling skills
About QOMPLX

QOMPLX applies artificial intelligence to solve complex, real-world problems at scale. Our Human+AI operating system, QOMPLX:OS, blends capabilities ranging from data handling, analytics, and reporting to advanced algorithms, simulations, and machine learning, enabling decisions that are just-in-time, just-in-place, and just-in-context. If this type of environment sounds exciting reach out to us directly via application at https://www.QOMPLX .com/careers with a resume and cover letter.

QOMPLX offers a competitive salary, a full range of benefits, including 401(k) and medical, dental & vision coverage, flexible Personal Time Off (PTO) plan and 10+ paid holiday days per year",3.4,"QOMPLX
3.4","Tysons Corner, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
152,Data Engineer Virtual Hiring Event,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"LMI Hiring Event!

Event Details
Date: Wednesday, September 30, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Data Engineer

Data Scientist

Software Engineer

Network Engineer

Information Security Analyst

Intake Details:

Requirements

Active US Secret Clearance (or above)

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed’s virtual interviewing platform. After RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the virtual interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

What to bring to this event

An electronic copy of your resume

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Casual (come as you are, but please be presentable).

About LMI

LMI is a consultancy dedicated to powering a future-ready, high-performing government, drawing from expertise in digital and analytic solutions, logistics, and management advisory services. We deliver integrated capabilities that incorporate emerging technologies and are tailored to customers' unique mission needs, backed by objective research and data analysis. Founded in 1961 to help the Department of Defense resolve complex logistics management challenges, LMI continues to enable growth and transformation, enhance operational readiness and resiliency, and ensure mission success for federal civilian and defense agencies.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Bachelor’s degree with a major in analytical (e.g., engineering, statistics, mathematics, information technology, etc.) or social science discipline is preferred.
Must have at least 5-10 years of experience, preferably with a federal government customer.
Must have at least 5-10 years of experience building data pipelines.
Must have knowledge of standard data modeling tools (e.g., ERWin, ER Studio) and SQL.
Must possess an active Secret clearance or higher
Experience with business process engineering, change management, and/or systems engineering is desired.",4.2,"LMI
4.2","Baltimore, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1961,Nonprofit Organization,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
153,Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description:

Quartet is a pioneering healthcare technology company striving to improve the lives of people with mental health conditions. We connect people to a personalized care team to get them the right care at the right time. Our collaborative technology platform and range of services brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Backed by $153MM in venture funding from top investors like Oak HC/FT, GV (formerly Google Ventures), F-Prime Capital Partners, Polaris Partners, Centene Corporation and Echo Ventures. Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the United States Pennsylvania, Washington, Northern California, New Jersey, North Carolina, Louisiana, and Illinois.

About the team & opportunity:

As a Data Scientist at Quartet, you will work on a range of projects -- developing statistical analyses to study impact of Quartet interventions; predicting mental health needs among populations; building machine learning models to suggest timely and appropriate behavioral health care interventions for patients. You'll develop a deep understanding of Quartet interventions and the predictive models and algorithms.

You will design and develop effective models, features, and algorithms involving multiple datasets, including user activity, Electronic Health Records (EHR), admissions, discharges and transfers (ADT), medical claims, pharmacy claims, and lab test claims. Leverages knowledge of computer science, machine learning, data mining and software architecture to build high-quality data products. Supports the design of Quartet products, including: an entity resolution and de-duplication library for linking patients and providers data, which is collected from multiple sources; a machine learning application for the detection of opioid use disorder in patients using supervised learning and deep learning; and an optical mark recognition (OMR) computer vision application for transcribing paper assessments.

Accountabilities:
Research and develop machine-learning and statistical models in Quartet Health's platform to improve software personalization and recommendations for users
Drives a data-informed process for experimenting with new products to improve patient outcomes and operational efficiency.
Performing ML research, exploratory data analysis, and computer-vision modeling; developing model evaluation and online maintenance methodologies, including confidence estimation, calibration, and concept drift
Develop general-purpose frameworks to support machine learning applications in production.
Minimum Qualifications:
2-3 years experience as a data scientist.
Formal training in statistics and computer science.
Knowledge of mathematical fundamentals: probability theory, linear algebra and statistics.
Strong data transformation and extraction skills with SQL databases.
Strong statistical programming skills in both Python and R.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with Amazon Web Services infrastructure.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with Linux command line.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with git for version control.
Ability to work on projects from initial to final phase- beginning by defining a problem, developing an implementation plan, and overseeing deployment and maintenance.
Ability to clearly communicate across disciplines and work collaboratively.
Experience with any of the following: Docker, TensorFlow, Keras, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Gensim, Scikit-learn, NLKT, Jupyter
Employee Benefits for Quartet include: Unlimited vacation, volunteer opportunities, team events, mental healthcare coverage of 15 free therapy sessions + unlimited copay reimbursements, medical, dental + vision coverage, generous parental and military leave, commuter benefits, 401K, and stock option grants.

Want to know what Quartet life is like? Click here to meet our team.

Quartet is committed to building a diverse team and fostering an inclusive culture, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and encourage our employees' differences in race, religion, color, national origin, gender, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, medical conditions, and other characteristics. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Quartet does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Quartet will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Quartet.

Please note: Quartet interview requests and job offers only originate from quartethealth.com email addresses (e.g. jsmith@quartethealth.com). Quartet will also never ask for bank information (e.g. account and routing number), social security numbers, passwords, or other sensitive information to be delivered via email. If you receive a scam email or wish to report a security issue involving Quartet, please notify us at: security@quartethealth.com.

Have someone to refer? Email talent@quartethealth.com to submit their details to us.",3.9,"Quartet Health
3.9","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
154,Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION SUMMARY:

The Data Scientist is a highly motivated and experienced individual who likes to work in a multi-disciplinary team. The Data Scientist will be instrumental in the analysis and interpretation of high-throughput molecular data. Additionally, the individual in this role should have solid Data Science background and be strongly goal-oriented with a focus on real-world impact.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Statistical and bioinformatics analyses of high-throughput molecular data
Interaction with internal and external collaborators to understand, design, and develop the requested solutions
Development and execution of data analysis protocols to support the company's discovery pipeline
Presentation of scientific results internally and externally
Preparation and submission of scientific manuscripts for review and publication
Other duties as assigned
REQUIREMENTS:
Requires a Ph.D. in Bioinformatics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Sciences or related field with 0-3 years of experience; or an MS with 5-7 years of industry experience
Proficiency in R is required. Experience in Bioconductor is preferred
Experience in Linux and Big Data technologies
Experience in Scala, C, Python and MySQL is a plus
Experience in working with Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) is a plus
Proven ability to find creative and practical solutions to complex problems
Proven experience in applying Data Science methodologies to extract, process, and transform data from multiple sources
Proven ability to deliver outputs in a comprehensive format that highlights major trends, avoid miss-interpretations and value the conclusions
Proven ability to demonstrate attention to detail and record-keeping
Quick learner, extremely flexible and adaptable to the needs of internal collaborators in a dynamic environment
Ability to efficiently work in multiple projects
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Must be able to work in a team-oriented environment",4.0,"Berg Health
4.0","Framingham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
155,Senior Data Analyst,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Senior Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision. This position also utilizes machine-learning to build models for implementation into production systems that are in line with the business' strategic objectives and values. This role will also demonstrate a good understanding of the business operations and datasets available in the healthcare industry.

In This Role You Will...
Analyze and interprets various types of data across the organization, identifying new metrics for measuring results as well as monitoring current metrics for trends. Ensures that all analysis is actionable for business process owners, enabling leaders of key areas to build, implement and identify solutions to address business performance gaps.
Assists in model development related to pricing and forecasting projects for the ministry.
Support in machine-learning and predictive modeling for various analysis not limited to healthcare cost, care management, sales and marketing, and others as applicable.
Develop and summarize conclusions gained from analyzing data using statistical and visualization tools like Microsoft Excel, SQL, Tableau and others
Builds accurate, complex datasets for use by the ministry, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Identifies and addresses expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of analytics, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings. In addition, the analyst will work with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Effectively communicates and presents relevant findings to all levels of management.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Strong proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Strong understanding of modern business analytics technology
Skill in working with large datasets from multiple, seemingly unrelated sources
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data to ensure accuracy
Ability to effectively and accurately present analytical findings using a variety of tools to senior level management
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to perform complex analysis and make recommendations based on statistical inferences
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to lead in projects and work as a team
Ability to extract internal customer's requirements while assessing if the requested criteria will lead to the expected outcome.
Ability to complete projects on or ahead of schedule
Demonstrated ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
2+ years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.3,"Christian Care Ministry
3.3","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
156,Senior Analytics Consultant,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Full Job Description

Our client is in the process of moving from Cognos 11 to Tableau and will also be implementing Metric Insight and Google Cloud Platform. They are looking to engage a Senior Business Systems Analyst to help evaluate and then make recommendations to define their Data Analytics needs. This person will be tasked with working with the product users to research data/reporting pain points, define metrics to optimize system success, identify and outline data product solutions and requirements to address pain points and provide a solution. This person will meet with business users to understand the flow of data from product manufacturing to store delivery. The Data team will use this analysis to help select their data strategy.
Responsibilities*
Collaborate with subject matter experts and business analysts to understand business challenges and opportunities in order to provide architectural direction for our systems applications.
Iteratively share development effort updates and product examples to subject matter experts, business analysts and development team members – always keeping continuous improvement and iterative development in mind
Develop or modify, and communicate technical approaches to solve complex problems considering systems’ capabilities and form of desired results
Prepare detailed user stories (requirements) with clear business value and acceptance criteria statements that are immediately actionable by the development team
Assist in researching technical solutions and composing high-level and detailed design specifications
Assist with the creation and maintenance of Knowledge Articles or any other documentation that is necessary to support our products.
Approach analysis activity with both client needs and Strategic Objectives in mind
Participate in defining and implementing best practices for business analysis
Must: *
Technical Product Manager for Data Analytics and Data Visualization

Experience with Data Science

Next Gen Data Analytics experience re: Tableau, GPC or something similar

Excellent Communication

Understanding of dimensional and Omni channel Analytics

Experience building data roadmaps and data flows

contract: 18 months

Schedule: Prefer M-Thursday onsite

Job Type: Contract

Pay: From $52,818.00 per year

Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Will be fully remote during Covid-19

Experience:
Cognos 11: 5 years (Preferred)
Tableau: 4 years (Preferred)
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Full Time Opportunity:
Yes
Work Location:
Multiple locations",-1,Solutions by SBS LLC,"Pittsburgh, PA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
157,Sr. Data Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out our existing teams. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Knowledge of open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, SparkML, or H2O.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Strong understanding of database internals, such as indexes, binary logging, and transactions.
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Practical experience authoring and consuming web services.
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
158,Machine Learning Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description
This role will be part of our Applied Data Team and will be responsible for providing Machine Learning Engineering support.
Tasks & responsibilities required of this role include but are not limited to:
Construct machine learning models including data collection, normalization, and standardization, data pipeline construction, model selection and hyperparameter tuning, working ml systems that can add new data into ml model.
Create apps to present ml models and host them in the cloud or locally.
Create pipelines to query and retrieve and update data for existing applications to keep them updated
Supervise the scaling and management of the machine learning modeling ecosystem
Find orthogonal data sets to supplement models and increase alpha
Stay abreast of new technology and machine learning methodologies and implement them into the model building architecture
Work alongside (re)insurance domain experts to improve predictive aspects of their lines of business
Requirements:
3+ years of demonstrative excellence in building, scaling, and productizing machine learning models
Experience working with sparse, high dimensional, and time series data
Python ml stack
Experience dealing with imbalanced classes
Deep Learning Architectures
ML Optimization Techniques
Cloud Services: Azure, AWS, Google Cloud
Distributed systems: Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark
Databricks
Ensemble Stacking and Meta Learners
Classification and Regression Metrics
Regularization Methods
Version Control
Quant trading experience welcome but not required
Kaggle ranking of expert or higher a plus",3.6,"TransRe
3.6","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
159,Senior Data Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Senior Data Scientist independently develops statistical models that will enable future growth and profitability for our book of business through appropriate pricing and underwriting of risk. He/she is responsible for the formulation of statistical models and direct application of models to address insurance business issues. You will start your Senior Data Scientist role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Produces complex predictive models which enable the creation of rating plans and evaluation of risk and profitability.
Develops studies that evaluate new business models for customer retention and growth initiatives as well as estimate the lifetime value of customer segments.
Identifies drivers of insurance costs, understanding the economics of customers’ behavior and estimating the expected losses for segments of risks using advanced statistical and analytical techniques on large data sets.
Develop or participate in the development of the overall analytical framework to support the company’s strategy for growth
Communicates analysis, strategy and recommendations to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical.
Collaborates with upper management to assess the potential effects of proposed solutions and incorporates these considerations into recommendations.
Manages projects of high complexity.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
Advanced skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees, Non Parametric estimations, etc.).
Ability to apply various predictive modeling techniques to develop solutions to various real-world problems.
Hands-on experience developing and delivering structured, methodology projects.
Exceptional programming ability in SAS, SQL, R or other programming languages.
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills.
In-depth understanding of database principles and experience working with large databases.
Ability to influence and guide across departmental boundaries.
Qualifications and Education
3 or more years of experience developing and implementing multivariate predictive models using GLM and other statistical methods. PhD in economics, statistics, or related field required.
Or in the alternative, a Master’s degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field (foreign educational equivalent accepted) and five (5) years of experience as indicated above.
High level of organizational and project management experience handling multiple projects simultaneously
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.6,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.6","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
160,Data Scientist for Detector Physics,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311174

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Signature Science and Technology Division

Group: Detection Physics
*Job Description**
The Detection Physics Group within the National Security Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a research scientist who will focus on studies of radiation detection physics using Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques. The Detection Physics Group includes research ranging from low background and high energy fundamental particle physics to radiation detection related to non-proliferation and national security applications. This position will focus on the expanding role of AI/ML within the group. It will provide the opportunity to perform analysis of data from existing experimental setups, and to propose, develop, and demonstrate relevant techniques on new data sets for advanced applications.

Major duties and responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the analysis of a variety of types of radiation detectors and experiments. Perform, analyze, and interpret detector characterizations for detectors of interest, including semiconductor detectors, scintillators, proportional counters, silicon photomultipliers, and others. Develop a detector-physics-focused AI/ML strategy with an eye toward fostering new funding streams and research directions. Engage in research activities with the broader AI/ML community at PNNL.
*The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:**
*Level 2:** Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships. Works under general supervision. Follows established procedures. Infrequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters.
*Level 3:** A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, careeroriented, journey-level position. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Frequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience, or Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience.

+ Programming capability with languages such as C/C++, Python, MatLab, and R.

+ Experience with ""standard"" and AI/ML data analysis techniques.

+ Experience with particle detection software and hardware.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with at least 5 years of well-aligned prior experience or a masters degree with 3 years of relevant experience or a PhD degree with at least 1 year of experience.

+ PhD in experimental nuclear or high energy particle physics, or related fields.

+ Experience with software tools such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and Keras.

+ Experience with data analysis and simulation packages such as ROOT, Geant4, and MCNP.

+ Implementation experience with high-performance parallel codes and/or accelerators (FPGAs/GPUs).

+ High level of motivation and ability to work with, form, and lead collaborative research teams.

+ Adaptability to thrive in a rapidly evolving, multitasked, research environment.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Detection Physics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-09_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-12-08_",3.8,"PNNL
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
161,Data Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Entefy’s Senior Data Scientist is a highly visible position both internally and externally. Join the intelligence revolution, where we can push the state-of-the-art boundaries of data science. This is where deep experience and multi-dimensional insights intersect with an amazing opportunity to shape the future of productivity for people everywhere.

Skills and Experience:

We’re not looking for “good.” Entefy is on a mission to find exceptional talent. The success of our mission depends on our team’s ability to be creatively analytical, insatiably curious, and absolutely fearless in tackling big challenges.
Requirements
Master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or a compatible field. PhD is preferred.
3+ years of applicable work experience.
Demonstrable proficiency in Python, Scala, SQL, or R.
Strong data visualization and reporting skills.
Proven track record delivering high-value, advanced analytics.
Experience leading the work of other data scientists or analysts is preferred.
World-class ability to extract and communicate insights from real-world datasets.
Startup agility and versatility.
Visit www.entefy.com and www.blog.entefy.com.",4.3,"Entefy
4.3","Palo Alto, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
162,Senior Data Analyst,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Data Analyst*
Responsibilities will focus on providing detailed financial and operational reporting as well as enhancing, creating and analysis of key performance indications via push reporting form a data warehouse.

DUTIES
Maintain the data warehouse, the data warehouse infrastructure, ETL pipelines from enterprise systems to the data warehouse, and the integrity of the data therein.
Hands-on experience working with MS SQL Server (MySQL, Hive and SSIS are a plus)
Building SQL reports and dashboards that interpret data to expose patterns and trends.
Automating the collection of data from available sources while identifying new opportunities for automation.
Assist in developing and tracking relevant business metrics that help drive business success, as well as the periodic communications of those metrics to key stakeholders.
Help with in-depth periodic analysis of business metrics and variance analysis.
Ensure all data warehouse reporting reconciles to existing management systems.
Aid in the preparation and development of detailed budgets and forecasts, including P&L, cash flow, and balance sheet projections on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.
Complete ad hoc analysis as needed.
Provide input to the management team as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS
Degree in accounting, finance or quantitative discipline preferred.
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in FP&A, Business Analytics or Corporate Strategy
STARTING SALARY RANGE: $75,000

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $75,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Analytics, Strategy or FP&A: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.hmespecialists.com
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"HME SPECIALISTS, LLC
3.2","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
163,Senior Environmental Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ransom Consulting is seeking an experienced *Senior* *Environmental Project Scientist* to join our team of environmental scientists and engineers. The Sr. Project Scientist will bring their strong knowledge of environmental and geological principles to assess and oversee complex environmental contamination scenarios.

Responsibilities will include:
Develops and presents findings and recommendations using approved templates and formats (e.g. tables, project logs, site data) and in accordance with the QA/QC process. Prepares all letters and reports for the project ensuring accuracy, formatting consistency, etc. and presents to the Project Manager for final review/approval before presentation to client.
Provides peer review of reports/letters, etc. within technical capability and expertise.
Provides training to staff on appropriate field work procedures and equipment operation, as well as documentation and analysis of findings.
Oversees site drilling and sampling including site preparation, determination of well and boring placement, and coordination and providing direction to subcontractors on site (drillers, excavators, etc.) to ensure that work is completed timely and according to Scope of Work (SOW) and applicable regulations. Uses experience and judgment to make decisions on increasingly complex technical issues related to the project.
Conducts site reconnaissance to identify contaminants and other environmental risks as well as collecting and compiling documents to support of due diligence reports.
Follows designated procedures for sampling and data collection to ensure thorough analysis and presentation of site risk.
Follows all health and safety protocols.
Successful candidates will have:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in environmentally oriented field (geology, environmental science, hydrology, engineering, etc.). Master’s degree preferred.
3-6 years of experience in a scientist/engineering role.
Understanding of environmental and geologic principles relative to environmental contamination and remediation.
Extensive knowledge of federal, state and local environmental regulations. Ability to research and develop understanding and application of new regulations or regulations in a new technical area.
Skilled with field sampling equipment operation and application; field screening procedures, sample collection procedures and subsurface investigation methods.
Ability to train staff on equipment, procedures, and SOPs.
Ability to confidently lead staff and contractors on multiple, complex site events to successful completion.
Ability to collect and interpret data, draw preliminary conclusions, and make recommendations based on understanding of project and client requirements.
Strong writing skills and the ability to present complex technical information in audience appropriate language and format.
Strong interpersonal skills to work effectively with co-workers, clients, sub-contractors, vendors to meet project objectives.
Physical Requirements and Work Conditions
The position includes field and office work (app. 60/40). For field work, employees must be able to stand, walk, and use arms and hands to operate equipment. Employee must be able to work in a variety of temperatures and weather conditions (cold, heat, rain, snow) and lift standard field equipment and supplies of up to 50 pounds alone or collaboratively.
The employee is required to drive to job sites and must have the ability to travel on short notice as well as the ability to travel to locations that may be 2-3 hours from the home office on a regular basis. There may be occasional overnight travel.
A valid driver’s license and reliable transportation is required. (A driver’s license check will be conducted upon hire and annually thereafter).
Noise protection and other PPE, including protective clothing or respirator, may be required on job sites.
Employee must maintain OSHA HAZWOPER certification and participate in the Medical Monitoring program.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Ransom has implemented full infection control and response plans for our offices and for when employees do field work that reflect CDC guidance.

Experience:
environmental science: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Driver's License (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
If you do not currently live within commuting distance of Byfield, please describe your relocation plans.
Company's website:
www.ransomenv.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Ransom Consulting Engineers and Scientists,"Byfield, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
164,Data Scientist- Streetsboro Ohio Office,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Step2 Company is the largest American manufacturer of preschool and toddler toys and one of the world’s largest rotational molders of plastics. It’s our mission to be the leading innovator of children's products that build imaginations and enrich the family's celebration of childhood.

Step2 proudly employs moms, dads, grandparents, aunts, uncles and everyone in between. We offer an environment of fun and hard work. Our mission of bringing families together isn’t just for our customers. The Step2 family starts with our employees and we’re excited that you’re interested in joining our team!

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Reporting to the IT Director, and in close collaboration FP&A, the Data Scientist will support our product, sales, operations, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

SPECIFIC DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design
Functions as Oracle subject matter expert and ensures end users are properly trained to use system and reports appropriately; troubleshoots issues.
Serves as the System Administrator for the Daily Operating System (D.O.S.) Report and supporting network.
Ensures functionality and accuracy of reports which make up the D.O.S. report (i.e. Mold Placement Master, Mold Placement Report, Attendance Rosters).
Keeps D.O.S. supporting data updated (i.e. labor standards, NSP pricing, tooling information, goals, etc.)
Data mines and analyzes data from Oracle to provide user-friendly ad-hoc reports as request by various departments and upper level management.
Design and create a data repository to achieve the above objectives
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Content Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.


ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Excellent project management skills
Ability to explain complex issues clearly and succinctly
Effectively summarizes and communicates results
Ability to forecast potential problems and pitfalls
What are the perks?
· Parental Leave
· 401k with Employer Match
· Tuition Assistance
· Company Paid Life& Disability Insurance
· Adoption Assistance
· Medical, Dental and Vision
· Premium FREE Medical Plan
· Employee Discount
· 10 Paid Holidays
· Advancement Opportunities
Join our family!

Apply today or text Step2Jobs to 97211 to connect with a recruiter.

Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer



Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"Step2
3.3","Streetsboro, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
165,Genomic Curator Quality Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: * Genomic Curator Quality Scientist
Department: *Product
Reports to: *VP Product & Engineering
Position Type: *Full Time Non-Exempt
PRIORITY RESPONSIBILITY*
Expand and maintain Golden Helix’s lead as curators of the largest repository of clinical and research genomic data. Master the capabilities of Golden Helix genomic analysis software to ensure the quality of new and changing features in conjunction with the development efforts of the product team.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES*
Genomic Data Curator *
Understand and make editorial decisions on genomic data source to prepare them for use in clinical genetic testing and research contexts
Wrangle raw genomic data files into forms ready for usage in Golden Helix software
Write one-off scripts to manipulate and harmonize genomic data for product integration
Write code or run existing tools to simulated genomic datasets that exercise the software feature under test
Write blog posts on new capabilities, FAQs and data curation achievements
Product Quality *
Help develop and run a quality process that covers Golden Helix’s products and bundled data
Master the new and changing capabilities of Golden Helix’s software to ensure their quality
Discover edge cases, off-by-one issues, resource limitations, and rare conditions in which the product does not perform nominally.
Prepare technical documentation for genomic scientists and clinical geneticists to perform their duties using Golden Helix software
Work closely with the product team in the entire lifecycle of bugs and issues.
Investigate customer problems referred by Field Application Scientists.
Other duties as directed.
QUALIFICATIONS*
_Must have ability to work for any US employer without restrictions_
PhD or equivalent experience in Molecular Biology, Cancer Biology, Oncological Science, Molecular Genetics or related field. A M.S. in Bioinformatics with hands on research experience and NGS domain expertise also encouraged to apply.
Exquisite attention to detail, with a knack for identifying discrepancies or mistakes
Experience in Python and command line bash shell scripting or equivalent
Track record of written and oral communication experience, such as publications, grant applications and conference presentations
Well organized, task-oriented and willingness to take ownership of the quality of a complex product, including performing manual and hands-on tests.
MEASUREMENTS*
The Genomic Curator Quality Scientist will be measured on:
Correct transformation and representation of curated data sources
Quality of products in versioned releases
Timely completion of tasks in regards to the software release schedule.
Contact Information*
If you are interested in this challenging and rewarding position with a fun and exciting company, please send us your resume and cover letter. We look forward to hearing from you!

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
data curation: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Location:
Bozeman, MT 59715 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
What script language knowledge do you have?
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.goldenhelix.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Golden Helix Inc,"Bozeman, MT",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
166,Business Intelligence Analyst,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview
You’re driven, resourceful, and above all else - remarkably smart.

You love a good challenge. You are the first to roll up your sleeves and work with relentless energy until you solve the unsolvable, beat the unbeatable and you always come out on top. Passable doesn’t cut it – you’ve got fire in your belly to learn more, do more and be more. For you, the sweetest success is shared success and you’re known for your good nature. You’ll fit right in at Syneos Health where we surround ourselves with the most talented and agile professionals in the industry, but we check our egos at the door.

Responsibilities

This opportunity is with our Deployment Solutions team, which partners with top tier pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology companies to provide better, smarter, faster solutions for the industry. Take part in leading the transformation of healthcare by joining the largest provider of outsourced commercial solutions to the healthcare industry. More specifically:
JOB SUMMARY


This client facing role will be responsible for any analytical and reporting needs for assigned client(s). They contribute to new endeavors which enhance the usability of information by customers; this includes designing tools and reports for the field and sales management teams to enhance productivity and provide information to measure the impact of sales force details, and other promotional activity. Acts as point person for the quality in delivery of all such information. Strategic special projects are also part of the job function. This position is responsible for program management around business information acquisition, analytics and reporting. This role also develops and provides training to the junior team members, internal and field based teams.

Key Job Responsibilities:

(Duties may include, but not limited to all or some of the following)
Primary client contact for account services from implementation to project shut down, including gathering specifications for programming and report generation, developing/maintaining timelines, working with managers to assign resources, QC, and coordination of administrative activities (i.e. billing) appropriately.
Provide direction and perform quality control functions on all deliverables including standard and ad hoc reports.
Develop and maintain project documentation including statements of work.
Lead design of new reporting initiatives.
Periodically collect and disseminate sales force information and data from sales and client services managers as needed.
Oversee and aide project analysts development
Work independently to process information and data to create reports on activities, trends, and projections regarding performance, efficiencies, and possible improvements.
Work independently to create ad-hoc analyses and reports at the request of clients and sales management.
Act as Business Intelligence Reporting Liaison in client presentations.
Train sales representatives, managers, and clients on reports.
Meet with Sales Management and Clients to establish, monitor and review performance.
Prepare detailed workflow charts and diagrams that describe input, output, and logical operation
Create case studies identifying business trends regarding sales force metrics.
Other projects as deemed necessary by Management.
Job Requirements

Along with demonstrated initiative, uncompromised integrity and a results-oriented mindset, the ideal candidate has:
Education:


Required: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience, preferably in computer science, statistics or related field

Skills:

Required:
Minimum of 3-5 years related technical experience
In-depth knowledge of MicroStrategy, Veeva, Salesforce.com.
Experience with pharmaceutical reporting and analysis.
Experience across multiple reporting tools, data sets and proficiency with Microsoft SQL, Oracle and MS Excel, including formulas, expressions and charting
Strong analytical, mathematical and quantitative skills
Ability to interact with all levels of management in a variety of functional areas including sales, marketing, sales systems and managed care
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to interact with all levels of employees
Strong attention to detail
Ability to multitask, work under deadlines, manage customer expectations and execute timely deliverables
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Strong client relationship management skills
Prior experience in pharmaceutical and/or medical device sales, sales operations, sales support or information management
Knowledge of sales and marketing function with ability to anticipate needs, make recommendations and respond to ad hoc requests quickly and appropriately.
Proficiency in reporting tools
Preferred:
Strong statistical knowledge, training and presentation skills.
Pharmaceutical industry knowledge.
Supervisory experience.
Make your work matter everywhere. Be a driving force in a rapidly evolving healthcare industry.

Syneos Health companies are affirmative action/equal opportunity employers (Minorities/Females/Vets/Disabled)

At Syneos Health, we believe in providing an environment and culture in which our people can thrive, develop and advance. We reward and recognize our people by providing valuable benefits and a quality of life balance.

Why Syneos Health? Join a game-changing global company that is reinventing the way therapies are developed and commercialized. Here, you’re essential in solving and executing against today’s toughest commercialization challenges facing the world’s leading healthcare companies. From the very beginning, you’ll be supported by team members who, like you, aren’t afraid to try something new. You'll gain exposure and work in a dynamic environment to create better, smarter, faster ways to get biopharmaceutical therapies to patients.

WORK HERE MATTERS EVERYWHERE | How will you accelerate biopharmaceutical commercialization?

Syneos Health companies are affirmative action/equal opportunity employers (Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled)

]]>",3.6,"Syneos Health Commercial Solutions
3.6","Somerset, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,2017,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
167,Data Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

SAIC is seeking a Data Scientist to help advance the mission of NGA’s Office of Special Programs performing duties including algorithm and tool design, creation, and maintenance, technology transition, algorithm verification and validation, and software test.
Design, test, and modify data processing algorithms using real and/or surrogate data
Design, test, and modify geospatial big-data processing algorithms and enable implementation in either Python or Java suitable for a cloud-based architecture using Spark, Elastic Search and/or Hadoop
Engage with users to understand needs an analytic strength/weakness of developed algorithms
Perform data analysis to identify algorithms technical limitations or defects, document findings and suggest solutions
Process/manipulate geospatial data and provide recommendations to provide additional utility beyond manual exploitation
Interact professionally with senior-level executives and other personnel prioritizing and accomplishing assigned tasks in a fast-paced environment with deadlines
Qualifications
MA/MS programing, computer science disciplines plus work experience (8+ years)
Must currently possess an active Top Secret/SCI Clearance and IC Polygraph
Working knowledge of Oracle, Java, C++, Linux, HTML, Python and/or parallel processing algorithm
Experience in GEOINT, SOM (NGA), data science, imagery science, GIS domains
Familiarity with systems integration, software test and V&V activities",3.8,"SAIC
3.8","Springfield, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,2013,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
168,Data Scientist/Machine Learning,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist/Machine Learning

Mist, a Juniper Company, is the first vendor to bring enterprise-grade Wi-Fi, BLE and IoT together through a highly scalable cloud architecture. At Mist, we built the first AI-empowered platform to provide an unprecedented visibility into the user experience. Mist is the new global standard for many fortune 500 companies.

The mission of the Data Science team at Mist is to leverage state-of-art ML and AI technologies to build the next-generation self-driving network solution, which can take actions on behalf of or together with human experts to automatically monitor, detect and remediate common network issues. The team includes a group of experienced and talented data scientists and data science engineers, and builds the end-to-end data analytics infrastructure and ML models of the product.

Now we are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to help define and expand this mission. As a data scientist, you will collaborate with product managers and domain experts to identify use-impacting real customer problems, use your deep DS/ML knowledge to develop data-driven solution with terabytes data, and work closely with data engineers to implement and scale the models in production.

Qualifications/Requirements:
• MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math or equivalent fields with strong mathematical background
• Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, including clustering, anomaly detection, optimization, neural network etc
• 3+ years experiences building data science-driven solutions including data collection, feature selection, model training, post-deployment validation
• Strong hands-on coding skills (preferably in Python) processing large-scale data set and developing machine learning models
• Familiar with one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools such as Numpy, ScikitLearn, MLlib, Tensorflow
• Good team worker with excellent communication skills written, verbal and presentation

Desired Experience:
• Experience with AWS, S3, Flink, Spark, Kafka, ElasticSearch
• Knowledge and experience with NLP technology
• Previous work in a start-up environment

Juniper Networks is enrolled in E-Verify® and will be participating in E-Verify in addition to our Form I-9 process. www.dhs.gov/E-Verify
Juniper Networks is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.",3.9,"Juniper Networks
3.9","Cupertino, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
169,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.8,"PNNL
3.8","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
170,Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our team Our team is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Maxar is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to join our team in Northern VA. The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Life with Us

Your Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer
everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its
disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set
appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be supporting an R&D, rapid prototyping office whose mission is to apply new and cutting-edge tools and methods to intelligence problems. This office loves innovators, self-starters, and people passionate about our nations security.

These AI/ML applications and experiments are used to:
Extract meaningful insight.

Narrow search areas.

Tip/cue.

Find rare objects.

Predict vulnerabilities.

Encouraging further analytic exploration.

Reducing the friction of flawed workflows.

Youll collaborate with our geographically dispersed team primarily via Zoom & Slack.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.

Bachelors degree in a relevant field (physics, mathematics, computer science, operations research, etc.).

5 years of relevant experience with Data Science and Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

Experience with Data Science Tools (eg R, Python, SAS, Matlab, TensorFlow).

Experience with applying Data Science techniques to overhead imagery - ie; computer vision, object detection.

Preferred Education and Experience:
Experience with NoSQL databases.

Ability to provide subject matter guidance.

Ability to manage personal project priorities and deliverables.

Ability to provide controls for technical rigor and quality of output.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
171,Data Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Zynga is a leading developer of the world’s most popular social games that are played by people around the world every single day. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played our games across Web and mobile, including Words With Friends, FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Merge Dragons, Empires & Puzzles, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR.

Zynga’s Marketing Data Science and Analytics team uses our outstanding and expansive data to deliver fundamental insights on who our audience is, how they engage with our games, and what are the best ways to acquire them. We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them.

Here’s where you would come in: identify and formalize problems related to campaign optimization. Design and develop systems and services to optimize campaigns at scale. Be innovative, be creative, use every bit of that key commodity – data. Millions of people play Zynga games every day, so our data is tremendously rich, and we have a lot of it!

We will rely on you to communicate your findings to your peers – both technical and non-technical. Your solutions to difficult problems will need to be demonstrably impactful, visual and maintainable. You will collaborate with engineering teams to build proof-of-concept and MVPs of campaign bidders and optimizers. You will collaborate with User Acquisition Managers, Product Managers, and Engineers to deliver business impact.

Responsibilities:
Design and implement scalable systems and models to experiment with campaigns and creatives across channels and acquire users at scale
Work with large amounts of data to find and realize opportunities to acquire and re-target users profitably delivering unambiguous business metric impact
Craft effective campaign strategies to acquire users across a multitude of user acquisition channels
Drive and empower user acquisition team to make quantitatively informed, evidence based decisions - through custom visualizations, and ETLs to augment user data
Design, test, verify and implement machine learning models with Zynga’s games that impact millions of users. Models may include but not limited to LTV modelling, campaign bid recommendations, budget allocation, clustering/segmentation, forecasting, fraud detection, and / or reinforcement learning
Build prototypes and MVPs of services and applications that improve effectiveness of campaigns, creatives, ad networks and/or user segments.
Required Skills and Experience:
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other quantitative field required; Masters, MBA or PhD preferred
5+ years of relevant work experience in data science or analytics role in a Marketing Analytics or a User Acquisition Analytics Team
Familiar with mobile performance marketing and/or user acquisition landscape
Strong experience in SQL;
Proficient in Python; Proven fundamental programming skills (algorithms, data structures, OOP, OS, Networking, AWS Cloud); Ability to design distributed systems
Ability to build and maintain software services and systems at scale; experience in deploying services in at least one cloud provider (AWS, Google Cloud or Azure)
Proven experience with some of the following: machine learning, predictive modeling, deep learning
Experience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scale
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong passion for gaming and performance marketing!
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.",4.1,"Zynga
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
172,Sr Data Analyst,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"WHAT YOU WILL DO IN THIS POSITION:

Performs independent analytical research to identify and resolve complex data issues, and support systems impacting NCCI’s data providers and NCCI products and services.Participates in the development and implementation of solutions to data quality problems.Position requires Subject Matter Expertise (SME) for specific system and/or data type support, and provides system support as needed for baseline, discretionary, and investment projects for the Data Resources division and in support of other division projects.

Leads resolution of complex data issues often impacting multiple data providers, systems, and processes.

Provides SME support to investment projects or systems changes – includes writing business requirements; creating test plans, test scripts and test data; and performing testing and post-production monitoring.

Oversees team processes (i.e., escalations, target carrier initiatives, training) and procedures manuals ensuring all are kept current.

Coordinates work processes, implementing process improvements and process changes across teams as needed.Maintain business partnerships with project leads in other divisions and develop process improvement joint strategies.

Provides quality control by reviewing the quality of work performed by team in resolving more complex issues. Provide support to assist Data Analysts with approach to their work.

WHAT YOU MUST BRING TO THE ROLE:

• Bachelor’s degree and 3 years’ experience in a service-oriented, financial and/or insurance related enterprise performing data analysis and a business operations or data management environment where primary work performed involves web-based or other business systems. (In lieu of a degree, 7 years’ relevant work experience as indicated above is required.)

• 1-year experience organizing, compiling and analyzing information using Microsoft Excel

• Experience using data standards, data layouts, databases, data viewing tools, and data reports to identify root cause of and resolve data issues

• Experience analyzing data issues impacting multiple data sources or databases to independently draw conclusions

• Experience developing systems flows, processes and procedures; delivering team training

• Experience creating test plans, test scripts, and test data; and executing test scripts

• Experience writing requirements for small systems changes

• Understands the use of metrics, trends and work monitoring to ensure completion of timely/quality work

• Experience leading team/business partner meetings

• Experience developing and maintaining technical documentation and team manuals

• Experience reviewing and providing feedback on the content of customer communications and manuals

• Experience leading efforts to improve team processes / providing input or suggestions on tactical issues

• Experience leading customer teleconferences to resolve issues – including agenda preparation /minutes

• Can effectively interface with higher–level staff / management on the customer side effectively

• Experienced preparing reports on systems / customer issues to be shared with a broad internal audience

• Proficient in Microsoft Office - Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access

WHAT WILL MAKE YOU A MORE VIABLE CANDIDATE:

• Knowledge of insurance, claims, or financial data

• Experience testing and writing requirements for web-based data viewing tools

• Experienced using data extract and/or systems testing tools

• Experienced developing reports to be used in data analysis processes

• Insurance Data Management Association (IDMA) certifications

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU:

·
A phenomenal work environment with perks which includes on-site fitness center, day care, restaurant and coffee shop, employee activities, and sports leagues

·
A wonderful team of fun, caring and friendly people to work with

·
A fantastic benefits package that’s hard to find in south Florida

We require a drug screen and background check.
EEO/Smoke Free environment",4.3,"NCCI Holdings
4.3","Boca Raton, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1923,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
173,Data Engineer,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview

ID.me is a digital identity network and our mission is to make the world a more trusted place by facilitating transparent and efficient interactions between people and organizations.

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Product team to design and build a robust set of tools and pipelines to support data analytics efforts. You’ll manage and optimize our core infrastructure by creating and maintaining data pipelines. You will work with other engineers and analysts from the Product and Business teams to design, implement, and maintain a data ecosystem that delivers actionable insights to make key business decisions. You have technical chops but can also work independently to prioritize issues, work within ambiguity, and manage conflicting deadlines. You are creative, data-driven, results-oriented, and eager to help us solve data problems of varying complexities.

Responsibilities
Develop technical solutions using proven techniques in data and analytics processes
Develop, prototype, and build frameworks based on open source and commercially available tools
Orchestrate and maintain data pipelines that meet security standards and ensure the integrity and quality of data
Demonstrate a passion for serving the needs of internal and external customers by enabling them with self-service reporting tools and analytics capabilities
Drive the execution of data initiatives that provide key performance metrics
Understand the data related challenges, nuances, and requirements to identify and recommend the optimal technical approach
Train and educate team members as well as stakeholders about best practices in data engineering and governance
Collaborate closely with the engineering and devops team to implement DataOps, thus reducing our analytics development cycle
Research and improve our data platform to ingest, process, transform, and distribute insightful data to our audience ranging from executives, analysts, and engineers to customers, vendors, and partners
Evangelize data driven culture by breaking down silos and encouraging data sharing
Qualifications
3+ years of hands-on experience in data engineering for a SaaS company or a mature startup
Proven experience working with various tools but more importantly, familiarity with how to best assemble and deploy production ready data stack to any cloud environment
BS in a quantitative or scientific field such as computer science, computer engineering or equivalent experience
Experience in applying agile software development approach - Git, CI/CD, Jira, etc - to data engineering
Familiar with SQL and other popular programming languages (such as Ruby, Python, .NET, etc)
Exceptional fluency with SQL; you conquered the join venn diagram long ago and have moved on to explaining cost based optimization to your peers on the engineering team
Some level of experience working in the cloud - AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with ingesting, processing, and visualizing data sources of varying types - structured/relational and unstructured
Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets
Data-driven, detail-oriented individual with excellent storytelling and problem-solving abilities
Ability to work independently and autonomously, as well as part of a team
Superb time management, prioritization of tasks and ability to meet deadlines with little supervision
Vision: To be the world's leading digital identity network empowering people to control their own information and to prove their credentials across all channels: online, call center, and in-person.

Mission: To make the world a more trusted place by delivering the highest level of security with the least amount of friction at the lowest possible cost.

People: We have an audacious mission. We aim to fix the identity layer of the internet. Billions of people will live better lives with more trust and convenience thanks to ID.me. We are like Special Forces. We take on the most difficult challenges with amazing teammates.

ID.me Core Values: *Don't be a jerk. *Always compete. *Ask questions like a 5-year old. *Inspire people with your passion. *Make something better every day. *Treat each customer like your favorite family member. *Own your mistakes so you can learn from them. *Details are everything. *Communicate like a scientist. *Be truthful (even when it's hard). *Reflect ID.me's values in your actions. *Act like an owner.

ID.me Career Site & Culture Deck: https://www.id.me/careers",3.3,"Id.me
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
174,Data Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Capsule


The Data Scientist analyzes complex and unstructured data using state-of-the-art data science methods for data driven decision making. This role uses knowledge of data science methods and applies analytics to solve real world problems. The Data Scientist will work with customers to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop applications and collaborate actively across the organization and with senior management to accomplish various objectives.

Job Duties/Roles
Apply advanced data science concepts to deliver data driven digital offerings and insights
Be able to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality assessment and improvement
Experience with Data Visualization tools such as Power BI or Tableau or Spotfire
Use machine learning and artificial intelligence methods, classification, regression algorithms
Comfortable working independently on data engineering, pre-processing and data preparation tasks to prepare data for further analysis
Generate Intellectual Property for the company
Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR)
Python - Numpy, Pandas, lamdas, keras, Tensorflow, MS Cognitive AI, Matlab, R, SQL
OOP(Object Oriented Programming)
ANN, RNN, Classification, Clustering, CNN, Regression tools
Exposure to building RestFul APis for data science modelling is a plus
Practical experience using predictive analytics, multiple approaches, to ID abnormalities and failures using time series and unstructured data sources.
Knowledge of data architectures and systems is a plus
Minimum years of Experience


Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in data / analytics.

Country Requirements


Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident (US Person) and able to work on Government Data with ITAR classification

Required/Preferred Education Requirements


BS degree required in Data Science or Computer Science or Engineering or another relevant field",3.5,"American Bureau of Shipping
3.5","Houston, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1862,Other Organization,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
175,Sr. Data Engineer - Cloud Services,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Cloud Consultant:

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
176,Lead Data Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"At the intersection of technology, science, business and sports, Strivr offers an end-to-end, VR-based immersive learning platform that changes the way people around the world train, learn and perform. With a mission to elevate performance through immersive experience, we are redefining an industry in real time and shaping the future of learning.

Strivr was founded in 2015 out of Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab, using the football field as our proving ground. Since then, we have quickly expanded from the athlete to the enterprise, partnering with leading Fortune 500 companies including Walmart, Verizon and Fidelity to innovate and elevate employee development.

More than just content inside a headset, immersive learning provides realistic, high-impact experiences driven by L&D experts, instructional designers, data scientists, and immersive content specialists. Strivr offers the only end-to-end solution available today, bringing together the software, hardware, content and services needed to deliver effective training at scale.

Recognized by Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2019 and 2020, we take pride in our passion for innovation and we use that energy to fuel our work. Our culture thrives on teamwork, grit, transparency and impact, and celebrates every win. It’s an exciting time to join our fast growing team!

At Strivr, our Data Science team develops cutting-edge techniques to improve people’s performance in the real world based on their experiences in the virtual world. As a Data Scientist at Strivr, you will be at the forefront of defining approaches to Immersive Data Science and will be evaluating and optimizing user experience in the virtual world.

Your responsibilities:
Develop innovative approaches to measuring user behavior and evaluating performance in the virtual environment
Collaborate with partners such as Engineering and Solutions teams to instrument the data collection process and build ETL pipelines to obtain data required for your analyses
Implement approaches and communicate insights in a compelling narrative
Incorporate your research outcomes into the data product offering
Minimum Qualifications:
5+ years of industry experience as a Data Scientist
An advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering)
Experience developing and implementing in-depth approaches, including statistical and econometric analyses and/or ML models
Experience building ETL pipelines
Proficiency with Python (or R), and SQL
Strong communication skills
Passion for using data to improve immersive experiences",4.5,"Strivr
4.5","Palo Alto, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
177,Data Scientist (Fraud & Game Surveillance),$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"WHO WE ARE

NCSOFT is a premiere digital entertainment company and global publisher with worldwide locations and more than 4,000 employees focused on bringing extraordinary games to life for millions of fans around the world. Established in 1997 and headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, we quickly became a key leader in online games. Best known for critically acclaimed franchises including Lineage, Aion, Guild Wars, and Blade & Soul, NCSOFT is also one of the world's top mobile developers with Lineage 2M occupying the #1 grossing revenue slot on Google Play. Our core goal is making people in this world happier by delivering games that entertain a globally connected audience has remained the same.

We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Fraud and Game Surveillance Unit and help us keep our games safe and fun for all our players. We are looking for someone with a burning curiosity about our players and our games, someone who can go deep to find answers and bring back actionable insights. The ideal candidate is equally passionate about machine learning and improving the player experience. This role will partner closely with design, engineering, and customer service to help create and maintain a safe and welcoming environment for all our players. You will help build tools to detect toxic chat and sift PvP match records to find cheats and bots. This is your chance to help make our games safer, friendlier, and more fun.

WHY JOIN THE CUSTOMER CARE TEAM?
You are a passionate gamer. You will join us in supporting multiple AAA titles. We are all gamers and we love helping our fellow players!
You enjoy creating positive user experiences. This is at the core of what we do. You think about how we best prevent players from having to contact us and how to make their interactions with our team seamless. You learn from negative feedback and get satisfaction from positive outcomes.
You love a challenge. You will encounter daily opportunities to overcome new challenges and problems. You thrive in a fast-pasted, high-volume work environment.
You love to share your knowledge and experience. We know our games and our player base inside and out and we leverage that knowledge to drive improvement. You are good at finding ways to best impart your knowledge to internal teams and our customers.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Use SQL, Tableau, and other tools to query gameplay data.
Conduct quantitative and statistical analyses on gameplay and financial data.
Create and maintain accurate and comprehensible data visualizations and dashboards.
Create and deploy machine learning models to model and predict player behavior.
Work collaboratively with designers, engineers, customer service, and the community team.
Stay actively engaged in our games and develop a deep understanding of game mechanics including gameplay and economy.
WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL
A passion for games and the gaming industry.
Demonstrated history of turning raw data into actionable insights.
Advanced SQL proficiency, including experience querying and visualizing large, complex data sets.
Strong quantitative skills, and experience utilizing scientific analytic methods, qualitative methods, and quantitative analysis techniques, as well as predictive modeling.
Ability to effectively communicate with people at various levels of business and technical expertise, including the ability to simplify difficult technical concepts.
Ability to translate academic research into application.
EDUCATION/TRAINING/EXPERIENCE
Bachelor's degree in statistics, analytics, data science, psychology, or related quantitative field. MS or PhD strongly preferred.
5+ years hands-on experience working with data.
Experience with natural language processing would be very useful.
PLUSES
Prior experience in fraud detection.
Experience playing NCSOFT and ArenaNet games.
Experience with big data software like Hadoop.
Experience with other Business Intelligence backend and analytics applications.",3.0,"NCSOFT
3.0","Aliso Viejo, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$10+ billion (USD),-1
178,Big Data Engineer,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Big Data Engineer is responsible for engaging in the design, development and maintenance of the big data platform and solutions at Quicken Loans. This includes the platform host data sets that support various business operations and enable data-driven decisions as well as the analytical solutions that provide visibility and decision support using big data technologies. The Big Data Engineer is responsible for administering a Hadoop cluster, developing data integration solutions, resolving technical issues, and working with Data Scientists, Business Analysts, System Administrators and Data Architects to ensure the platform meets business demands. This team member also ensures that solutions are scalable, include necessary monitoring, and adhere to best practices and guidelines. The Big Data Engineer helps mentor new team members and continues to grow their knowledge of new technologies.

Responsibilities
Develop ELT processes from various data repositories and APIs across the enterprise, ensuring data quality and process efficiency
Develop data processing scripts using Spark
Develop relational and NoSQL data models to help conform data to meet users needs using Hive and HBase
Integrate platform into the existing enterprise data warehouse and various operational systems
Develop administration processes to monitor cluster performance, resource usage, backup and mirroring to ensure a highly available platform
Address performance and scalability issues in a large-scale data lake environment
Provide big data platform support and issue resolutions to Data Scientists and fellow engineers
Requirements
Master's degree in computer science, software engineering or a closely related field
2 years of experience with Hadoop distribution and ecosystem tools such as Hive, Spark, NiFi and Oozie
2 years of experience developing batch and streaming ETL processes
2 years of experience with relational and NoSQL databases, including modeling and writing complex queries
Proficiency in at least one programming language, such as Python or Java
Experience with Linux system administration, scripting and basic network skills
Excellent communication, analytical and problem-solving skills
Who We Are

Were Americas largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D. Power ranked Quicken Loans Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination for the past nine consecutive years, 2010 2018. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for five consecutive years, 2014 through 2018, each year the company was eligible. Theres a simple reason weve been so successful: We care about the people we work with.

If youre tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then youll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply wont find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named #1 in ESSENCE Magazines first ever list of Best Places to Work for African Americans in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's ""Best Places to Work in IT"" list for 13 years running, hitting #1 the last five years. We were also ranked #14 in FORTUNE Magazines list of ""100 Best Companies to Work For"" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years.",3.8,"Quicken Loans
3.8","Detroit, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
179,Senior Data Analyst,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Q2 Solutions is a leading clinical trial laboratory services organization with end-to-end laboratory services and secure, enterprise-wide biospecimen and consent management solutions. With a relentless focus on quality and innovation, Q2 Solutions uses its global experience and scientific expertise to transform science and data into actionable medical insights that help customers improve human health. A joint venture of IQVIA (formerly QuintilesIMS) and Quest Diagnostics, Q2 Solutions combines the best of each parent organization’s clinical trials laboratory services capabilities to fulfill its mission of treating each sample as if a life depends on it.

Job Overview
Provide medical, clinical and scientific advisory expertise to all departments as requested. Participate in all aspects of Medical Science involvement on assigned trials. Perform work in accordance with ICH E6 Guideline for Good Clinical Practice.

Essential Functions
• Monitors progress of clinical trials at the site level or headquarters and ensures that they are conducted, recorded and reported in accordance with the protocol, standard operating procedures (SOP), good clinical practices (GCP), and other applicable regulatory requirements.
• Review and evaluate clinical data in the generation of study concepts and protocols in the relevant therapeutic area and maintaining a high level of awareness of scientific developments and the competitive environment to assist on ongoing strategic re-evaluation of the program.
• Work closely with the Clinical Operations, Clinical Sciences and Global functional teams to ensure the translation of the protocol and clinical development plans into executable operational processes.
• Lead internal or external training as required and support the medical monitor in responses to investigators and other site personnel regarding clinical and study conduct questions.
• Independently review study subject level data for presentation to the medical monitor for clinical decision making, throughout the study life cycle. Liaises closely with the clinical safety scientist to support ongoing aggregate safety data review during a given clinical study.
• May manage alone or in collaboration with clinical safety the operational functioning of data monitoring committees and/or clinical adjudication committees. Clinical Scientist may participate in and present at these meetings, as required.
• Participate in analyzing and interpreting data from clinical studies, and writing/editing or reviewing results in study reports, regulatory submissions, abstracts, posters, presentations, peer reviewed manuscripts, and other documents. As required, lead internal data review meetings to determine strategic interpretation.
• May become a member of the company publication group. Additionally serve as a scientific reviewer for company publications and external research proposals in the area(s) of expertise.
• Participate in the Clinical Operations and Clinical Development teams. Provide support to the clinical development team (CDT) through meeting management support and communication. Act as the delegate or lead where required.
• Interact with internal auditing groups on a study level to ensure clinical development activities are conducted according to internal SOPs and work practices and in compliance with ICH-GCP.

Qualifications
• Bachelor's Degree
• 3-5 Years of relevant industry experience
• Excellent communication (interpersonal, verbal and written) skills, ability to communicate effectively at all levels.
• Knowledge of PC applications
• Ability to work with global teams
• Ability to travel
• Knowledge of Health/Safety and Environment good practice.
• Duty to comply with all applicable standards as required by the company

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Apply Now!",3.0,"Q2 Solutions
3.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
180,"Data Scientist, Machine Learning",$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

At Shipt, we are transforming the grocery shopping experience and giving time back to consumers. Shipt shoppers handpick fresh groceries and household essentials, then deliver them to your door in as little as one hour.

Shipt is growing and we are searching for a Data Scientist, Machine Learning to join our team! At Shipt, we're using machine learning (ML) and analytics to drive our business forward. We're looking for help understanding our data, optimizing our processes, and making predictions to improve our product and customer experience.

The data science team builds data driven solutions using machine learning and modeling techniques. Our solutions include predictive models, clustering, segmentation, complex reporting, and quantitative research. Our ideal candidate will be data-driven, intellectually curious, and a clear communicator with experience building machine learning models.

What You'll Gain
You will get experience working with a cross-disciplinary team shipping real-world products to our customers around the nation. You will also receive hands-on mentorship from your friendly teammates on topics ranging from design to career advice

Your Responsibilities
Develop a thorough understanding of our data and interpret them as they relate to shopper behavior, search performance, profitability, and product development
Build predictive models and optimization routines to capture opportunities and solve problems. Applications include modeling demand in a given market, delivering search recommendations, and optimizing internal processes
Collaborate with other members of the Data Science and engineering teams on ways to approach problems, augment code, and share new techniques
Work with functional team leaders (in Product, Operations, Marketing, etc.) to explain your analysis, findings, and recommendations
Find opportunities for improvement across the business and assist in decision-making across teams
Stay abreast of developments in the field and contribute to its advancement
Requirements
At least 2 years of experience with machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization techniques
High degree of proficiency with one of R or Python
Proficiency with SQL
Experience with a data visualization tool (Tableau, Chartio, Looker, Spotfire, Power BI, etc.)
Experience with cloud computing services or platforms
Comfortable giving verbal presentations and communicating with technologies like Zoom and Slack
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field or related experience
Nice to Haves
Experience deploying predictive models in a cloud environment
Experience with batch processing framework
Familiarity with AWS, version control, and peer code review systems
Familiarity with on-demand and/or multi-sided marketplaces
Proficiency in both R and Python
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.5,"Shipt
3.5","Birmingham, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Product Rental,Consumer Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
181,Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers

Position Summary:

To continue our solid growth, we are seeking a talented and highly motivated Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers to join our growing organization. The role will provide data curation and analysis support for novel biomarker immunoassay and diagnostic test development and validation and will be responsible for developing and/or maintaining analysis tools and databases. The successful candidate will possess proficient analytical capability, solid background with use of statistics in a scientific context, and strong communication skills. We are looking for team oriented, hands on experts with a passion for personalized medicine and precision health.

Key Responsibilities:
Build, manage and query biomarker and clinical sample data repositories
Perform detailed and robust statistical analysis of clinical and laboratory research data
Statistical support for design and development of immunoassay and in vitro diagnostic assay products
Analyze large multisource and/or multivariate immunoassay data sets
Author statistical analysis plans, protocols, and reports for clinical and non-clinical evaluations
Review study reports for accuracy and robustness of statistical content
Adhere to data and documentation standards
Ensure accurate, in-depth results/data are delivered in a timely manner
Requirements:
PhD in Biology, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, or directly relevant experience in the field of immunoassays or biomarkers
Familiarity with statistical requirements associated with immunoassay data analysis e.g. CLSI standards, Fit-For-Purpose Biomarker Validation, FDA data reporting requirements
Ability to understand scientific questions and formulate statistical and data analysis methods.
Ability to effectively visualize complex biological datasets.
Experience in developing and annotating biological data repositories
Strong proficiency with widely used software tools for visualization and statistical analysis of biological data – examples may include Excel, Prism, JMP, Minitab, SAS
Experience with design of experiments, multivariate data analysis and generating ROC curves strongly preferred
Familiarity with LIMS beneficial
Proficient verbal and written communication skills to clearly explain complex technical details.
Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals
Quanterix is a company that's digitizing biomarker analysis with the goal of advancing the science of precision health. The company's digital health solution, Simoa, has the potential to change the way in which healthcare is provided today by giving researchers the ability to closely examine the continuum from health to disease. Quanterix' technology is designed to enable much earlier disease detection, better prognoses and enhanced treatment methods to improve the quality of life and longevity of the population for generations to come. The technology is currently being used for research applications in several therapeutic areas, including oncology, neurology, cardiology, inflammation and infectious disease. The company was established in 2007 and is located in Billerica, Massachusetts. For additional Information, please visit https://www.quanterix.com.

Quanterix is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Quanterix is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Quanterix will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.",3.2,"Quanterix
3.2","Billerica, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
182,Senior Data Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Recursion, our mission is to decode biology to radically improve lives. To accomplish this bold goal, we have already generated one of the largest biological datasets in existence in our own labs— tens of billions of images of cells under millions of different biological and chemical perturbations.

With treatments for hundreds of diseases in our sights, Recursion has constructed a world-class team of specialists in biology, drug discovery, automation, engineering, management, and data science that work side by side. Our data science team is no less diverse. We bring together domain expertise in computer science, physics, biology, mathematics, applied statistics, and more. Together, we analyze experimental results, develop best-practice analytical methods for a field that has none, and build the computational tooling required to fuel Recursion's drug-discovery engine.

HOW YOU'LL CONTRIBUTE:

You will help us accomplish all of this by applying your domain expertise, technical experience, and years working on a data science team to deliver scalable solutions that immediately impact decisions— in whatever area that expertise may be:
Biologists just generated a novel dataset and need help developing a new analytical approach.
Our Chemistry team needs a new tool to register and recommend molecules with specific properties from an X-million compound registry.
Our analysis toolkit needs to level-up to support the growing needs of the company.
A production ML model is underperforming on new data, and needs both a redesign and additional experimental data to support the desired objectives.
You will identify and then own projects that suit your expertise— meaning conception, planning, development, implementation, and delivery— with the support of whatever other data science and cross-team expertise is required.

THE EXPERIENCE YOU'LL NEED:
Minimum of 4 years in industry setting on a data science team
Experience working with production repositories and developing deployable data-science products.
High fluency with the Python data stack (pandas, sklearn, etc).
Professional experience in project leadership and team mentorship
Curiosity and the professional skill-set to excel in an open, highly collaborative environment.
A track record of outstanding past projects, publications, or presentations.
NICE TO HAVE:
Experience developing computational analysis for imaging-based biological datasets or bioinformatics for sequencing-based datasets.
Code you can share. Send a link along with your email.
THE BENEFITS/PERKS YOU'LL ENJOY
100% Coverage of health, vision, and dental insurance premiums
401(k) with generous matching (immediate vesting)
Stock option grants
Two one-week paid company closures (summer and winter)
Flexible vacation/sick leave
Onsite daycare facility*
Commuter benefit and vehicle parking to ease your commute*
Complimentary chef-prepared lunches and well-stocked snack bars*
Generous paid parental leave (including adoptive)
Fully-paid gym membership to Metro Fitness, located just feet away from our headquarters*
One-of-a-kind 100,000 square foot headquarters complete with a 70-foot climbing wall, showers, lockers, and bike parking*
*Subject to change during the COVID-19 pandemic

More About Us

Recursion is a digital biology company industrializing drug discovery. Recursion does this by combining automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning, in vivo validation capabilities and a highly cross-functional team to discover novel medicines that expand our collective understanding of biology. Recursion's rich, relatable database of over 4 petabytes of biological images generated in-house on the company's robotics platform enables advanced machine learning approaches to reveal drug candidates, mechanisms of action, novel chemistry, and potential toxicity, with the eventual goal of decoding biology and advancing new therapeutics that radically improve people's lives. Recursion is proudly headquartered in Salt Lake City.

Check out what it is like to work at Recursion here

Recursion is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. Recursion strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against applicants because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.",4.6,"Recursion Pharmaceuticals
4.6","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
183,Data Analyst II,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst II.

Job Summary:

Responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies. Identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools (e.g. SQL, Access) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes. Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection/processing/cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models/algorithms and data visualization techniques. Incumbents in this role may often be referred to as Data Scientists.

Responsibilities:
Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analysis and report preparation.
Commands knowledge of data elements across the enterprise and industry – definitions, lineage and usage
Executes creation of tabular operational reports and aggregation reports with medium to high complexity.
Commands intermediate to expert level t-SQL coding proficiency
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Responsible for documenting metadata, data lineage, data definitions and business glossary entries.
Handles basic data transformation tasks such as date and decimal formatting, rounding of numeric values, and conversion of numeric values to percentages.
Has intermediate to expert level SSIS ETL build proficiency
Works with Data stewards to enforce adherence to standards for enhancements and new repositories.
Handles more complicated report requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing (e.g. Fibonacci or similar) and trend analysis.
Can deduce portfolio or market trends from reports or chart analysis.
Understands business logic for aggregation and analysis services.
Can perform data transformation and can produce dimensional reports
Can perform basic data profiling activities, understands cardinality
Helps to define guidelines for data management, governance and reporting
May direct day-to-day work of employees, but will not typically have formal management role.
Individual at this level is expected to use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts.
Individual would be expected to contribute to work flow or process change and redesign and to form a strong basic understanding of the specific product or process.
Qualifications:
Typically exhibits strong executional capabilities and is beginning to take on more responsibility.
Primary focus is on execution within defined parameters, with some expansion based on developing capabilities and or experiences. In partnership with more experienced staff.
Minimum of 5 years of experience.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics (or similar) or equivalent work experience
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online.",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Ewing, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
184,Data Scientist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description


Avlino Inc. is seeking experienced data scientists to join our growing team
of AI engineers, analysts, and quantitative developers. The role involves
model construction, information extraction, prediction and finding solutions
to large-scale problems for mission critical applications using large
derived from a broad spectrum of domains for industry specific sectors. The
ideal candidate will have comprehensive expertise in machine learning,
time-series analysis modeling, statistical data analysis, and deep neural
networks. Experience with dynamic programming and reinforcement learning is
a plus.

Demonstrate your experience in creating real-world artificial intelligence
applications using pulsing customer data sets!

This is a great opportunity for an experienced Data Scientist with 4+ years
of relevant experience to work in a fast-paced environment where they can
share their passion for numbers and AI.

Responsibilities
Develop, implement, and use a broad set of machine-learning models and
quantitative techniques for prediction and classification for mission
critical applications.
To find problems in industrial and service sector applications.
Strong background in numerical techniques, optimization, and gradient
methods.
Development of new machine learning algorithms and/or substantial
modification of pre-existing techniques.
Analysis of high-volume, noisy, heterogeneous real-time data.
Collaborate with business analysts to transform customer needs into
actionable insights.
Design custom end user reports that are easy to read and interpret for
multiple business unit audiences.
Architect the next generation analytical platform.
Capable of de novo implementation of mathematical models, or to avail
widely used open source programming platforms and libraries (Scala, R,
python, TensorFlow).

Requirements
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience in machine learning, statistical
modeling, data mining, time-series forecasting, and neural networks.
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience working with big data technologies
distributed computing such as Hadoop/Spark, Map/Reduce, TensorFlow.
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience in multiple programming languages –
C#/.NET, C++, C, Scala, Python, R, Java.
Experience in developing or implementing enterprise class Data Analytics
and BI solutions.
Extremely analytical and able to solve problems independently.
Assesses customer requirements and translate them to appropriate
deliverables.
MUST: Have an analytical mind, and on point with detailed specifics.
MUST: Education: MS/Ph.D. (Preferred) in Computer Science, Physics, or a
related discipline.
PLUS: Experience in the logistics or transportation industry.",4.6,"Avlino
4.6",New Jersey,-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
185,Director of Data Science,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Analysis Group is one of the largest international economics consulting firms, with more than 1,000 professionals across 14 offices in North America, Europe, and Asia. Since 1981, we have provided expertise in economics, finance, health care analytics, and strategy to top law firms, Fortune Global 500 companies, and government agencies worldwide. Our internal experts, together with our network of affiliated experts from academia, industry, and government, offer our clients exceptional breadth and depth of expertise.

Analysis Group provides economic, financial, and strategy consulting to law firms, corporations, and government agencies. At Analysis Group, Data Science is a center of excellence within a company that already has decades of experience focused on analysis involving data. Within Data Science, the Director of Data Science is charged with collaborating with leading internal and external academic experts to find creative solutions to some of the most challenging and high-value problems we face.

The Director of Data Science contributes to both client engagements and to the design and development of internal data science tools and infrastructure. The client work is diverse, utilizing a wide variety of complex and novel data sources, and supporting cases across industries including: finance, healthcare, antitrust, intellectual property, energy, and technology. The tool and infrastructure work assists the firm in developing cutting-edge data science and high-performance computing techniques for common business challenges.

The Director of Data Science helps Analysis Group in maintaining our leadership position in terms of advancing methodology and data computations, and works to increase Data Science knowledge within the firm, both through mentorship to more junior Data Science team members and via interactions with Consulting teams. The Director also is involved in recruiting, assisting in building out the team over time.

Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities:
Work with project teams to creatively address data science/computing challenges
Take initiative to identify opportunities for technology to enhance service offerings
Act as a resource and participate in client engagements and research as part of the project team
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of data science and computing tools, providing technical training and helping to grow the in-house knowledge base
Present research at selected conferences; serving as an expert
Maintain individual contributions while providing mentorship to other data scientists and analysts conducting work such as:
Optimize procedures for managing and accessing large databases (e.g., insurance claims, electronic health records, financial transactions)
Create interactive analytics portals and data visualizations (e.g., using R/Shiny, Python/Flask, D3)
Build and maintaining high performance computing (HPC) tools on grid and cloud computing environments
Develop and reviewing open source macros and packages in R, Python and other Object Oriented Languages
Establish optimized procedures for repetitive or computationally intensive tasks (C, C++, Cuda-C)
Use natural language processing methodologies to work with EMR data, social media data and other unstructured data
Contribute to team growth/development via assistance with advisorship and recruiting
Contribute to firm’s strategy for data science tools and infrastructure
Qualifications
Track record of using data to solve real-world problems
Experience applying multiple software tools and languages to provide data-driven analytical solutions to decision makers or research teams
Strong credentials and experience in database management and data visualization
PhD or advanced degree in computer science or data science-related field, with relevant experience. Other candidates with at least three years of relevant experience in the field will also be considered
Background in Statistics/Econometrics or Biostatistics
Extensive experience in programming languages like Python, C++, Java
Knowledge of R, Shiny and SQL
Familiar with online/cloud computing/storage (e.g., AWS)
Linux and basic system administration experience
Demonstrated experience working on project teams and collaborating with others
Strong communication skills
­
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here.
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.7,"Analysis Group
3.7","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Private Practice / Firm,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
186,Business Intelligence Analyst - Glens Falls Hospital,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you will drive the efficient operations within a line of business by analyzing business processes and data to provide business insight. You will be responsible for articulating key process flows and stakeholders, describe and manipulate data sets, sources, and structures as well as gather requirements and manage multiple inputs and priorities. As a member of this team you will develop reporting to make data more meaningful to business initiatives, analyze data quantitatively and qualitatively and communicate findings, this will also include identifying root cause of problems with reports or data sets within the domain. Finally, your responsibilities will include collaborating on data quality conditions and monitoring with domain business subject matter experts.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of business analytics work experience
Preferred Qualifications
At least 1 year experience with Excel, SQL, Tableau, PowerBI, Business Objects, and/or CCL
At least 1 year experience with healthcare quality measures
At least 1 year experience with Cerner Millennium and/or HealtheIntent applications
At least 1 year experience in a healthcare consulting role
Expectations
Must live in or be willing to relocate to the Glens Falls, NY area",3.9,"Cerner
3.9","Glens Falls, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
187,Data Analyst - Online Education,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
188,Scientist - Application Specialist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scismic is supporting the growth of an exciting startup in Austin, TX!

We are looking for a Scientist with a strong background in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics to join the team. You should be an effective communicator, an organized individual, and strong at problem-solving.

Responsibilities:

You will be working very closely with our clients to help them with their workflows, help ensure they have SOPS in place to prevent data loss, write consulting SOWs (statement of work), deploy cloud and in-person based bioinformatic workflows.

You will need:
Minimum of a PhD in a relevant field, such as computational biology, bioinformatics, molecular genetics, etc.
Background in both computational and wet-lab sciences (NGS, NGS library prep)
Previous experience with distributed version control tools
Comfortable working from the linux command line, especially bash
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Scismic,"Austin, TX",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
189,Quantitative Analyst-Strategist,$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"If you're looking for a meaningful career, you'll find it here at Webster. Founded in 1935 by Harold Webster Smith, our focus has always been to put people first--doing whatever we can to help individuals, families and businesses achieve their financial goals. And while we've grown into a leading commercial bank, we remain passionate about serving our customers, supporting our communities, and making a difference in people's lives. We can make a difference in your life, too. By empowering you to build the meaningful career you've been looking for.
Responsibility, respect, trust, teamwork and citizenship are the values Webster was founded on. Together we call them The Webster Way, and they are what sets us apart as a bank and an employer. Guided by these values, we put people first. Working hard to live up to our customers, and each other, every day.

Department Profile

The role resides within the FP&A sector of the CFO Group. FP&A supports the CFO and senior leadership in fulfilling their oversight roles by independently assessing the bank's performance and opportunity vs risk profile. The FP&A team leads the bank's review and forecast of financial performance, reserving, stress-testing, annual budgeting process, operating plan variance analysis, profitability analysis, new business opportunities and special projects. Within FP&A, the Finance Analytics Solutions Team (FAST) designs, develops runs, maintains and manages all analytical aspects of reserving & stress-testing models, strategies & solutions.

Position Description

The role involves gathering and understanding business requirements, model purpose and use; applying sophisticated statistical analysis to large data sets to satisfy business requirements; designing coding and maintaining new and existing models; anticipating and resolving challenges to model design & use; participating in model documentation and validation; and clearly communicating results. The scope of the role includes internally developed consumer and commercial credit models used for CECL/loss-reserving, DFAST/stress-testing, and FP&A models used for planning and profitability analysis. The primary job function is to collaborate with Finance, Risk, Treasury, IT and LoB partners in developing source code implementing predictive analytical models to forecast losses & profitability, and increase revenue.

Primary Responsibilities

Develop, implement, maintain and run credit loss models to support the Bank's loss-reserving/CECL and stress-testing/DFAST internal reporting and regulatory filings.

Develop, implement, maintain and run FP&A models for predicting business trends and providing analyses that drive business decisions and business planning.

Develop expert knowledge and experience with Webster's data systems and tools.

Maintain rigorous work papers during the model development process. Author reports documenting the design, development, testing and use of new models, and changes to existing models.

Develop strong relationships with Webster lines of business, Finance, Treasury, Risk & IT partners, ensuring support requirements are met.

Participate in the Model Risk Management change control process.

Required Skills & Experience

Professional experience including a minimum of 1-3 years of modeling/analytical within a commercial bank or financial institution.

Solid knowledge of statistical theory, in particular general linear models, categorical data analysis, and time-series estimation.

Expert knowledge and skills in statistical programming languages: SAS, Matlab, Python, R. Ability to apply methods to real-world problems.

Experience working with complex data structures within a RDMS (Oracle, SQL).

Strong ability with standard office tools such as Excel/VBA, PowerPoint, and Word.

Some business knowledge and familiarity with consumer/small business/commercial banking products, operations and processes.

Ingenuity, analytical thinking, resourceful, persistent, pragmatic, motivated and socially intelligent.

Time management skills are needed to prioritize multiple tasks.

Preferred Skills & Experience

Model development or validation experience with CECL/loss-reserving and/or DFAST/stress-testing.

Significant skill & experience with financial risk modeling within a financial institution.

Experience with common bank systems such as Moody's Data Buffet, SNL, and Bloomberg.

Experience in developing constructive relationships with a wide range of different stakeholders.

Good communication skills (both verbal and written) and ability to multitask.

Ability to independently gather data from various sources and conduct research.

Ability to think ""out of the box"" and provide suggestions on ways to improve the process.

Education

Bachelors or Masters' degree in econometrics, statistics, data analytics or other STEM fields (e.g. physics, math, engineering, etc.) Finance or Business MS/MBA with strong quantitative and programming background also acceptable.

#LI-MM1

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled",3.5,"Webster Bank
3.5","Waterbury, CT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1935,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
190,"Senior Scientist, Machine Learning",$89k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want to be part of a growing data organization that is helping to shape the game experiences of millions of players? Niantic, the developer of Pokémon GO and Harry Potter: Wizards Unite is looking for a Senior Scientist with the creativity, leadership, and experience to develop meaningful Machine Learning science and game interventions for all our popular titles. Work closely with other scientists, engineers, and product managers to design and deploy machine learning models that elevate gameplay in Niantic's AR driven games where the real world becomes our game board.

Responsibilities
Conceive, design, lead the development, and bring into production new, end-to-end Machine Learning models and associated interventions for personalizing and tuning current and future global games.
Apply a high degree of scientific rigor and real world pragmatism in all your work, particularly to quantify the impact of features on relevant engagement metrics.
Mentor other scientists to grow their skills, create a collaborative environment, and employ tools and methodologies to test, revise, and improve models.
Lead by example: promote deep scientific expertise, constant learning, attention to detail, and an intimate relationship with the data while always being friendly, humble, and open to challenging any assumptions.
Collaborate with data engineers, product managers, and marketing to coordinate timely deployments from conception to release.
Qualifications
Successful candidate will have a PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, or a related field, or equivalent experience. A minimum of 4 years of real-world experience developing and deploying machine learning models, preferably in a gaming context.
Strong command of statistics and the science underpinning machine learning techniques and able to defend choices with math as well as real-world tradeoffs.
Expert in ML models for classification, regression, and clustering; experience with production neural networks.
Demonstrated experience with large scale data processing (e.g. BigQuery, Spark, Hive, DataFlow/Beam).
Flexible with tools and programming languages (Python, Java, Scala, Go) and able to learn new technologies quickly.
Plus If...
Knowledge of real-time optimization models with delayed reward (multi-armed bandits, reinforcement learning).
Industry experience developing recommender systems for personalized game predictions or similar.
Experience applying ML models in mobile games, particularly at scale.
Experience working with business stakeholders - understanding and proving impact, resourcing, and schedules.
Join the Niantic team!


Niantic is the world's leading AR technology company, sparking creative and engaging journeys in the real world. Our products inspire outdoor exploration, exercise, and meaningful social interaction.

Originally formed at Google in 2011, we became an independent company in 2015 with a strong group of investors including Nintendo, The Pokémon Company, and Alsop Louie Partners. Our current titles include pioneering global-control game Ingress, record-breaking AR game Pokémon GO, and recently released third title, Harry Potter: Wizards Unite.

Niantic is an Equal Opportunity employer. We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.

We're a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Bellevue, Los Angeles, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, and Zurich.",4.2,"Niantic
4.2","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
191,Lead Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"At the intersection of technology, science, business and sports, Strivr offers an end-to-end, VR-based immersive learning platform that changes the way people around the world train, learn and perform. With a mission to elevate performance through immersive experience, we are redefining an industry in real time and shaping the future of learning.

Strivr was founded in 2015 out of Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab, using the football field as our proving ground. Since then, we have quickly expanded from the athlete to the enterprise, partnering with leading Fortune 500 companies including Walmart, Verizon and Fidelity to innovate and elevate employee development.

More than just content inside a headset, immersive learning provides realistic, high-impact experiences driven by L&D experts, instructional designers, data scientists, and immersive content specialists. Strivr offers the only end-to-end solution available today, bringing together the software, hardware, content and services needed to deliver effective training at scale.

Recognized by Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2019 and 2020, we take pride in our passion for innovation and we use that energy to fuel our work. Our culture thrives on teamwork, grit, transparency and impact, and celebrates every win. It’s an exciting time to join our fast growing team!

At Strivr, our Data Science team develops cutting-edge techniques to improve people’s performance in the real world based on their experiences in the virtual world. As a Data Scientist at Strivr, you will be at the forefront of defining approaches to Immersive Data Science and will be evaluating and optimizing user experience in the virtual world.

Your responsibilities:
Develop innovative approaches to measuring user behavior and evaluating performance in the virtual environment
Collaborate with partners such as Engineering and Solutions teams to instrument the data collection process and build ETL pipelines to obtain data required for your analyses
Implement approaches and communicate insights in a compelling narrative
Incorporate your research outcomes into the data product offering
Minimum Qualifications:
5+ years of industry experience as a Data Scientist
An advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering)
Experience developing and implementing in-depth approaches, including statistical and econometric analyses and/or ML models
Experience building ETL pipelines
Proficiency with Python (or R), and SQL
Strong communication skills
Passion for using data to improve immersive experiences",4.5,"Strivr
4.5","Palo Alto, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
192,Senior Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.",3.9,"GutCheck
3.9","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
193,Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Pushpay exists to bring people together by strengthening community, connection, and belonging. As the leading provider of mobile apps and giving technology to churches, schools, and nonprofits, Pushpay helps organizations and their communities stay connected anytime, anywhere.

We recently announced the exciting news of Pushpay and Church Community Builder merging together to deliver a best-in-class fully integrated church management system (ChMS), custom community app, and giving solutions for organizations in the faith sector. The combination of our two companies gives us complementary world class solutions for our customers and aligns strongly with Pushpay's core strategy of providing innovative, market-leading solutions for customers.

Job Summary:

The Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager is part of the Business Insights Team, directly supporting the Online Marketing Team. This person is responsible for translating data to stories. What is happening in the pipeline? Why did it happen, and how can we improve our strategy? Use your excellent communication skills to give business insights to the leadership teams on a regular basis (emphasis on funnel conversion and ROI).

Duties/Responsibilities:
Provide actionable insights to the Online Marketing team
Build standardized and consistent reporting to closely monitor the most important business metrics on a regular basis including analysis of the full marketing funnel and conversions on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis
Develop in-depth analysis tools to work with the Director of Online Marketing and other Marketing stakeholders. This will bring understanding of trends and surface strategic opportunities to improve engagement and market development across the team
Identify newly tracked metrics in order to build, evolve, manage, and support end-to-end analytics pipelines
Support the marketing automation function through the centralization of all email marketing list pulls
Understand how lead and prospect data is structured in core systems, and segments the database on various criteria (region, church size, life cycle stage, persona, etc.) to best target a specific market or user type
Collaborate with BI Analysts and Data Science team to further understand how Marketing insights impact the data and processes across the organization
Required Qualifications:
4+ years of marketing analytics, marketing operations, or digital marketing experience, preferably in a related industry
2-3 years of experience using SQL and visualization tools (Tableau preferred)
2+ years of experience in a Salesforce environment (or comparable enterprise CRM)
5+ years of experience with Advanced Excel (applicants will complete a skills assessment)
3+ years of experience building Powerpoint (or comparable) slide decks
Prior experience using Marketo, Bizible, and other enterprise Marketing tools
Prior experience with email marketing and demand generation analytics
Experience building business cases and interfacing regularly with senior leaders
Structured thinker with strong organizational and communication skills
Willingness to adapt to a fast-paced work environment
Analytical, ambitious, and curious people, with a desire to learn and grow rapidly",3.7,"Pushpay
3.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
194,Senior Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a Data Scientist who will be responsible for shaping our company’s data strategy innovating the $85B digital and linear television advertising market. You are passionate about all things data and tech, and have extensive knowledge of the digital space. You are accomplished in the areas of creating new analysis and deriving business-changing insights and you are ready to support the strategic objectives of a highly cross-functional organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Your work will have an outsized impact on tools we’re building, forecasting, planning, allocation, and audience behavior prediction
Work with Pb-scale data sets representing the total US video and TV audiences
You will build new, and support scaling out existing models in support of audience segmentation
You will be working with the data-engineering team to product ML pipelines and coordinating data models with other engineering teams
Building Data Models and managing machine learning pipelines
QUALIFICATIONS:
Managing ML pipelines with tools such as Python, Julia, and Apache Spark
SQL fluency and an understanding of relational data models
Comfortable in the Linux environment
A master of all trades mentality and an ability to embrace new challenges regularly
Eager and energized to work with some of the latest open source technologies
Able to work on-site in Los Angeles, CA
PhD in Data Science, Physics, Mathematics or other scientific field
PERKS:
Unlimited paid time off each year
Annual vacation stipend
Onsite gym, fitness classes and personal trainer
Casual dress code
Kitchen stocked with healthy snack snacks
Health, dental and vision benefits
Parental leave
Epic growth
ABOUT

At VideoAmp, we believe in challenging advertising paradigms to maximize value for clients. We do this by enabling companies to execute on business outcomes across their media investment instead of more traditional media metrics. VideoAmp is the software and data solutions company powering the convergence of the linear TV and digital video advertising. Our solutions connect linear TV viewership with addressable data assets to benefit the marketing and media industries. This enable marketers and content owners to holistically plan, transact, and measure deduplicated audiences across digital video, OTT, connected and linear TV advertising.

Come and join us!",3.4,"VideoAmp
3.4","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
195,"Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer, Applied Science",$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Scientist/Senior Scientist/Lead Scientist - (Machine Learning Engineers) will work with the rest of the team to research, invent, and implement the next generation prediction, optimization, and analytics technology. You are a brilliant, motivated self-starter and an extremely fast learner with top notch problem solving, and analytical skills. You have a deep sense of curiosity and innate desire to dig deep into terabytes of data and love to play with the innards of complex algorithms, mathematical constructs and code.

Responsibilities
Research, design and/or implement solutions to challenging problems in real-time bidding domain, such as all kinds of optimization problems, audience understanding, etc.
Research and improve features and machine learning models for production pipeline.
Provide insights and suggestions on customer campaign optimization problems and product/platform optimization problems through statistical data analysis when needed.
Drive innovation by identifying and formulating new problems, publishing papers, filing patents, etc.
Required Qualifications
PhD degree in a closely related field (e.g.: computer science/engineering, optimization) with publications in the area is strongly preferred
Or Masters with significant experience in advertising and Machine Learning
Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling, optimization, algorithms, big-data, game theory
Proficiency with one or more programming languages - ability to write/debug production code.
Excellent communication skills – ability to present and communicate complex ideas in simple terms
Strong statistical/math/analytical abilities; Exceptional problem solving skills
Desired Qualifications
Previous experience in the advertising industry
Strong programming experience with Java, C/C++, Python and/or Scala
Excellent knowledge in algorithms and data structures
#LI-KM1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Redwood City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
196,Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Homesite Insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online, during a single visit. Since then, we've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations.

One thing that's stayed the same since our founding: our commitment to our customers, partners and employees.

Join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance.

Homesite Insurance Company is seeking an experienced, passionate and motivated, Data Scientist/ Business Intelligence Engineer, to provide strategic leadership in the areas of Insurance Operations. The ideal candidate must be able to make an immediate impact by working with stakeholders throughout the organization to plan and execute change to impact the bottom line. Their skill set will support the growth of the Commercial line of business by utilizing data to drive decisions that optimize operational results.

This role is part of our Operations Department, which is responsible for managing post sales processing and servicing activities to meet/exceed operational service level agreements in a cost effective manner. This department has business responsibility for policy processing, billing, claims processing, in-sourced and outsourced back office operations, service platform, and business ownership of call center technology platform and operations-based IT initiatives. The Operations Department drives continuous improvement in servicing capabilities through process and IT changes and partner with Underwriting, Finance, Claims, and IT.

The Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer is a highly quantitative problem solver who loves to dig into different kinds of data and can confidently and successfully communicate their findings to stakeholders in different departments. They will act as a strategic change agent to drive the change management and adoption of key initiatives to support the growth of Homesite by leveraging enterprise data to model outcomes and create anomaly detection capabilities. The incumbent will work closely with Customer Service, Billing, Claims, Policy Operations, IT, KTC, Training and external vendors, developing solutions that optimize all areas of operations.

Responsibilities:

-Mine and analyze data from internal and external databases to drive optimization of operations, financial outcomes, customer experience and retention.

-Use statistical and machine learning/deep learning to build supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised models per business needs.

-Ensure data quality throughout all stages of acquisition and processing, including areas such as data sourcing/collection, ground truth generation, normalization and transformation.

-Communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions.

-Work with other analysts and team members to translate models into business solutions and collaborate with other departments in the company when necessary.

-Interface with stakeholders and develop innovative approaches to communicate the value add of the models being built.

-Participate in the transfer of knowledge of methodologies and best practices to peers and colleagues through collaboration, mentoring, and formal presentation and consulting.

Required skills:

-Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative discipline.

-Three to five years business experience in statistical modeling, data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and applying data base queries.

-Proficiency in programming in Python, R and SQL.

-Ability to extract and clean data from a variety of structured and unstructured sources.

-Ability to drive both individual and team projects to completion.

-Demonstrated ability to work with executives, such as CEO, CFO, and CIO on strategic direction setting and decision making.

-Demonstrated ability to build relationships and accomplish goals across a highly matrixed organization.

-Clearly communicate complex findings to colleagues and external customers.

-Monitor the results of statistical models through the use of dashboards and ad hoc analyses.

#LI-TD1",3.1,"Homesite Group
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
197,Senior Data Engineer,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Tend, we’re combining top-notch care with soothing and safe environments, elevated hospitality, consumer-grade technology, and curated products to redefine going to the dentist as a whole-you wellness experience.

Reimagining dentistry takes a unique and diverse team, all working together through commitment, collaboration, and creativity to create the world’s first dental wellness experience. Join the team that makes going to the dentist an experience people look forward to.

We’re looking to add a Senior Data Engineer to our team who is experienced in creating SQL databases for a variety of applications and business uses. You’ll work across teams and use cutting edge tech to solve interesting, large-scale problems. Creating at a rapid pace you’ll make a direct and lasting impact anywhere that technology powers our business.
About the Role*
Design, implement and maintain reporting databases, data warehouse and OLAP data structures
Design, develop, test, deliver, and implement SQL solutions within ETL processes.
Manage day to day operations of multiple Microsoft SQL Server/Postgres databases.
Optimize databases for performance and scalability.
Develop, implement and optimize stored procedures and functions using T-SQL
Analyze, define, and document system requirements for data, workflow, logical processes, interfaces with other systems, internal and external checks and controls, and outputs.
Responsible for problem resolution, database configuration, capacity planning, performance tuning and optimizations.
Create and maintain database master plans, data dictionaries and disaster recovery documentation
Consults with internal and external clients to prototype, refine, test, and debug databases and obtain client approval.
Writes and maintains documentation to describe program development, logic, coding, testing, changes, and corrections.
Design, build, and deploy BI solutions (Looker)
Responsible for on-call emergency response during database failure.
Develops and maintains professional relationships
Promotes good working relationships among staff and between other disciplines and departments. Assumes individual accountability for own conduct and maintenance of professional attitude and appearance.
Approaches change in a positive manner, motivate staff to work as a team, accept constructive criticism and learn from it.
Must be able to apply principles of critical thinking to a variety of practical and emergent situations and accurately follow standardized procedures that may call for deviations.
Must be able to apply sound judgment beyond a specific set of instructions and apply knowledge to different factual situations.
Must be able to work under stress on a regular or continuous basis.
About You*
5+ years of experience with MSSQL/TSQL/BI
3+ years or more ETL concept exp
Bachelor’s degree.
Knowledge of dimensional and relational database models
Experience with web services (Both REST and SOAP).
Some programming experience.
Experience with MSSQL and/or Postgres
Our Goodie Bags are Pretty Impressive! *
Our comprehensive benefits & perks program will make you grin. Employer-sponsored healthcare coverage, 401(k) with an employer match, generous paid time off, a pre-tax commuter benefit, and much more!
Keeping the Tend Community Safe *
We’ve always been committed to providing the highest quality of care for our team and members. During this time, we are taking extra precautions to promote the health and safety of those who work and receive treatment at our studios. From enhanced PPE to sterilized equipment and staggered visit times with on-site temperature checks, we prioritize your health every step. For more information on how we’re making our dental visits safer, please visit: https://www.hellotend.com/notice
EEO Statement*
We are committed to promoting a work environment in which differences are respected, employees are treated fairly and individual contributions are valued and rewarded. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $102,859.00 - $130,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Application Question:
Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.7,"Tend
3.7","Nashville, TN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
198,Senior Data Scientist 3 Artificial Intelligence,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311094

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1 year of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.8,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
199,"Senior Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA or Remote US)",$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered price and promotions. Eversight's proprietary cloud-based SaaS solution brings AI and continuous experimentation to consumer brands and retailers. Our software acts as a coach, enabling market leaders to transform pricing and promotion strategy for the $3.4 trillion spent in consumer goods retail using intelligent, real-time data and insights.

Reporting directly to the Head of Data Science, you will be at the center of what determines Eversight's success as a company. You will analyze the data and develop production code using the newest Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to determine the optimal prices and promotions for major product manufacturers and retailers that sell these products.

Responsibilities
Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:
Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.
Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be important.
Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products
Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line
Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)
Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions
Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients
Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights
Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact
Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product
Behavioral Profile
Analytical, framework thinker
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Highly collaborative
Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences
Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in Data Science and/or Machine Learning with direct impact on business value
B.S., M.S., or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field
Strong understanding of Generalized Linear Models
Ability to write efficient code in Python
Experience with Hypothesis Testing and Maximum Likelihood Estimation
Preferred Qualifications
Team leadership experience strongly preferred
Startup experience strongly preferred
Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments
Agile experience
Experience with NumPy and Pandas (or equivalent experience in R)
Strong in math and statistics: Linear Algebra, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus
Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)
Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience


Location

Palo Alto, CA

About the Company

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered pricing and promotions. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing in response to market conditions and to deliver higher ROI on promotional spend. Eversight's Pricing Suite and Offer Innovation Suite solutions are driving strong margin and sales volume improvements for leading companies such as Coca-Cola, General Mills, Raley's, and Rite Aid. Founded in 2013, Eversight is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with offices in Chicago and New York.",4.2,"Eversight
4.2",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
200,Principal Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Principal Data Scientist, Oncology
The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

NOTE: This position can be filled in either GAITHERSBURG MARYLAND OR WALTHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will develop your leadership skills and apply and develop your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include developing machine learning models for digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Day-to-Day:
Developing novel data science and machine learning solutions where off-the-shelf methodologies do not fit.
Leading small (2-3 person) data science projects of defined scope.
Coaching/mentoring junior data scientists and others to drive the development of data science as an AZ capability.
What You'll Need:

Essential:
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Extensive knowledge of mathematical modelling and statistical modelling techniques and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills
Outstanding communication, business analysis and consultancy
Desirable:
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.
In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
201,NLP Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:


Are you interested in changing the world of work? We’re building a world-class analytics team to apply data science to the soft side of how work gets done. We’re working hard, having fun, and making history; come join us!

Workhuman is seeking a Natural Language Processing (NLP) Data Scientist to join our Workhuman iQ team as a domain expert. This role focuses on analyzing unstructured data for over 37 million workplace recognition moments. This person is expected to become an expert in uncovering insights hidden in recognition moments across dozens of countries for our customers, the industry and our company.

You will apply cutting-edge AI and Machine Learning approaches to solving an enormous variety of NLP problems across several industries.  For example, you will build NLP models to accomplish outcomes such as rating sentiment, uncovering hidden bias, identify meaning behind recognition moments, and identify semantic patterns that lead to workplace outcomes (e.g., reduced turnover, increased productivity, etc).

Your work will be project-oriented, and you will often be responsible for the data findings and interpretation of results and transferring capabilities to colleagues, clients and internal product teams. You will constructively discuss your findings while always looking for the best solution.

This position will report to the NLP Manager.

**This position can be located in Framingham, MA office OR remotely

Responsibilities
Build large-scale deep learning models for Workhuman NLP product
Experiment with advanced deep learning architectures and NLP techniques to improve the performance of NLP systems
Provide support on maintaining and improving the systems and data pipelines for Workhuman NLP product
Create test sets and run evaluation on NLP systems for Workhuman products
Analyze usage data from Workhuman NLP product and run error analysis
Explore the advanced deep learning framework and infrastructure and apply it to the data generated by Workhuman products
Required skills and experience:

Master’s or PhD in computer science, computational linguistics, machine learning, artificial intelligence or related field require
2+ years of NLP experience; more specifically working within Machine Learning and Deep Learning
Experience with natural language processing and machine learning projects such as text classification, sentiment analysis, and sequence tagging
Programming skills in Python
Experience with state-of-art machine learning and natural language processing toolkits such as Sklearn, Gensim, Spacy, NLTK, etc
Experience with at least one of the deep learning toolkits, such as Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras, etc.
Experience working with speech and/or language data
Expertise in building ontologies, taxonomies, and semantic relation frameworks
3+ years of analytics experience
Practical knowledge of data processing needs and trade-offs
Comfortable handling a high volume of work daily
Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment
Willingness to support several projects at one time, and to accept reprioritization as necessary
Strong attention to detail
Exceptional level of organization
Experience with process design and documentation
Experience communicating research findings and analysis in both written and spoken channels
The Company:


Workhuman® is the world’s fastest-growing integrated Social Recognition® and continuous performance management platform. Our human applications are shaping the future of work by helping organizations connect culture to shared purpose. With a consistent stream of gratitude fueling unparalleled, provocative workplace data and human insights, Workhuman® Cloud is a critical software engine for global companies seeking to motivate and empower their people to do the best work of their lives. Workhuman® (formerly known as Globoforce) was founded in 1999 and is co-headquartered in Framingham, Mass., and Dublin, Ireland.

Did you know:
We are #1 Great Place to Work in Ireland for the 2019 medium-sized workplace category and have been named one of the 2018 Top Places to Work in Massachusetts by the Boston Globe
Workhuman® is used by 4.5 million employees across 160 countries.
Our core values are; Respect, Determination, Innovation and Imagination
Perks & Benefits for our Happy Healthy Humans:
Comprehensive Health Plans
Fully paid parental leave (12-week maternity/4-week paternity) effective day 1
Peer-to-peer recognition program
401(k)
Tuition Reimbursement
Commuter bus from downtown Boston
On-site fitness center
Wellness rewards and reimbursements
Fully stocked kitchen (cold brew on tap - snacks and coffee machines as far as the eye can see…)
Regular celebrations for employees, families and special guests
At Workhuman, we love what we do because we’re shaping the future of work through our people and our technology. Our human cloud-based applications are helping some of the world’s leading global brands connect culture to shared purpose. The Workhuman Cloud empowers employees to thank, talk and celebrate each other, creating an environment that sparks gratitude and human connection while increasing employee engagement and productivity.

Workhuman is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees. We proudly provide a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Employment decisions at Workhuman are based on solely on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Workhuman believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.",4.1,"Workhuman
4.1",Texas,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
202,Computer Scientist 1,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a broad software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Jr. Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software repository containing code in Python, MATLAB, C++ and Java. Candidate will also be responsible for maintaining this repository and its accessibility. Machine Learning, Cloud Technology, and a strong CS background is highly desired. Good communication skills with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Some experience in scientific programming
Experience programming in a high-level language such as C/C++ on Unix/Linux platforms
Experience programming in high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Familiarity with interfacing C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.3,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.3","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
203,Azure Databricks Data Engineer,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Collaborate with business stakeholders to identify and meet data requirements
Management of data workflows and pipelines
Responsible for collecting, moving, storing, and preparation of data infrastructure
Manage and secure the flow of structured and unstructured data from multiple sources like ingest, egress , and transform data
Manage, monitor, and ensure the security and privacy of data to satisfy business needs
Other duties as assigned

5 +yrs of Azure experience
Experience with PySpark, Spark SQL, Databricks (notebooks), and Azure Synapse.
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
204,Software Engineer - Data Visualization,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels who are experienced with data visualization, interactive data-driven visualizations, and user interface design. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for the design and development of data visualization software, techniques, and algorithms.
The candidate should have experience creating and building custom, re-usable data visualizations based on statistical and mathematical modeling and data analysis to be used to solve a variety of problems related to data reporting. Seeking engineers with the ability to overcome information overload, are familiar with accessibility compliance, information design, and human factors and usability design.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop, and deploy analytic software solutions
Self-motivated with a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Designing, developing, and deploying data visualizations, interactive dashboards, and user interface solutions
Applying knowledge of technical computing platforms, tools, and techniques to analyze information and data requirements obtained from data scientists, analysts, and other business stakeholders
Planning and proposing solutions for the optimization of data integration strategies, intuitive designs, and enterprise interactive dashboards
Formulating simulation models of operational problems and proposed solutions related to integrating and analyzing using dynamic data visualizations that incorporate intuitive interfaces, infographics, interactive drill-downs, movements
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams on the use of data visualizations developed
Collecting feedback to make continuous improvements to new and existing data visualizations
Contributing to guidelines and design conventions and standards for modeling and data visualizations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design, development, and deployment of software systems
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Front-end application frameworks such as Vue, React, Angular
HTML/CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Zurb, Material
Experience developing client-side applications using JavaScript
JavaScript libraries such as Bootstrap, jQuery, Leaflet, D3.js
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Comfortable meeting with customers and peers to explore change requests, bugs and new ideas
Customer technical support experience
Documentation experience, to include up-front design documentation


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
205,Clinical Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Your Superpowers
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
206,Data Engineer,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"WHO WE ARE

NCSOFT is a premiere digital entertainment company and global publisher with worldwide locations and more than 4,000 employees focused on bringing extraordinary games to life for millions of fans around the world. Established in 1997 and headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, we quickly became a key leader in online games. Best known for critically acclaimed franchises including Lineage, Aion, Guild Wars, and Blade & Soul, NCSOFT is also one of the world's top mobile developers with Lineage 2M occupying the #1 grossing revenue slot on Google Play. Our core goal is making people in this world happier by delivering games that entertain a globally connected audience has remained the same. Our culture is innovative, creative, collaborative and impactful, and we are passionate about creating the best gaming experiences for our players.

WHY JOIN THE BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE PLATFORM TEAM?
We are a passionate and positive team that is always working on new data engineering technology and exciting projects including new game launches.
We feel team members are most effective in working on what they are passionate about. We are all capable of working on any given project, and often shift tasks based on preference.
We own the data platform, contributing to the design, implementation, and maintenance of these data services so we aren't shy about experimenting with new tech. However, we take a measured approach in order to minimize introducing unnecessary technical debt.
We collaborate with Analytics, Game Development, Platform and Publishing teams. Our data platform supports all kinds of data in an efficient environment that helps with analysis, customer care and company wide data-driven decisions.
WHAT YOU'LL DO

As a Data Engineer, you'll be responsible for gathering and collecting data, storing it, doing batch processing or real-time processing on it, and serving it to data scientists and data analysts to easily query.
Understanding data source (10%)
Develop data processes for construction, mining, and modeling that are delivered to the data analyst/science team (30%)
Create large data warehouses by running some ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) that is used for analysis by the analyst/scientists (30%)
Install continuous pipelines of huge pools of filtered information so that data analyst/scientists can pull relevant data sets for their analyses (20%)
Develop, construct, test and maintain architectures such as databases and large-scale data processing systems (10%)
WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL
BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience
3+ years of day-to-day working experience as data engineer
Experience with object-oriented and functional programming languages: Python, Scala etc.
Experience with RDBMS (MS-SQL, MYSQL etc.) and NoSQL (MongoDB, DynamoDB etc.)
Experience with Big Data query and application knowledge: Hive, Impala, Fluentd, Spark, Sqoop, Pig etc.
Experience with ETL and data integration tool : Airflow, Informatica PowerCenter
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, S3, EMR, Glue, RedShift, Athena etc.
Proficiency in general database administration concepts and efficient query writing
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
An eagerness to continually improve your skills, learn new technologies a willingness to take initiative beyond basic responsibilities
This is a full time, on-site position at our office in Aliso Viejo, CA. A casual, friendly work environment, a comprehensive benefits package, a competitive salary, and more are all part of what makes NCSOFT West a great place to work.",3.0,"NCSOFT
3.0","Aliso Viejo, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$10+ billion (USD),-1
207,Journeyman Data Scientist/Analyst,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

JOB SUMMARY:

The Intelligence and Homeland Security Group of Leidos is seeking a Journeyman Data Scientist for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required in order to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insight and trends in Human Capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance Human Capital Analysis across the IC. Centralize Intelligence Community Chief Human Capital Office (IC CHCO) data collection and synthesis, including survey data enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data driven problem solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operations questions; and incorporate insight and findings into a range of products

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Active TS/SCI with polygraph.
8+ years demonstrated core experience in the Labor Category area.
Demonstrated knowledge of the Intelligence Community.
Demonstrated experience performing data analysis and modeling on an independent (i.e., without significant guidance or direction) basis.
Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.
Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).
Preferred experiences include but not limited to C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.
Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.
Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative - tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.
Demonstrated five (5) years expertise in supporting quantitative and analytic efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.
Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.
Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.
Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on*line and automated survey instruments.
Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields and requisite experience. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Bethesda, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
208,Temporary Marketing Data Analyst,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description Summary:

The firmwide marketing technology/CRM team has a temporary opening for a Marketing Data Analyst (approximately 4-5 months) who will help us execute on firm reporting requests received through marketing and business development team members. This position can be based in any of our offices.

Job Description:
Create standard and advanced custom report types for cross object reporting in Salesforce.
Create custom, complex, cross-object and cross-platform reports and dashboards using Salesforce, Marketo, Apsona, Power BI and internal data sources. Develop and fine tune reports to yield meaningful results based on changing business needs.
Build reports from scratch using data from different systems and build templates for end users to self-serve. Determine best data source, set up reports and validate results. Work with business development partners to build meaningful dashboards.
Report on complex client relationships with multiple parties of interest in a non-traditional, non-linear sales environment where the relationship is the ‘sale’.
Build custom curated, segmented email distribution lists in Marketo. Work with business development partners to fine tune. Set up campaign workflows. Report campaign results by account, contact and campaign.
Participate in data governance and hygiene programs and projects.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:

Current hands-on experience developing reports in Salesforce and Marketo strongly preferred, minimum of 2-3 years. Experience with other platforms, in addition to SFDC/Mkto, highly desired.
Experience combining multiple data sources and developing reports independently.
Experience with data import/export using data loader.
Experience solving for marketing automation/CRM/relationship intelligence data integration challenges related to data gathering for reports.
Strong Excel, data validation and critical thinking skills.
Strong presentation and training skills and ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a variety of audiences.
Strong project management and organizational skills and ability to work independently as an individual contributor and a team member.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, concierge service environment.
Law firm and other professional services industry experience highly preferred.",4.0,"Fenwick & West
4.0","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1972,Company - Private,Legal,Accounting & Legal,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
209,Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"WHAT WE DO MATTERS:

Here at The Knot Worldwide, we believe in doing work that matters. In 15 countries around the world, our leading family of brands (The Knot, WeddingWire, Bodas, GigMasters, The Bump, How They Asked, Lasting, and more) inspire, inform, and celebrate our communities as they move through life's milestones. From the proposal to creating a home, and starting a family together, we're there for every step of the journey. Our couples and business partners depend on us. They're all in. So are we.

ABOUT THE ROLE AND OUR TEAM:

The Knot Worldwide is in search of a full-time Data Scientist. Our Data Scientists work with stakeholders across all departments within the company. They answer strategic questions and provide insight to internal decision makers ranging from executives and senior management to product managers and team leads. They also work with our product team to develop data driven algorithms that improve features on the website.

This opening is for our Marketplace zone which connects over 2 million engaged couples with +50,000 local wedding vendors (e.g. Venue, DJ, Florist, etc.) across the US each year. This position plays an essential role in solving complex problems across our two-sided marketplace in areas such as pricing, product strategy, and go-to-market optimization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create smarter product solutions for our couples and vendors
Answer strategic questions by analyzing behavioral data
Communicate, collaborate and present results to clients within The Knot Worldwide
Explore novel ways to look at our data
SUCCESSFUL DATA SCIENTIST CANDIDATES HAVE:
Master's Degree or Ph.D. preferred
Experience implementing auction based business models
Strong product experience
Proficiency in key statistical and machine learning techniques (predictive modeling, classification, clustering, text analytics, recommender systems , data mining methods, forecasting, and other advanced techniques)
Proficiency with R or Python
Familiarity with common Linux command line tasks and version control software like git or svn preferable
Ability to communicate effectively and influence others
Ability to work in a fast paced environment and shift gears quickly
At The Knot Worldwide, we believe you are more than a resume and invite you to go for it, take the leap of faith, and apply for this job if it sparks your passion to join TKWW and make a difference!

WHAT WE LOVE ABOUT YOU:
You Dream Big. You iterate and experiment to drive innovation.
You Love Our Users. You keep our global community at the center of everything you do.
You Respect All Voices. Inclusion strengthens us and powers your decisions.
You Hustle Every Day. You favor urgency and own your outcomes.
You Win Together. People are at the heart of our success and you play as a team.
WHAT YOU LOVE ABOUT US:

The Knot Worldwide offers a unique employee experience and we are deeply proud of our award-winning culture. From flexible vacation and generous parental leave benefits to promoting wellness and giving back to our community, we believe in happiness above all else—in and out of the office.

----

The Knot Worldwide provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, The Knot Worldwide complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. The Knot Worldwide expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

--

This position is not eligible for sponsorship.

--

If you are a resident of California, by submitting your application, you acknowledge that you've read the California Privacy Notice.",3.7,"The Knot Worldwide
3.7",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
210,Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Maxar is looking for a Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist join our team in Northern VA. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to the prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Geospatial Programmers with analytic teams in order to create custom-tailored web apps.

Life with Us
Project: Were improving upon models that use Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) to search for and identify objects. You would be the leader in this effort to design a scalable cloud-based solution and turn it into a real-world solution.

Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor, and/or a mentor, to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be developing and enhancing a geospatial app and the supporting infrastructure. This app is used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:

Building and training Deep Learning models to accurately identify specified objects.

Accessing large and various data sets

Working with multiple mission partners to identify and evaluate data sources.

We work in a very Lean-Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum. Weve eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it!

We work together with our govt. stakeholders in their spaces in a very free-flowing and technology-forward environment.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph

Bachelor's degree in a related field, e.g. Computer Science, Systems Engineering, etc.

8 years of relevant experience

Recent experience with some of the following technologies:
AWS: EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, Cloudfront

Programming and Data Science Tools: Python or Java & experience using PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar Machine Learning packages

Experience building and training ML computer vision models, classification or object detection

Understanding of methods for labeling training data for Machine Learning models

Experience in data engineering and methods to handle large quantities of data for Machine Learning

Linux Terminal

Preferred Skills:
Willingness to learn new tasks and tools

Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) Pipeline techniques and tools

Experience in building and publishing anaconda packages

Experience performing AI/ML projects in a cloud environment

Experience in model deployment for enterprise applications

Experience leading other developers

Strong interpersonal skills.

Exposure to GIS technologies, e.g. PostGIS, Esri ArcGIS Enterprise

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","Chantilly, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
211,Data Scientist/ Data Automation Engineer,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"JSR is a global leader in material sciences and chemical engineering committed to contributing to social good by supplying materials to serve future generations and providing new value today for our customers and society in the areas of digital solutions, life sciences, elastomers, and next generation solutions.
We value Innovation, Quality, Customers, and People!  JSR combines a deep Japanese heritage of materials innovation, with speed propelled by our strong customer partnerships with premier tech & life sciences companies.  Are you interested in taking JSR and your career to the next stage?
The Opportunity
The role of the successful candidate is to accelerate the technology and product development cycles through focused automation initiatives. This engineer will lead cross functional teams to develop tools and applications to manage data from multiple chemical manufacturing sites as well as quality and development data to enable proactive process management and system troubleshooting.
Collaborates with the Manufacturing teams and Digital Transformation Office to develop product roadmaps in the digital space.
Works closely with technology development, product design teams and IT teams to rapidly establish the data science infrastructure necessary to meet the above goals
Communication of project updates including status, needs, and risks throughout the management chain.
Establish Way-of-Working guidelines and deliver communication and training sessions to ensure seamless implementation of the automation framework.
About You
7+ years plus B.S. or 5+ years with M.S. desired
B.S. degree in Engineering, Data Science, Material Science, or equivalent. M.S. a plus
Experience in chemical processing, organic chemistry, and analytical chemistry a plus
Proficiency and experience with Solution Focused Thinking - evaluating current problem patterns and devising a workable plan/process/solution
Experience working in an Agile environment.
Excellent data analysis proficiency required. Ability to do data manipulation via basic scripting techniques, macros or programming languages (i.e., Python) is preferred.
Knowledge of chemical processes and basic chemical structures, reactions and interactions needed to tie data into current troubleshooting or experimental work.
Proficiency and experience with Statistical Process Control (SPC) needed.
Strong computer skills essential – JMP, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, database and statistical software experience highly desired.
Detail-oriented and strong organizational skills. Quick problem-solving skills, able to communicate in-depth to customers, internal and external.
Experience in working within a cross-functional team is necessary.
Here's More of What You'll Be Doing
Work safely by observing safety rules, policies and procedures. Identify unsafe conditions or actions to the immediate supervisor.
Perform analyses and report results with minimal supervision.
Identify and execute improvements to existing quality procedures for data analytics, following guidelines on accuracy and validation
Act as Product Owner for development of digital solutions that assist in more efficient and effective issue resolution.
Do deep, wide and detailed data analysis using existing across a variety of platforms (databases, LIMS, other operational flows).
Work on and resolve various issues with data sets, including standardization of values, units and naming conventions, as well as bigger problems with current calculation methods and any underlying assumptions behind the calculations.
Initiate and perform a variety of analyses and recommend statistically designed experiments to address customer issues with general instructions.
Maintain and verify reliability of calculation methods, language or programming behind current macros or other scripts for data analysis.
Create reports and group presentations using Excel, Access, JMP and PowerPoint, to communicate data to other teams – Production, Quality Control, R&D, Sales and Management.
Independently design experiments using statistical methods (Does) towards developing and optimizing new test methods for products and raw materials and facilitate the implementation of these procedures by educating and assisting other members of the Data Automation Team.
Work in a team environment, especially the cross-departmental Data Automation Team (Cleans Engineering, Quality Control, Production, Litho Engineering, Sales, Logistics and Materials).
Make suggestions to management for improving this position or improving work processes

JSR is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.
**Recruitment agencies/Headhunter do not submit resumes/CVs through our Web site or directly to managers. JSR will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with JSR. JSR do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. **",3.8,"JSR Micro
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
212,Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Responsibilities:
Bring Creativity to Data products.
Apply machine learning methods to a variety of finance and accounting problems.
Responsible for building and maintaining the machine learning systems, data, platform and processes.
Build, integrate and deploy machine learning solutions into the BlackLine application in collaboration with product management, cloud, engineering and data science teams.
Perform qualitative and quantitative data analysis.
Cleanse and transform raw data used in machine models.
Perform data munging, data mining, clustering & classification methods, pattern recognition.
Comfortable with statistics, calculus and multivariate analysis.
Participate in ML POCs, validate the results and develop production implementations.
Build and optimize scalable machine learning solutions in the public cloud.
Familiar with SQL, Python, R, SparkML, TensorFlow, GCP, AWS, SQL Server.
Develop production systems in Python.
Work independently to research and solve business and technical problems.
Plan their work individually and as part of a team.
Mentor and train other Data Scientists on the team.
Qualifications:
Strong practical experience with machine learning techniques in the industry, accounting and financial industries is a plus.
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.
Experience with machine learning algorithms for building ML models, their accuracy, cleanliness, reliability.
Experience with predictive and prescriptive analyses, modeling, and segmentation.
Have strong passion for empirical data research for practical applications.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in clear, precise, and actionable
Comfortable with complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.
Very comfortable with data engineering methods and pipelines.
Expert knowledge of analysis tools such as R, Matlab, or SAS
Experience with data warehousing, relational databases, ETL, BI, data mining.
Experience in SQL, R, Python languages.
Strong familiarity with GCP and AWS, SQL Server.
Practical experience with GIT version control.
Comfortable working with open source tools in a Unix/Linux environment.
Experience with and ownership of data-informed decision-making.
Experience translating business requirements into functional, and non-functional requirements.
Strong sense of product and data ownership.
Works independently without the need for supervision.
Strong written and verbal skills – able to explain the work in plain language.
MS/PhD in Computer Science or other quantitative disciplines",3.9,"BlackLine
3.9","Woodland Hills, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
213,Electromagnetics Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Returning Candidate? Log back in to the Career Portal and click on 'Job Browsing/History' and find the job you're looking for.

2020-021-EGR: Electromagnetics Scientist

Directorate Engineering & Support Solutions
Location Wright-Patterson AFB, OH
Riverside Research has an immediate opening in the Beavercreek, Ohio area for an Electromagnetics Scientist. The candidate will perform modeling analysis of EM interactions with various materials in defined configurations.

All Riverside Research opportunities require U.S. citizenship.

IND2

Job Responsibilities:
• Provide analysis of Effects for models
• Provide support for field testing materials and sensors under high power RF and laser illumination
• Perform and coordinate analysis with project sponsor
• Perform modeling and simulation for RF/EM characterization and design
Job requires 40 - 80 days of travel to include weekends and international travel
• Other duties as assigned

Qualifications:
• Masters degree in related science or engineering field or equivalent experience. PHD preferred.
• Must currently have a Secret level security clearance. Preference will be given to those holding an active TS with SCI eligibility
• 5 years of experience with High Power Microwave (HPM)/Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) measurements and related data interpretation
• Experience in EM/RF modeling and simulation
• Experience in signal analysis and composites; hands on work with aircraft and/or missile components
• Experience with MATLAB, Microwave Studio, and/or Python. Security + certification desired
• Ability to work as both an individual as well as a member of a team
• Exceptional communication skills, both oral and written
• Other duties as assigned

Resumes must demonstrate specialized experience that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled and also demonstrate particular knowledge, skills, and abilities, to successfully perform the duties of the position.

Desired Qualifications:
• Preference will be given to those holding an active TS with SCI eligibility
• Security + certification desired

Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.

Apply Now",3.4,"Riverside Research Institute
3.4","Wright Patterson AFB, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
214,Data Engineer,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Engineer will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture. The ideal candidate is experienced at data wrangling, enjoys data systems, and enjoys building things from the ground up. The data engineer will support the analytics teams at our client’s site by creating processes and programs to ingest the many unstructured files we receive, transform the data into a standard form and load it into the ecosystem. The right candidate will be excited with the prospect of optimizing and redesigning the client’s data architecture for the next set of data initiatives.
Use tools to build processes to extract, transform and load data from multiple sources
Assemble complex data sets that meet business requirements
Identify, design and implement processes to automate manual processes
Create structured datasets from unstructured data from multiple sources
Experience working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
QUALIFICATIONS
3-5 years of experience with SQL query language plus experience creating complex queries
3-5 years of experience with Hadoop; specifically, Hive, HiveQL and HDFS
3-5 years of experience building processes supporting ETL work
1-3 years of experience building and optimizing big data pipelines and data sets
1-3 years of experience with programming languages: Python, Scala, PySpark
Strong Analytical skills
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Information Systems or some other related field
OneMagnify powers business performance for its clients with actionable analytics, compelling marketing communications through brand strategy, and technology solutions for companies here and around the world. We think that’s pretty cool, making us an exciting place to work. But there is so much more to this employee-centric company. For example, it’s all the fun and important things we do—like our charitable giving team program, summer poker walks, quarterly cake day and, of course, the creative client solutions we deliver daily. It all stems from a culture of caring—for each other, our clients and the world around us.

OneMagnify is an equal opportunity employer.
OneMagnify is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.7,"OneMagnify
4.7","Dearborn, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1967,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
215,Medical Lab Scientist / MLT (ASCP Certified) - Molecular/Micro,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:

ASCP or AMT Certification is required for this role. MLS and MLT will be considered.

We have openings available on Evening and Night shift.

Cleveland Clinic is offering a $2,500 sign on bonus (external new hires).

Diploma and transcripts must be provided prior to interviewing. Education will be verified. Education outside of the USA requires diploma & transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from a reputable agency.

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.

OR

Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc).

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).

Competencies (Complexity of Work):

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None Required

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows standard precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

#LI-EM1

Keywords: Medical Technologist, MLT, MLS, MT, ASCP, AMT, laboratory, lab, testing, pathology

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Cleveland, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
216,Data Science Analyst,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Science Support Analyst to support a client’s requirements in a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The position is for the Pathfinder contract. This Analyst will be responsible for constructing scripts and configuration controls to facilitate analysts performing repeatable complex database queries in multiple databases. This Analyst will be responsible for creating automated-scripting to assist analysts with data discovery. The Analyst will be required to work both independently and collaboratively with teams to create solutions in support of the customer.

Requirements:

• 3 to 10 years of experience is required

BA/BS degree is required. However, 6 years of work experience may be substituted

for a Bachelor's degree

Knowledge of IC mission, organizations, policies, procedures, and requirements

• Experience in IC related data science research and analysis

Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Skill and experience in programming, statistics, and/or data architecture
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Experience constructing and performing complex database search queries across multiple databases
TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance is required

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Development

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
217,Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"As a part of the Data Science team, you will run the development of next-generation platforms for customers micro-segmentation, clusterization, behavior analysis, and prediction as well as building up new improved recommendation systems for the customers.

You will use your expertise to design data science models and frameworks, data processing pipelines, and lead efforts of the ML models productization.

You will use project management skills to manage the deliverables and ensure all stakeholder work is complete on time. You will also manage stakeholder communications and present your project across a wide spectrum of management levels.

The position requires excellent communication skills and experience working directly with technical teams as well as with business stakeholders. Being able to present findings in a meaningful and clear way is a must.

Responsibilities:
Work with a team of skilled data scientists
Plan the R&D process to fit sprint goals as well as the project milestones.
Drive the collection, cleaning, processing, and analysis of new and existing data sources.
Lead ML models development using Python/Tensorflow/Keras/Spark stack.
Communicate with business stakeholders to clarify their requirements and present the teamwork results.
Requirements:
Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or relevant field and with 3+ years’ experience in related data science and software engineering roles.
Experience with look-alike modeling and sequential-input models, RNNs (LSTM, GRU, etc.)
Strong working experience in Python, SQL and NoSQL DBs.
Practical skills in usage of big data technologies and tools including Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Spark.
Fluency in such technologies like Scikit-learn, Pandas,Tensorflow, keras, gensim, stanfordNLP, PySpark.
Great communication and presentation skills. Proven ability to present progress made by the team to senior business management and the project stakeholders.
Familiarity with Container Development (using dockers)
Familiarity with cloud ML Platforms (Google AI Platform, Amazon Sagemaker, MS Azure AI Platform) is a plus.
We offer:
Opportunity to work on bleeding-edge projects
Work with a highly motivated and dedicated team
Very competitive salary
Flexible schedule
Medical insurance
Benefits program
Corporate social events
Professional development opportunities
NB:

Placement and Staffing Agencies need not apply. We do not work with C2C at this time. At this moment, we are not able to process H1B transfers. Applicants with CPT and OPT visas are welcome to apply.

About Us:

Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors.

We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season.

Founded in 2006 and headquartered in San Ramon, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, omnichannel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement.",3.9,"Grid Dynamics
3.9","Plano, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
218,Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a highly motivated scientist to join the Discovery Immuno-Oncology group at Jounce Therapeutics. The successful candidate for this position will play a leading role within a team of scientists engaged in the discovery and testing of novel cancer immunotherapeutic biologics. Responsibilities include designing, developing, and conducting experiments aimed at identifying optimal therapeutic candidates, understanding the mechanism of action of our therapeutic molecules (mostly monoclonal antibodies), as well as playing a key team role in supporting a program from discovery to development. Management of one or more research associates is expected. The candidate must be capable of working across functional groups and communicating results with scientists from diverse backgrounds. The ideal candidate should be a highly motivated self-starter capable of working independently and as part of a team.
Responsibilities:
Manage and lead one or more research associates.
Provide both immuno-oncology guidance and technical expertise to a cross-functional team.
Lead the development and execution of a novel discovery program
Active management of experimental activities and delivery of data in accordance with program and corporate timelines.
Thorough documentation of experiments and communication of results across functional teams.
Drafting documents in support of regulatory filings.

Doctoral degree (PhD., M.D., M.D./Ph.D.) or equivalent in Immunology or Cancer Immunology, postdoctoral experience of 1-4 year, with industry experience a plus.
S/he will have a strong background in Immunology, with an excellent understanding of the role of immune cells in influencing cellular adaptive and innate immune responses, and experience working with biologics.
Extensive experience with in vitro and ex vivo immunological assays (multi-parameter flow cytometry, immune cell sorting and isolation, etc.)
Publications in top tier journals, and/or patents
Excellent organizational, communication and presentation skills
Strong interpersonal skills and a desire to bring novel therapeutics to patients is key
Able to thrive in a highly collaborative, fast-paced, team-oriented environment with colleagues from diverse disciplines but with the capacity to work independently.
Ability to think creatively and critically to make a measurable impact on projects is an important aspect of this role.
Additional Qualifications
Experience with in vivo, immune system-related mouse models and/or syngeneic mouse tumor models is advantageous.

Jounce Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, religion, creed, sex, or political beliefs. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package. All applicants should be legally entitled to work for any employer in the U.S.
To apply, please visit https://careers-jouncetx.icims.com/.

Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company dedicated to transforming the treatment of cancer by developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors and provide long lasting benefits to patients through a biomarker-driven approach. Through the use of its Translational Science Platform, Jounce first focuses on specific cell types within the human tumor microenvironment to prioritize targets, and then identifies related biomarkers designed to match the right immunotherapy to the right patient. Jounce currently has four development-stage programs, two of which are clinical-stage: vopratelimab, a monoclonal antibody that binds to and activates ICOS, and JTX-4014, a PD-1 inhibitor intended for combination use with Jounce’s broader pipeline. Vopratelimab is currently being assessed in a Phase 2 clinical trial, EMERGE, and Jounce plans to initiate an additional Phase 2 biomarker trial using TISvopra for patient selection, SELECT, to assess vopratelimab in combination with JTX-4014. Jounce’s IND-enabling preclinical programs include JTX-8064, a LILRB2 receptor antagonist and JTX-1811, a monoclonal antibody designed to selectively deplete T regulatory cells in the tumor microenvironment. For more information, please visit www.jouncetx.com.",4.4,"Jounce Therapeutics
4.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
219,"Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development",$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development
Location: Bedford, MA
Homology Medicines is seeking an outstanding Senior Scientist to assist in the advancement of viral gene therapy production processes for novel adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The individual in this role will be a highly-skilled, talented and motivated researcher who will lead the work to develop and characterize next generation plasmids for large scale manufacturing of AAV vectors. We seek candidates with proven ability to work independently and collaboratively who are driven to pursue cutting edge science and develop next generation therapies to transform the lives of patients.
Essential Functions and Duties
Design, development, and characterization of novel plasmids for AAV production using molecular and cell-based assays
Analyze vector specific characteristics including packaging efficiency and product quality, as impacted by packaging and inverted terminal repeat (ITR) plasmid and integrity
Advance technical understanding and development of critical parameters in mammalian cell culture production systems for AAV vectors
Collaborate closely with analytical characterization team to evaluate critical vector attributes and process performance parameters for AAV vector production
Lead a team of research associate and scientist completing assigned tasks and serve as scientific mentor to overseeing laboratory experimentation and data analysis
Author technical reports and technology transfer documents as needed
Skills and Experience
PhD or MS in molecular biology, virology, or related fields with 4+ (PhD) or 6+ (MS) years industry experience in viral vector production
Expertise in molecular cloning techniques preferably with AAV/ITR experience
Thorough understanding of virus characterization methods including nucleic acid and protein-based approaches
Familiarity with using lab-scale production platforms including adherent cell systems, shake flasks, and bioreactors for live virus or viral vector production
Adept at conducting routine testing and limited troubleshooting of multiple methods
Independently motivated, detail oriented, and good problem-solving ability
Excellent interpersonal written and oral communication skills
Interested candidates should forward a cover letter and Resume / CV to careers@homologymedicines.com or on line: www.homologymedicines.com
Homology Medicines, Inc. (HMI) has built foundational intellectual property on gene editing and gene therapy vectors derived from naturally occurring human adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The Company's technology is precise, on-target and highly efficient for in vivo editing of genetic mutations. This transformative platform technology, combined with an elite leadership team of biopharmaceutical industry veterans, create a significant opportunity for HMI to rapidly advance a diverse pipeline of new medicines that address and potentially cure the underlying cause of genetic diseases.",4.4,"Homology Medicines
4.4","New Bedford, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
220,Lead Data Scientist,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our mission is to make the best mental health tools radically accessible for everyone.

We are pioneers in building personalized digital mental health tools to help millions of people with mental health difficulties. We are building a suite of regulated, prescription only digital therapeutics as well as a sophisticated delivery platform capable of responding to the lived experience of our users.

Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of intervention science at Stanford University. Our founder has an international reputation in Digital Mental Health intervention development. And our Chairman is Andrew Ng; and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP.

There has never been a better time to use your data science skills for good. Given the recent acceleration in infrastructure to allow for the meaningful adoption of DTx, our strong product reputation and existing relationships within health systems, Woebot is in a period of explosive growth. We are looking for a product-minded data scientist to continue to create value for our users, customers, and execute on our IP strategy.

What you will do:

As a leader in the Product team, you will work cross-departmentally with clinical and engineering team members to build machine learning and AI algorithms that are the core of Woebot's intelligence. There are four areas we want you to own and drive:

Drive An Insights & Analytics Culture
You will help create data analysis and analytics pipelines that improve not only the underlying ML algorithms but also the product and the user's experience.
You will lead a team of Analysts and be responsible for good data driven hygiene, including the creation, redesign, and maintenance of analytics dashboards and BI tools such as BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or Tableau.
You will also advise on data labeling strategy so that Woebot's conversational engine is continuously improved and informs changes in features, content, and UX.
Improve User Personalization:
Woebot exchanges 4.7 M messages with our users every week. You will create & lead a data-driven personalization strategy for this audience.
We consider personalization to be key for developing a relationship over time while delivering precision interventions, that is; the right method to the right person at the right time.
Contribute To Evidence:
In the next 6 months, you'll help Woebot develop evidence & trends to demonstrate the value of our highest priority products.
You're helping answer the most pressing questions in the mental health field around engagement, dose, and treatment outcomes.
In partnership with our Clinical team and academic partners, we expect you to contribute to our pipeline of peer-reviewed published research.
In addition to some platform-related pieces, you will lead publication in Data Science and HCI research.
What Your First 90 Days Could Look Like
By Day 30 - Assess the lay of the landscape & team - and make suggestions around in house analytic tools, dashboard and strategies.
By Day 60 - understand the roadmap with our founder and reverse engineer our tailored interventions. Deliver a prioritized list of roadmap items.
By Day 90 - Submit your first publication. Execute on a plan for improving user outcomes with our analytics and ML.
Role Specific Competencies:
PhD in Data Analysis or ML/AI or computational field with 8-10+ years of applied experience
Knowledge of one or more modern ML/NLP frameworks, such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, or Keras
Track Record of publishing in peer reviewed academic literature
You've led and managed other analysts and data scientists.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
What you will add to our culture:
Strong work-ethic: Works hard to get a job done.
Proactive & flexible: Able to hit the ground running, takes responsibility for finding a way to get the job done.
Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience, are a team player motivated to help others be successful.
High standards: Applies high standards toward everything.
Humble: You want to learn and grow in the role, and are open to feedback on how to do that.
What we offer:
Competitive Salary
Stock Options
Flexible PTO
Health, Dental & Vision
Healthy Snacks & Meals
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Woebot Health
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
221,Data Scientist - Two Sigma Insurance Quantified,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Two Sigma is a different kind of investment manager. Since 2001, we have used data science and technology to derive insights that forecast the future and discover value in markets worldwide. Our team of scientists, technologists and academics looks beyond traditional finance to understand the bigger picture and develop creative solutions to some of the world’s most challenging economic problems. Our work spans across markets and industries, from insurance and securities to private investments and new ventures.

Two Sigma IQ works closely with its industry partners to deliver products and solutions, which lead to enhanced automation and data-driven decision making. Comprised of a diversified and growing team of highly skilled data scientists, engineers, and business professionals, Two Sigma IQ possesses the agility and innovation of a dynamic startup with the resources and long-term view of Two Sigma. Learn more about TSIQ at https://twosigmaiq.com/

You will take on the following responsibilities:
Work with large, possibly unstructured datasets;
Perform exploratory data analysis and develop predictive models using large data sets
Carry out independent investigations/research studies and produce reports and visualizations to communicate your results;
Generate statistical models for a variety of phenomena;
Interact with industry professionals to understand their business and propose technical/statistical approaches;
Write libraries and research tools, developing and maintaining a research infrastructure to accelerate future results.

You should possess the following qualifications:
A strong academic record with at least one degree in a technical discipline.
Solid knowledge of Computer Science and Statistics.
Experience with data analysis tools (R, numpy/pandas/scikit-learn) and SQL.
Advanced programming skills in Python
Experience producing research reports and predictive models.
Good communication skills, both written and verbal.
Interest in working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.

You will enjoy the following benefits:
Core Benefits: Fully paid medical and dental insurance premiums for employees and dependents, competitive 401k match, employer-paid life & disability insurance
Perks: Onsite gyms with laundry service, wellness activities, casual dress, snacks, game rooms
Learning: Tuition reimbursement, conference and training sponsorship
Time Off: Generous vacation and unlimited sick days, competitive paid caregiver leaves

We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.",4.5,"Two Sigma
4.5","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
222,Senior Research Scientist – Security and Privacy,$111k-$178k (Glassdoor Est.),"Returning Candidate? Log back in to the Career Portal and click on 'Job Browsing/History' and find the job you're looking for.

2020-008-OIC: Senior Research Scientist – Security and Privacy

Directorate Open Innovation Center
Location Beavercreek, OH
If you want to be not just on the cutting edge of technology but creating the cutting edge of technology, Riverside Research is the place for you. We are searching for an individual to join our Trusted and Resilient Systems research group to help shape a more secure future. This position provides maximum flexibility in pushing forward new ideas, new technology, and ground-breaking research. The team has ongoing research in security of machine learning, cryptography, hardware and hypervisor security solutions, as well as developing cutting edge solutions to the security of open architecture systems. The ideal person for this position is interested in broad areas of technology and can leverage their interests to develop and study creative solutions to some of the most difficult challenges. The current team resides in Riverside Research’s Beavercreek, OH, but we are willing to consider candidates that would prefer to work out of one of our Washington DC (Centerville or Crystal City) offices, our New York City office, or our Boston office.

Job Responsibilities:
•Conduct independent research in the area of security and privacy
•Publish and present research in conferences and journals
•Mentor junior researchers and interns
•Work with the team to identify future areas of research investment and develop research plans
•Author technical proposals

Qualifications:
•Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
•PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or similar or Master's degree Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering with five plus years experience in research.
•Proficiency with software development and revision control (Git)
•Ability to work independently and with a team
•Superior written and verbal communications skills
Desired Qualifications:

•Demonstrated publication record
•Experience with DARPA, IARPA, and government funded research

IND1
CA
Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.

Apply Now",3.4,"Riverside Research Institute
3.4","Beavercreek, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
223,Senior Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"As a leading mobile games developer, Jam City is looking to “level up” our talent. We’re on the hunt for innovators who consider themselves dynamic, collaborative, and thrive in a fast-paced environment.

PERKS & BENEFITS
Unlimited Vacation, Paid Sick Days & Holidays
100% Employee Covered Medical, Dental, Vision Plan Base Plan
Life Insurance, 401k, Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits & More
Catered Lunches & Well-stocked Kitchens
Yoga & Wellness Activities
Happy Hours
Company Events
Dog Friendly

Jam City is looking for passionate, engaged and data driven individuals to join our growing Data Science team. We are searching for Data Scientists ready to work across our portfolio of games and be involved in every part of the process of delivering fun to millions of users worldwide. Working with our state of the art data infrastructure and diverse team you will see your contributions influence every aspect of our games, from marketing to production and even gameplay. As part of a data driven gaming and entertainment company you’ll be well placed to see your models and analysis shape the future of the company.

Our ideal candidate has experience working with large scale data sets and driving projects from conception to completion. Additionally they are able to take models or analysis one step farther and use data to tell stories and create understanding both within the analytics team and across the entire company. If doing a deep dive into the latest cutting edge literature on neural networks or probabilistic programming in the morning and working with game designers or engineers to turn findings into product in the afternoon sounds fun then you’ll fit right in at Jam City.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Use your knowledge of data cleaning, statistical analysis and visualization to turn numbers into results that make Jam City’s games better.
Collaborate with stakeholders ranging from marketers to product managers and artists to make sure that data informs decisions at all levels of Jam City.
Work on a mixture of short term tactical analysis that deals with immediate needs and long term strategic projects that drive major change within the company.
Create data visualizations and analysis pipelines that turn complicated problems into simple solutions for stakeholders.
Experiment with cutting edge techniques to help drive the next generation of analytics at Jam City.
QUALIFICATIONS:
An advanced or postgraduate degree in a quantitative field.
The ability to use SQL or a scripting language such as Python or Scala to generate, clean and explore complex datasets.
A demonstrated track record of using statistical languages/packages such as R or Python to build features, create models and explore datasets.
Experience presenting and describing complex datasets or statistical processes to audiences without a technical background.
The ability to learn and use skills that you already have to tackle new problems in a creative way.
NICE TO HAVE:
Evidence of presentations/publications demonstrating the ability to drive research projects from start to finish.
Experience with neural network frameworks such as Tensorflow/Torch.
Knowledge of Apache Spark and associated products.
Or some other unique skill that you can teach the team to help us level up our analytical capabilities!
ABOUT JAM CITY
Jam City is an award-winning mobile entertainment studio providing unique and deeply engaging games that appeal to a broad, global audience.

Led by CEO Chris DeWolfe, former MySpace co-founder and CEO, and COO Josh Yguado, former 20th Century Fox executive, Jam City is the creative powerhouse behind some of the highest-grossing and most enduring mobile games. Jam City’s global franchise Cookie Jam has generated more than half a billion dollars, and Panda Pop has more than 120 million downloads to date.

The company also is the go-to studio for Hollywood, having developed immersive, narrative-rich mobile games around iconic entertainment brands. The company’s popular RPG game Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery was the #1 game in more than 40 countries at its launch in April 2018.

Jam City has nine studios located in Los Angeles (HQ), Berlin, Buenos Aires, Bogotá, Burbank, Cedar Falls, San Diego, San Francisco, and Toronto.",3.9,"Jam City
3.9","Culver City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
224,Lead Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary
Tranzact is hiring a lead data scientist to assist our team in driving our data science and analytics group forward. You’ll be joining a group of curious, smart, technically minded yet business savvy data scientists looking to make a difference to the company by further designing and building out our data decisioning capabilities. We have been up and running for several years and our team must grow to meet the demands of our business partners—they see the value we have provided and want more.

The Lead Data Scientist is passionate about using data and insights to drive business strategy and develop data products. A successful candidate will manage data science projects including scoping, designing, and executing the vision with the help of more junior data scientists / analysts. They would also identify and prioritize initiatives to deliver value to our internal stakeholders. The ideal candidate would have experience managing data science projects, managing stakeholders, and working cross functionally. This person would have real world experience “in the data trenches” as a data scientist and be an all-star individual contributor. We expect this person to have a passion for driving projects for business outcomes, strong analytical skills, and a strong desire to make an impact in our growing data science practice!

What you’ll do:
Become the domain expert in multiple areas of the Tranzact business (i.e. retention, call center effectiveness, etc.) and contribute to the advancement of those area through thought leadership.
Lead new projects and initiatives through understanding business needs, executing, presenting and influencing stakeholders.
Be a technical leader on the team that can advise, mentor, and delegate tasks to more junior data scientists and analysts.
Facilitate data-driven decision making and prioritize initiatives.
Develop strong cross functional partnerships with business and technology stakeholders.
Act as a subject matter expert within the organization on all things data.
Find new and improved ways for us to use data in our products, operations, and business strategies.

What we do:
We achieve competitive advantage through data-driven marketing and full management of the customer experience. We’re constantly refining our technology and our strategies, that’s why we’re the industry leader in delivering the best results to the top insurance brands in America.

That’s not just lip service either, we’re consistently awarded partner of the year from brands like AFLAC, Humana, and more. Our work has also been featured on The Dr. Oz Show, Forbes, and Vox -- to name a few.

We want people who fit within our Be Real culture. We want a diversity of programmers and writers and designers and data scientists and strategists and more. We’re made up of introverts and extroverts, suits and rebels, corporate types and anti-corporate types. We’re an environment where every person feels their full potential is only limited by their ability to conceive of it and make it happen. Our company grew from entrepreneurial roots but has big company resources to get amazing things done.

What we’re looking for:
BA/BS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)
5 years of experience in data science at a B2C or direct to consumer company (experience in marketing, business operations, or customer retention is a plus)
Experience implementing predictive and prescriptive models in production systems
Experience managing data science projects and mentoring data scientists / analysts
Proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and a data visualization tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines
Experience communicating strategy and results to different audiences
Ability to work cross functionally and influence others
A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business
Ability to be objective, follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data
Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing
What’s in it for you:
Medical, dental, vision, paid time off/holidays, 401(k), and bonus opportunity
Frequent office events and outings
Employee development programs, conference and training reimbursement
Work remote flexibility
Joining a growing and exciting team making a big impact on the business!
EOE, including disability/vets",3.7,"TRANZACT
3.7","Raleigh, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
225,Senior Data Modeler,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description *
Strategamy is looking for an experienced Senior Data Modeler one of our FDA projects. Candidate must be able to work within a dynamic team environment and support large team across multiple initiatives. Candidate should have strong communication and skills with a good understanding of technical design and be able to work within an agile environment.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities: *
Serve as a senior data modeler and define or document conceptual data models across enterprise master data, transaction data, and informational data.
Work with the data team, including SMEs, database architects, and data stewards to develop conceptual models that serve as the basis for subsequent and ongoing data availability, performance, security, and quality objectives of a digital transformation program.
Ensure the proper alignment of the physical and logical data models with use cases and business defined objectives.
Work with business SMEs and data stewards to identify “To-Be” enterprise data models that will model the data as it should be.
Actively involved in eliciting and applying business data requirements from stakeholders, coordinating across multiple team members, understand the impact of data model changes across the business operational life cycle and understand technical solutions across different technologies
Identify core business data needs and decompose and document them in diagrams, as needed.
Basic Qualifications: *
BA or BS degree or higher
6+ years of experience with data analysis and data modeling
Experience with using a 3rd NF approach and data modeling tools, including Erwin
Experience in working with data management concepts and activities including industry best practices for data sourcing, key data elements, and data quality
Experience with developing and maintaining logical and physical data models and data dictionaries
Experience with developing standardized data vocabularies across large organizations and multiple business units and data issue identification, analysis, and remediation
Ability to work within standardized and non-standardized processes to accomplish assigned tasks
Ability to create and maintain data flows and documents using tools that include Visio, as necessary
Additional Qualifications: *
Ability to be cleared for security for FDA
Active Public Trust or Higher clearance
Experience with working in agile environments
Experience with design, development, and support for digital transformation and data modernization efforts
Experience with using Informatica product suites, including Enterprise Data Catalog (EDC) and AXON
Ability to work in a team environment and independently on assigned tasks
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills, including facilitating information discovery sessions with business leaders to extract all appropriate terminology and context and focusing on accuracy, consistency, and standardized terminology
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Information Technology: 10 years (Required)
Data Analysis and Data Modeling: 6 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,"Strategamy, LLC","Silver Spring, MD",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
226,"Data Scientist, Cloud Business Operations",$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"53303

About NetApp

NetApp provides software, systems, and services to manage, store and share data via on-premises, and private and public clouds to customers worldwide. NetApp is emerging as a leader in providing public cloud services on all major cloud platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft , and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). These cloud services, such as Cloud Volumes; Cloud Insights, Virtual Desktop Service, Global File Cache, SaaS backup, and Spot, avails customers to consider many more options on how and where to manage their critical workloads and data for optimal business and financial outcomes. The NetApp Public Cloud Services business unit is at the forefront of our effort to transform NetApp into a leader in the cloud market.
Job Summary
About the Position

This Cloud Business Operations Data Scientist will be the primary go to person for all of NetApp Public Cloud Services needs for analyzing tons of cloud services usage and billing data to derive intelligent business insights for enabling NetApp’s highest growth business. This person will be an expert in both understanding the data, as well as architecting and developing business logic and code to deliver automation in business intelligence. This is a highly technical role with deep understanding of Azure programming, R, SQL databases, visualization on Tableau, and scripting, along with years of experience in cloud services business operations. Knowledge of public cloud-based transactions on the top 3 cloud provider marketplaces (AWS, Azure and GCP) is a must, along with experience and understanding of integrations with internal systems for CRM, CPQ, Subscriptions Billing and Finance.

This role will coordinate with product management, IT and operations, and other NetApp functions including sales, marketing, and finance to understand, analyze and improve product pricing, SKU design, and transaction processing of our existing cloud offerings and upcoming innovations. This role will also act as the primary operations liaison between product management teams and business operations. The right person for this role has deep understanding of public cloud marketplace transaction processing, billing, metering, and revenue/usage reporting. This person also has extensive experience in dealing with cross-functional business requirements and engaging with key stakeholders at both the executive/VP level and with delivery teams.
Job Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Analyze usage and billing data from multiple sources to derive business intelligence
Develop business logic and write code to automate BI output
Design and develop visualization dashboards in Tableau
Understand public cloud marketplace transaction processes and provide guidance to business operations teams on implementation best practices
Leverage business insights to provide guidance to product management for pricing and transaction processing design
Skills and Qualifications
10+ years of experience working with various cloud providers, software vendors and/or consulting organizations
5+ years of experience in data analysis and business insights
5+ years of experience in Azure programming, R, SQL databases and Tableau
Understanding of enterprise cloud solutions and related technical offerings
Collaborative personality; comfortable working across many functions and teams, and engaging with senior executives
A creative go-getter who is full of ideas and can execute on those ideas in a fast-paced, demanding environment with excellent interpersonal and social skills
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.
Travel Required

20% (includes domestic and int.)
Education
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.

Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
Job Segment:
Operations Manager, Scientific, Database, Cloud, Operations, Engineering, Technology

Apply now »",3.8,"NetApp
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
227,Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job
ID

27241005

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

Dynamic, Fast-growing, Entrepreneurial Data Science Solutions Company seeking data Scientists! If you’ve got entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by results, and want to be a part of significant growth, we’re looking for you!

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

If you are ready to ignite the fire for digital marketing and join our team, please keep reading!

*************************************************************************************

Our Data Science All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals. They will work alongside our Data Scientists to get data into proper shape, perform statistical analyses and develop predictive models to solve our clients’ business problems.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-star focused on Data Science will receive internal training on tools, technology platforms (R, SQL, Excel) and modeling processes, learn how to apply theory to actual client project work, and hone business skills and applications of Data Science skills on business problems.

The four main areas of training will be:
Analytical methods
Technology programs and platforms
Data management and analysis
Business applications and approaches
The Details:
Location: Columbia, MD
Travel: Up to 25% (could be as much as 30% - 40% depending on projects)
Duration:Full-time
Benefits:Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on!
Desired Qualifications:
MS degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Math, or another quantitative discipline
Previous Data Science or Analytical experience or internships
Knowledge of predictive modeling and statistical analysis, as well as machine learning, text mining, geo-spatial analytics, time series forecasting, or optimization
Experience with one or more Advanced Data Science software languages such as R, Python, MATLAB, SAS, Java, or PHP
Experience with structured or un-structured data analysis tools such as SQL, Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Hive, Pig, etc.
Experience with Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, or other digital analytics tools a plus",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
228,"Sr.Manager, Digital Data Science Management",$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr.Manager, Digital Data Science Management
Location


Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey

Department (Org 2)


Analytics & Data Sciences- S20568

Job Requisition

24436

Apply Now


Company:
LG Electronics U.S. (LGEUS)

Job Function:
Marketing

At LG, innovation is the foundation of everything we do. We make products and services that make lives better, easier and happier through increased functionality and fun. Put simply, we make “Life Good” – from home appliances, consumer electronics, vehicle components and mobile communications to business innovations in digital signage, air conditioning, solar and LED lighting.

We are currently seeking our newest innovator to join our dynamic team as a Senior Manager, Digital Data Science Management (Head of Analytics) on the Digital Transformation (DXP) Team!

Job Summary

Responsibilities

The analytics and data Science team at LGE (dXp) is looking for a candidate to lead the Analytics practice. The head of Analytics will be responsible for setting up Key performance metrics, evaluating campaigns and generating insights related to consumer digital behavior. The position will evaluate CRM, Social, Site analytics and campaign performance under the analytics umbrella, using data from all Google marketing platforms (GA360, DV360, SA360, optimizer, CM). A key part of the Head of Analytics' responsibility will be determining data visualizations, reporting procedures and cadences utilizing dynamic and interactive dashboards. The Role will work closely with other DXP teams to define campaign goals and strategy, KPIs, and implementation and ad hoc reporting needs and cadence.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Economics, Statistics or related field

Minimum of 10 years of experience in Digital Analytics experience is required

Degree preferably in one of the following areas - statistics, data science, physics, computer science or social sciences heavy in quantitative methodologies like economics, psychology, political science, sociology (but not limiting)

Solid knowledge and experience with Google Analytics (preferred but not limiting) or Omniture

Some experience with other Google platforms desired – DV360, SA360, DCM

Understanding of MarTech ecosystem/A sound knowledge of the digital space, social media, emerging tech, voice, podcasts, and related technologies

Advanced excel skills and Data visualization in tableau or google data studio preferred.

Experience with marketing campaigns with measurable outcomes

Strong conceptual, communication (written, verbal, presentation) and collaboration skill

A willingness to invent and learn you and not afraid to put an idea into action, measure its success, and apply learnings to future decisions

Proactive, organized, efficient, detail-oriented, unassailable focus on the basics, accountable, enthusiastic, able to follow detailed instructions and make thoughtful recommendations

Ability to balance multiple, competing directions and manage multiple projects successfully

Natural ability to build interpersonal relationships and manage conflict

LG Electronics, USA Inc., LG Mobile Research USA LLC, LG Electronics, Alabama, inc., LGEVU and Zenith Electronics LLC provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law. Further, the Company takes affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and employees are treated during employment without regard to any of these characteristics

#LI-YS1",3.9,"LG Electronics U.S. (LGEUS)
3.9","Englewood Cliffs, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Electronics & Appliances Stores,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
229,Associate Data Scientist – Network Analysis and Control,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE’s Infrastructure and Networking Technical Center is looking for a motivated and passionate early career data scientist to join our Network Analytics department. As part of a collaborative team of scientists and engineers, you will have an opportunity to apply machine learning and data-centric approaches to complex networks. Our multidisciplinary team thrives on the opportunity to tackle new challenges in the public interest, looking for solutions that no one else has considered. We approach problems with an entrepreneurial mindset, a willingness to take risks, and a desire to advance the state of the art for intelligent networks, all while contributing to MITRE’s mission of Solving Problems for a Safer World.

Responsibilities include:
Develop prototypes of intelligent network capabilities in MITRE advanced labs
Work on collaborative research teams to develop innovative solutions using commercial and MITRE developed technologies
Conduct performance assessments of current and emerging technologies
Execute data science research beginning at data wrangling and cleaning all the way through to reporting and visualization
Scale solutions to work across large enterprises and large data sets
Analyze data from network sensor systems and integrate additional data sources for improved outcomes
Communicate technical approach and findings to internal and external stakeholders
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in related fields outlined below, or equivalent knowledge and skills.
Computer Science
Software Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Mathematics
Information Systems, Information Technology, SW Engineering
Operations Research
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
Required Qualifications:
A passion for technology and a desire to learn
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems
Knowledge of various machine learning paradigms (deep learning, reinforcement learning, neural networks, etc.) with an understanding of mathematical underpinnings of various models
Hands-on software development skills in a modern programming language (e.g. Python, R, Scala, Java)
Working knowledge of data science workflow from data acquisition to reporting findings
Strong understanding of streaming and batch data workflows, including message queues, processing directed acyclic graphs (DAGs) and data stores
Obtain and maintain a Secret level security clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar field
Experience working with Big Data tools (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Kafka)
Experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j, Elasticsearch)
Familiarity with cloud-based environments like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure
Experience conducting original research using data science techniques, including machine learning, statistical modeling, and data visualization
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations leveraging a modern programming language
Familiarity with basic networking and security concepts/capabilities such as TCP/IP stack, routing, and firewalls
Exposure to network programmability concepts such as software define networking and programmable data planes
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
230,Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"The emerging next-generation pharmaceutical supply chain is characterized by the orchestration of collaborating, networked stakeholders working to the common goal of delivering pharmaceutical products to patients on-time and in-full. TraceLink is leading that transformation by leveraging the benefits of big data and cloud technologies realized through advanced algorithms, data science, and analytics. We are extending our core data science team that is responsible for delivering innovative data science solutions to our customers. The ideal candidate is an experienced data science innovator capable of methodically producing performant solutions subject to business constraints. Experience that extends back into data engineering and data collection and forward into product realization within a cloud environment is highly desirable.

Collaboratively identify data science opportunities that support business and product goals
Propose, develop, evaluate, and perfect specific data science solutions
Modify solutions to address application constraints
Integrate modified solutions into cloud-based product offerings
Communicate results and ideas to business leaders

Skills and Qualifications Wish List
Analytical, data-driven, inquisitive mindset with a bias toward precision
Superb written and oral technical communication skills
Learn quickly especially within computer technologies and mathematical concepts
Proficiency in mathematics, statistical analysis, and software development
Proficiency in data science environments, tools, and technologies
Broad knowledge of data science techniques
Ability to distinguish applicability of alternatives
Understanding of the relative performance of competing techniques
Develop, evaluate, perfect, and implement data science solutions
Clean, enhance, profile, and mine structured and unstructured data
Identify and integrate data repositories from internal and external sources
Optimize and test estimators
Perform experimental analysis and validate results
Communicate trustworthy and objective results
Implement analytical models into production by collaborating with software developers and machine learning engineers.
Valuable Additional Skills and Experience
Formal training in data science or related disciplines such as mathematics, engineering, or computer science
Experience with big data cloud technologies especially Amazon offerings
Experience with software engineering tools and processes (agile software development)
Proficiency with MSOffice and Google G Suite tools
Experience with Java, Scala, javascript, SQL, Python, R, XML, yaml, JSON, shell scripting
Proficiency with applied mathematics such as probability and statistics, stochastic systems, queueing theory, optimization, control theory, and adaptive systems.",3.9,"TraceLink, Inc.
3.9","North Reading, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
231,Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist Opportunity in Chicago, IL!
W-2 Contract-to-Hire/Temp-to-Perm Position
$55/hour MAX
ACTIVE SECRET CLEARANCE REQUIRED

USPRO has partnered with our client in their search for a Data Scientist with an active secret clearance. This position will be remote to start, but will eventually transition to an office position in Chicago.

Overview:
Leverage your “science first” mentality, curiosity, deep technical expertise, and problem-solving skills to explore, discover, and predict patterns and insights within complex data sets.
This includes enabling government to capitalize on the value proposition of advanced analytics, and the derivation of clear narratives that help our clients understand their data and how those insights address their research questions.
Responsibilities:
Use analytical and statistical tools to evaluate data and aid in decision making.
Manipulate / create social media analytics and data to strengthen marketing campaign effectiveness
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Work with clients to prioritize research and modeling initiatives
Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Support the development of a mature analytics function informed by industry best practices
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented, and collaborative environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting

Qualifications:
Degree (Master’s required) in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, computer science, economics, or other related business or technical discipline is required
Extensive experience in social media analytics and marketing campaign effectiveness.
Experience in Salesforce, Sprinklr, and Adobe Analytics - marketing analytics background
Experience working with tools, including object-oriented programming (Python, Java), computational analysis tools (R, MATLAB), and associated data science libraries (scikit-learn)
Significant experience in the AI/ML lifecycle, from ideation and solution concept development, to rapid prototyping and validation in operational environments, and importantly, in the sustainment of AI/ML solutions for CI/CD.
Significant experience and knowledge of best practices in the practical application and execution of AI/ML in operational environments.
Ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions, and translate customer qualitative requirements into quantitative and technical approaches
Experience creating meaningful data visualizations and interactive dashboards using platforms such as Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, RShiny, plotly, and d3.js to communicate findings and relate them back to how your insights create business impact
Working knowledge of databases and SQL; preferred qualifications include linking analytic and data visualization products to database connections
At least 5+ years of experience in the field
DoD Secret clearance required
Superior communication skills, both oral and written
Preferred experience in the following areas:
DoD experience is preferred, in particular with human capital data and workforce analytics.
Data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics
Knowledge of AI/ML SaaS platforms (e.g., DataRobot, H2O DriverlessAI)
Unstructured text and natural language processingo Computational tools such as R, Python, SAS, SQL, and MATLABo Anaconda, IBM Blue, and Oracle Big Data to analyze large data sets and develop automated analytics in making sense of data affecting DoD operations
Developing machine learning, data mining, statistical network, natural language processing, text analytics, and graph-based algorithms to analyze massive data setso Supervising algorithm implementation in on-premise and cloud-based computing environments
Developing software to generate reports and visualizations that summarize data sets and provide data-driven insights
Developing and implementing statistical, machine learning, and heuristic techniques to create descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics as well as to develop statistical tests to make data-driven recommendations and decisions",4.1,"USPRO
4.1","Chicago, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
232,Claims Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary
As a Claims Data Scientist at ConcertAI, you will be responsible for data exploration, and analysis on patient data for various stakeholders in the oncology and healthcare domain, including claims and claims-clinical linked data assets. You will report to the Vice President of Data Products. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, visualization, stats/math, and ML skills (with a particular strength in at least 2 of those areas), and ideally, you have been applying those skills in healthcare. You should have previous experience with healthcare claims. You will design methods and models around client driven needs and you will collaborate with various subject matter experts to inform those methods. You will assist the client delivery team with insights, dashboards, and ad-hoc analytics. You will also work with the engineering team to build prototypes and models for new product development.
Responsibilities
Understand external claims data assets and oversee the ingestion, processing, de-identification, and provisioning for data assets and research projects.
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives with defined goals and timelines.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Become the internal subject matter expert on all things claims.
Implement models using high level software packages (SKlearn, R, TensorFlow, Spark).
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Experience with healthcare claims data
Intimate familiarity with the python data science stack (pandas, sklearn, numpy/scipy).
Firm understanding of claims data processing and adjudication, including rejections, re-submissions, and identifying final claims.
Ideal candidate would have a competency around linking EMR and claims data via identity management.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
233,Staff Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data everyday and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve the American dream on our realtor.com website and mobile apps.

What will you do?

We seek a highly seasoned Staff Data Scientist to join our experienced data science team and help take it to the next level. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for the development of innovative concepts, research, predictive modeling, and machine learning algorithms. You will serve as a mentor for the junior data scientists on the team and provide guidance on their individual projects.

Responsibilities:
Develop predictive, explanatory models and machine learning algorithms.
Create automated learning systems that gracefully scale to increasing complexity and expectation.
Perform exploratory analysis on realtor.com's wealth of data including consumer web and mobile behavior and North America's most comprehensive and up-to-date listings and properties data set.
Effectively partner with product and engineering teams to build new data driven and machine learning based features for enriching the consumer experience of home shoppers, renters and sellers.
Design and build data science solutions to drive revenue growth, customer retention and support strategic decision making.
Generate descriptive visualizations and presentations to communicate insights.
Drive A/B & multivariate tests and design of experiments to facilitate testing of new product and design features, with focus on improving engagement, retention, and conversion.
Help improve the scope of our data sets by identifying new data collection and procurement opportunities on an ongoing basis.
Mentor a team of data scientists on data exploration, machine learning and developing data-oriented products.
Work with a sense of ownership and urgency, advocate for experimentation based, agile culture.
What will you bring?
Requirements:
PhD/MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research or related fields.
4+ years of relevant experience in data science, machine learning or applied statistics.
Experience with Machine Learning, NLP or Computer Vision and data mining tools and underlying algorithms.
Experienced in Python, R, Spark or other languages and frameworks appropriate for large scale analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Working experience with relational databases (SQL) and large scale distributed systems.
Experience with experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests.
Proven track record of developing online data products.
Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
About realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.

#LI-IH1",2.8,"realtor.com
2.8","Santa Clara, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
234,Associate Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is seeking an Associate Data Scientist to join our DHS Data Analytics Department. Responsibilities for this role will include the following:
Acquire fundamental understanding of analytical equipment and tools to include open source intelligence (OSINT) platforms
Operate analytical equipment and tools
Perform processing and analysis of collected information
Support the development and application of a technical process approach to a sponsor problem
Present results in an intuitive manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise and conduct insightful, actionable analyses
Utilize existing open source social media methodologies to apply specialized tools and capabilities in support of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) national security mission
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik
Ability to understand and map data relationships
Work with sponsors, vendors, and partner contractors to gain understanding of sponsor business challenges and evaluate possible technical solutions
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in a relevant discipline
Required Qualifications:
Ability to leverage both MITRE and team knowledge effectively
Ability to work with a variety of audiences to include sponsors, vendors, and partner contractors
Experience with databases technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL
Strong communications and interpersonal skills
Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, adapted to a variety of audiences and technical understanding
Strong interpersonal communication skills to interact with senior Government staff, technical peers, and MITRE team members
Ability to work in a dynamic fast-paced environment
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience organizing analytic results for further analysis
Ability to find patterns in data and clearly articulate the entire analysis (e.g., methodology, results, assumptions, constraints) using various suites of tools
Experience with databases technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik
Ability to assess the quality of data or tool against a set of requirements
Ability to prepare comprehensive written reports, presentations, and charts based on research, collection, and analysis of intelligence data
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
235,Senior Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"The ultimate source for official answers about a business online should be the business itself. However, when consumers ask questions on company websites, too often they are left in the dark with wrong answers. Yext (NYSE: YEXT), the Search Experience Cloud, solves this problem by organizing a business's facts so it can provide official answers to consumer questions — wherever people search. Starting with the company website, then extending across search engines and voice assistants, businesses around the world, like Taco Bell, Marriott, and Jaguar Land Rover—as well as organizations like the U.S. State Department—trust Yext to radically improve the search experience on their websites and across the entire search ecosystem.

As a Senior Data Scientist you will shape how data is collected, transformed, and leveraged to develop essential new capabilities and features for Yext's products. We manage large amounts of structured master data on behalf of some of the world's largest companies and collect transactional data through end-user-facing applications we host directly for these clients. Our mission revolves around deeply understanding user intent so we can deliver relevant and accurate answers to questions, everywhere people search.

Yext clients cover a tremendous breadth of industries. We are seeking data scientists excited to discover opportunities in data across a wide variety of business domains. You will work collaboratively with cross-team partners in software engineering, product management, and strategy. This approach will allow you to participate fully in the product development lifecycle and make pragmatic decisions about the design, training, and deployment of machine learning models driving key product features.

What You'll Do
Partner with product management and engineering teams throughout the product development lifecycle
Solve ""full stack"" Data Science problems – Implement solutions to a data science problem in a production environment, coping with all the challenges (such as data cleanliness, performance, unexpected feedback loops, and concept drift) that arise
Articulate Data Science and machine learning concepts to a variety of audiences (product managers, software engineers, executives, sales partners)
Mentor junior team members, provide technical leadership and execution guidance
Dive deep into the details when called for while demonstrating good judgement about when to simplify and prioritize
What You Have
Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g., computer science, mathematics, business analytics, statistics, applied mathematics, economics, or operations research, or similar college level education
5+ years of work experience working in a technical role
Autodidactic, Self directed – You are able to dive into a new unfamiliar problem domain and start learning about it – You are comfortable with uncertainty and project evolution
Effective communicator, a good writer, and know effective means of visually displaying quantitative information
Experience leading cross-functional agile work streams and scaling data-driven initiatives
Fluency with data analysis software and tools such as Python and SQL
Exceptional multi-tasking, project management, and leadership skills
Bonus Points
Experience with JVM languages (Java, Scala) a plus. GoLang or C++ also great!
Experience with AWS, Linux and Mac environments
Excellent ability to cope with ""glue"" problems - shell scripting, debugging python environment problems, fixing broken packages
Knowledge of Python or R, and the machine learning, data processing and visualization packages (e.g. Pandas, Numpy, scikit-learn, Matplotlib)
Knowledge of SQL and databases like MySQL, Postgres, Presto and Hive.
Knowledge of neural network packages (TensorFlow, PyTorch) and state-of-the-art transformer/NLP models and techniques (e.g. FastText, BERT, et al.)
Knowledge of statistics and good experimental practices (e.g. how to run a powerful A/B test and test for significance)
Knowledge of techniques in unsupervised machine learning and information retrieval and mining (e.g. DBSCAN, k-Means, indexes)
Yext is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, genetics, sex, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity or nonbinary or nonconformity and/or status as a trans individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, marital, parental and/or familial status, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any characteristic protected under applicable law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

#LI-JP1",4.2,"Yext
4.2","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
236,Sr Data Science Analyst,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary
The Sr. Data Science Analyst operates as an internal consultant, finding solutions to the most critical organizational challenges in a fast-paced health care environment, leading to improved patient outcomes and performance for our business partners. The challenges that are complex from a methodology or business perspective are frequently the types of projects that this role tackles.
Reponsibilities
Successfully guide Data Science projects from concept to completion as a combination of Data Science subject matter expert, project manager, and business analyst.
Perform Research and Development to generate new products and/or ways to use our data to improve patient outcomes.
Translate identified business challenges or opportunities into actionable project efforts with defined scope and goals.
Create visual concepts/mockups that foster a shared understanding of business challenges or opportunities.
Coalescing stakeholders toward reasonable project objectives that address the most pressing challenges of our business.
Collaborate and coordinate with clinical, business, IT and engineering partners in the design and development of products that address key business challenges using internal and/or external data.
Effectively communicate the practical nature of the results of various analyses to business stakeholders using illustrations and practical language.
Pilot a proposed solution to demonstrate its effectiveness and/or suggest improvements.
Create reports documenting key findings, observations, outcomes, and/or recommendations clearly.
Develop, document and maintain code in a clear and reproducible manner.
Perform other duties and responsibilities as required, assigned, or requested.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related technical field required; advanced degree preferred
5+ years of experience in analytics role
3+ years of experience with SQL; fluent in basic operators, joins, date and character functions;
3+ years of experience with R or Python, particularly with ggplot/matplotlib, statistics and analytics packages
3+ years of experience addressing practical business challenges in a Data Science/Analytics role
Professional experience as a project/program manager and/or business analyst preferred
Certifications in Data Science, Health Information Technology, Lean, Six Sigma, project management and/or business analysis a plus
Experience with RegEx, RShiny, R Markdown, Atlassian suite (Jira, Bitbucket, Concurrence), MS Excel (particularly pivot tables) and MS Access (VBA) preferred
Results-oriented mentality, capable of fluidly moving between roles and projects.
Team-first orientation, thriving in a collaborative, team-based work environment.
Self-starter mindset with desire to learn on an ongoing basis.
Problem-solver mentality – one who finds creative solutions instead of accepting obstacles as fixed.
Prioritization skills that allow one to cope well with ambiguity, changing requirements, dynamic scope, competing objectives and changes in direction
Willingness to lead the charge to change assumptions, risks and issues into reasonable project direction
Inquisitive nature and reasonable degree of comfort in asking tough questions when needed
Ability to accept and internalize coaching guidance
Willingness to adapt to approaches that meet stakeholder needs
Solid facilitator skillset – one who can align a room full of stakeholders with competing interests toward a narrow set of key objectives
Ability to tell stories through pictures and whiteboarding, often off-the-cuff
Ability to alter communication styles effectively for stakeholders varying from Specialists to C-Suite
Ability to serve as a liaison between business, clinical and IT professionals
Willingness to unearth, track and resolve the detail-level challenges that frequently derail project efforts
Conceptual understanding of Big Data methods
Ability to identify trends or correlations between factors and responses using methods such as trend analysis, regression modeling, clustering, principal components analysis and various feature engineering methods
Ability to conduct designed experiments to establish cause-effect relationships, as well as optimization experiments
Honesty, integrity, and emotional intelligence
Working knowledge of classical statistical / hypothesis testing techniques.
Experience with geospatial analytics platforms, particularly Esri, a plus
Experience with visualization tools, including Tableau, a plus
Experience with prototype development and/or UI/UX Design a plus
Experience with other programming languages and data exchange formats (Java, C#, XML, JSON) a plus
Experience with deep learning (particularly Tensorflow or other GPU-based) a plus
Experience with Natural Language Processing a plus
Experience with automated machine learning (H20, DataRobot) a plus
Experience with big data environments and methodologies (NoSQL, MongoDB, Spark, Hadoop) a plus",3.7,"naviHealth, Inc.
3.7","Brentwood, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
237,Lead HR Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

Leidos is seeking a Lead HR Data Scientist to support our HR and Talent Acquisitions teams. The ideal candidate will have strong analytical skills, knowledge of data science principles, and the ability to explain complex technical concepts to HR professionals with non-technical backgrounds. The Lead HR Data Scientist will also advise other HR Executives and Leaders on business problems and provide them with clear, actionable recommendations to address those challenges.

Primary Responsibilities include:

Deliver meaningful metrics, trends, key insights, and analytic solutions in all areas of HR support and services.
Perform quantitative and qualitative analyses answering key business questions, covering all aspects of the employee lifecycle and ROI/efficiency. Present information and insights to all layers of the organization in a concise, clear, and timely manner.
Create HR focused forecasting and machine learning models, integrating HR data with data from other business functional groups.
Analyze current and historical trends based on large data-sets for building AI algorithms, to predict future success.
Provide analysis of historical data from HR and other business functional groups for model creation and training.
Audit performance data that is being used to train AI model, testing for adverse impacts in modeling prediction.
Support AI/ ML HR focused initiatives across the Leidos enterprise.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant technical field with 8+ years of experience or a Master's degree in a relevant technical field with 5+ years of experience (additional experience, education or training will be considered)
Minimum of three (3) years of experience with HR data and workforce analytics particularly maintaining, understanding, interpreting, and forecasting data OR comparable data analysis experience
Minimum of five (5) years of performing queries, performing ETL or data wrangling actions, developing reports and visualizations, and a variety of analytic products
Experience with machine learning techniques, algorithms and AI
Experience with applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Ability to understand and analyze datasets required for machine learning and AI algorithms. Experience processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Proficiency with program languages, tools, and applications (e.g. Python, SQL, R, ArcGIS, Tableau, ggplot) for analysis and visualization of data
Exceptional ability to visually present and communicate data, analyses, and finding
Experience with Tableau, Alteryx, Power BI, and/or similar data analysis, visualization and business intelligence tools
Ability to identify, analyze, and resolve problems logically and systematically
Attention to detail and a thorough understanding of data and the organization structure, including impacts to data/metrics due to changes in organizational structure
Excellent verbal, communication, project management and analytical skills
Ability to work in a fast paced, complex organization and meet deadlines
Ability to maintain discretion and confidentiality with sensitive employee information
Ability to work independently and be part of a cross-functional team environment
Expertise in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word and PowerPoint)

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with handling unstructured data
Experience with SQL
Experience with Workday HR & ATS and Power BI
Ability to perform scripting and programming skills such as Java, C/C++ is a plus
Ability to navigate Leidos through data privacy and data governance issues

External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible

Potential for Telework:
Yes, 100%

Clearance Level Required:
None

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Reston, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
238,Senior Data Engineer,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta has an immediate need for a Senior Data Engineer to join a fast-paced program in support of a government customer with a very critical national security mission. This is a multi-year program, where the successful candidate will work on an interdisciplinary project team of more than 30 highly qualified individuals with a wide array of skills that include client (reactjs), server (spring java), QA Automation Engineers, UI/UX Designers, and DevOps engineers. The team is responsible for building a next generation Mission Information System and is performing greenfield Software Development using modern technologies via an Agile DevOps approach.

This Senior Data Engineer will play a vital role collaborating as part of this cross-functional Agile team to create and enhance data ingestion pipelines and address big data challenges. The Senior Data Engineer will work closely with the Chief Architect, systems engineers, software engineers, and data scientists on the following key tasks:
Provide Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL) experience coupled with enterprise search capabilities to solve Big Data challenges
Design and implement high-volume data ingestion and streaming pipelines using Open Source frameworks like Apache Spark, Flink, Nifi, and Kafka on AWS Cloud
Leverage strategic and analytical skills to understand and solve customer and business centric questions
Create prototypes and proofs of concept for iterative development
Learn new technologies and apply the knowledge in production systems
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the enterprise data pipelines and the data lake
Partner with various teams to define and execute data acquisition, transformation, processing and make data actionable for operational and analytics initiatives

Required Qualifications / Experience:

BS in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or a related technical field or equivalent experience with at least 8+ years in systems engineering or administration (6+ years with a MS/MIS Degree).
Must have an active Top Secret security clearance and able to obtain a TS/SCI with Polygraph.
3 years of experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, NiFi.
3 years of experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python (preferred) and/or Java.
3 years of experience with and managing data across relational SQL and NoSQL databases like MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, HDFS, Redis, and Elasticsearch.
3 years of experience working in a Linux environment.
2 years of experience working with and designing REST APIs.
Experience in designing/developing platform components like caching, messaging, event processing, automation, transformation and tooling frameworks.
Experience developing data ingest workflows with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, Kafka Streams and/or Flink.
Experience transforming data in various formats, including JSON, XML, CSV, and zipped files.
Experience with performance tuning of ETL jobs.
Experience developing flexible ontologies to fit data from multiple sources and implementing the ontology in the form of database mappings / schemas.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills necessary to work effectively with customers and other team members.

Preferred Qualifications / Experience:

Data engineering experience in the Intelligence Community or other government agencies.
Experience with Microservices architecture components, including Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience developing microservices to fit data cleansing, transformation and enrichment needs.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, S3, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Athena and/or Glue.
Experience with Jira, Confluence and extensive experience with Agile methodologies.
Knowledge about security and best practices.
Experience developing flexible data ingest and enrichment pipelines, to easily accommodate new and existing data sources.
Experience with software configuration management tools such as Git/Gitlab, Salt, Confluence, etc.
Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) pipelines and their enabling tools such as Jenkins, Nexus, etc.
Detailed oriented/self-motivated with the ability to learn and deploy new technology quickly.

Clearance Level: TS/SCI with Poly

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Reston, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
239,SQL Data Analyst,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description
Company: Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization
Job Title: SQL Data Analyst
Department: Information Technology
Reports To: CIO
FLSA Status: Exempt
Prepared Date: 1/2/2020
DISCLAIMER:
Job descriptions are not meant to be all-inclusive and/or the job itself is subject to change. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform ETL duties to move data from raw format for use by multiple departments
Apply knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Respond to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Assist other analysts to perform financial analysis of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Work with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identify, develop and implement methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Perform checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintain and apply knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educate and assist in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Collects, compiles and analyzes data to measure and report on provider and program performance.
Must abide to all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD9/ICD10/ICD11 classifications, CPT codes)
of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Minimum level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment: Advanced.
Strong skills in SQL, Microsoft Excel, or other comparable software tools.
Programming languages preferred, notably C#
Experience with ETL process management and data engineering
Strong internet research capabilities.
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus.
High attention to detail
SQL Server / SSRS / Other Analytics Software
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions.
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time.
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience:
Required: Bachelor's degree in statistics, engineering, computer science and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area
Language Skills:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills:
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools. Programming skills preferred in C# or other related languages.
Other Skills and Abilities:
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a MUST. Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands:
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.",3.6,"Palm Beach ACO, LLC
3.6","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
240,Senior Financial Data Analyst,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"We have two positions available to join the Alliance as Senior Financial Data Analysts in the Provider Payment Department. If you apply, why not refer a friend too?

WHAT YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR


Reporting to the Provider Payment Director, you will lead the process of identifying and analyzing medical cost issues and challenges in order to develop solutions and recommendations, identifies analytics and medical cost improvement opportunities, and provides proactive, strategic consultative solutions that are actionable, accessible, and auditable. You will perform the most complex analysis and project management related to areas such as medical cost and utilization and regulatory submissions. You will also provide subject matter expertise and assists with providing orientation, mentoring and training to subordinate financial data analysts.

ABOUT THE TEAM

The Provider Payment team's focus is improved medical cost and health outcomes for our members. We are truly an analytics team at heart. We are solutions based, critical thinkers with a passion for what we do. We work in a collaborative, collegial environment that promotes professional growth and success, embraces challenges, supports accountability, celebrates accomplishments and is fun.

THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL
Curiosity and drive to discover root causes and develop new processes. A critical thinker who thrives on needing to know the complete picture
Highly organized problem solver with a structured and analytical approach to work
Technically savvy, with passion and knowledge of data structures, interpretation, coding, the analytic life cycle and data warehouse systems
WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL

To read the full position description, and list of requirements click here.

Knowledge of:
Research, medical cost analysis and reporting methods
Healthcare industry specific terms and healthcare related data types and structures, including member, claims, clinical and provider data
Methods and techniques of large data set development
Quantitative data analysis methodologies and analytical tools related to reporting medical cost analysis
Data modeling techniques and business analytical and data mining tools, including SQL
Data warehouse, data mart, and dimensional data modeling technologies
Ability to:
Collect, interpret, and evaluate data and to project consequences of recommendations
Develop data-driven and outcome-based initiatives to improve business decision making
Translate data into understandable information and deliver solutions that improve business processes
Create systems to monitor data errors
Act as a technical resource, provide guidance related to area of assignment, and explain related regulations, processes, and programs
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's degree in Economics, Finance, Business, Healthcare Administration, Quantitative Analysis or a related field
A minimum of five years of financial analytics experience which included four years in a healthcare setting (a Master's degree may substitute for two years of the required experience); or an equivalent combination of education and experience may be qualifying
OTHER DETAILS

While this position is connected to our Scotts Valley office, we are in a fully remote work environment right now due to COVID-19. The interview and on-boarding process will be completed remotely.",3.5,"Central California Alliance for Health
3.5","Scotts Valley, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
241,Data Engineer,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Maxar is seeking a Data Engineer to join our team. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Data Engineers with analytic teams to create dynamic and flexible data storage solutions that can be queried in a wide variety of ways.

Life with Us

Project:
Were collecting and aggregating feature data from many different sources in order to model a spatial distribution. We use Apache NiFi and need a skilled developer to create and monitor inputs and implement streaming data enrichments for our analytic workflows.
The team is currently well-sorted with regards to geospatial tools and techniques, but to round out the team properly we need someone to help accelerate our backend development timelines.

Career:
Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.
Dedicated professional development time; conference attendance; corporate partner and industry training; peer groups; paid certifications; education reimbursement; student loan forgiveness; hackathons! And much more

Day-to-day with your colleague:
Youll be developing data pipelines and analytic enhancements. These transformations are used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:
Encouraging further analytic exploration.
Structuring data for use by multiple applications.
Enabling potential in the workforce that is otherwise stifled by imperfect technologies.
We work in very Lean Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum. Weve eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it!

Responsibilities:

Meet with the customer to understand and refine the requirements.
Use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations.
Understand the workflow of the project.
Work with the customer to implement any requested updates.
Move data storage to RDS.
Work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant.
Compile security controls and artifacts.
Contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a U.S. Citizen and have a TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.
Bachelor's degree in Geography or related field.
5 years of relevant, professional experience.
Experience automating workflows using Python Experience with SQL and/or PostgreSQL/PostGIS.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality Ability to communicate analysis to experts and laypersons alike.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS or willingness to learn.
Experience using Python with spatial data.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
242,Data Engineer,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

Are you ready to join Leidos all-star team? Through training, teamwork, and exposure to challenging technical work, let Leidos show how to accelerate your career path.

The Leidos Innovations Center has an exciting opening for you, our next Data Engineer to assist with the design, development and implementation of alternative data ingestion pipelines to augment the National Media Exploitation Center (NMEC) data services in Reston, VA. The DOMEX Data Discovery Platform (D3P) program is a next generation machine learning pipeline platform providing cutting edge data enrichment, triage, and analytics capabilities to Defense and Intelligence Community members. This engineer will collaborate as part of a cross-functional Agile team to create and enhance data ingestion pipelines and addressing Big data challenges.

You will work closely with the chief architect, systems engineers, software engineers, and data scientists on the following key tasks:

• Provide Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL) experience coupled with enterprise search capabilities to solve Big Data challenges
• Design and implement high-volume data ingestion and streaming pipelines using Open Source frameworks like Apache Spark, Flink, Nifi, and Kafka on AWS Cloud
• Leverage strategic and analytical skills to understand and solve customer and business centric questions
• Create prototypes and proofs of concept for iterative development
• Learn new technologies and apply the knowledge in production systems
• Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the enterprise data pipelines and the data lake
• Partner with various teams to define and execute data acquisition, transformation, processing and make data actionable for operational and analytics initiatives

This is you?
• BS in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or related technical field or equivalent experience with at least 8+ years in systems engineering or administration (4+ years with a MS/MIS Degree).
• Must have an active Top Secret security clearance and able to obtain a TS/SCI with Polygraph.
• 2 years of experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, NiFi
• 2 years of experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python (preferred) and/or Java
• 2 years of experience with and managing data across relational SQL and NoSQL databases like MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, HDFS, Redis, and Elasticsearch
• 2 years of experience working in a Linux environment
• Experience working with and designing REST APIs
• Experience developing data ingest workflows with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, Kafka Streams and/or Flink
• Experience transforming data in various formats, including JSON, XML, CSV, and zipped files
• Experience developing flexible ontologies to fit data from multiple sources and implementing the ontology in the form of database mappings / schemas
• Good interpersonal and communication skills necessary to work effectively with customers and other team members.

You will wow us if you have these skills:
• Data engineering experience in Intelligence Community or other government agencies
• Experience with Microservices architecture components, including Docker and Kubernetes.
• Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, S3, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Athena and/or Glue
• Experience with Jira, Confluence and extensive experience with Agile methodologies.
• Knowledge about security and best practices.
• Experience developing flexible data ingest and enrichment pipelines, to easily accommodate new and existing data sources
• Experience with software configuration management tools such as Git/Gitlab, Salt, Confluence, etc.
• Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) pipelines and their enabling tools such as Jenkins, Nexus, etc.
• Detailed oriented/self-motivated with the ability to learn and deploy new technology quickly

Additional Program Information
The DOMEX Data Discovery Platform (D3P) program will advance the state of the art in mission-focused big data analytics tools and micro-service development spanning the breadth of Agile sprints to multiyear research and development cycles. We are looking for you to have a demonstrated aptitude for problem solving complex technical issues, identifying, transforming, thinking outside the box, and a strong sense of accountability. Have a mix of technical excellence, intellectual curiosity, communications skills, customer-focus, and operational experience to improve the performance and user adoption of high-end data analytics platforms in partnership with a highly qualified, highly motivated team. Be motivated, self-driven team player who can multi-task and interact well with others and advise/consult with other team members on systems engineering and software development related issues.

LInC
D3P
External Referral Eligible

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Engineering

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Reston, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
243,Senior Biological Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Axle Informatics is a scientific research and information technology company that offers innovative computer services, informatics, and bioresearch solutions to research centers and healthcare organizations around the globe. With expertise in software engineering, bioinformatics, molecular research, and program management, we focus on developing and applying technological tools and scientific techniques to empower the world of research. We work with some of the top research organizations and facilities in the country including multiple institutes at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).

Job Description

We are looking for a Senior Biological Data Scientist to support projects at the NIH. The position will be based in Rockville, Maryland. We are looking for a skilled and motivated researcher/developer with expertise in image processing, algorithm development, and deep learning. The successful applicant will be involved with developing computational analysis of images and other data acquired in collaboration with scientists, biologists, and/or clinicians across the NIH.

Computational analyses will involve combinatorial assessment of disparate data types (i.e. patient demographics, risk factors, genetic information, 2D and 3D imaging modalities, etc.) into comprehensive classification and regression models. It is desired that the scientist will construct models using a variety of approaches including traditional machine learning (i.e. logistic regression, ridge/lasso regression, random forests, support vector machines, etc.), graph analytics, and deep learning. The scientist should also be familiar with development and optimization for CUDA and/or OpenCL workflows and applications. With an emphasis on developing algorithms that are optimized for hyperthreading and CUDA/OpenCL programming.

The scientist will participate in experimental design, data collection, data analysis and manuscript preparation; assist intramural staff, including students and postdoctoral fellows; stay current with scientific literature; stay informed about new approaches and technologies, including participation in conferences, workshops, and/or formal classroom instruction; independently locate and utilize scientific resources; and co-author peer reviewed publications.

Responsibilities:
Lead scientific-related needs assessment, as well as facilitate the design, building and implementation of IT systems.
Collaborate with biologists, clinicians and core facility members to understand their experimental and technical goals and suggest statistical and IT solutions to better achieve these goals.
Create generalizable code bases for abstracted analysis outside of a single client’s project such that analysis and technical tools developed for one project can be easily adapted for a different but similar problem.
Ability to analyze existing solutions in Python, Matlab, R, and Java (visual basic a plus) and adapt these solutions to a containerized plugin architecture for incorporation into a central tool repository.
Strong interest in contributing to biological and clinical research
Understanding client needs and analyzing, validating and documenting the analysis and system requirements to best address the clients’ need.
Analyze as-is process, develop to-be process, and identify gaps which must be addressed to reach the desired end state.
Act as an expert technical and scientific resource for software development staff in all phases of the development and implementation process
Assess diverse datasets (focused on images but including other data types outlined above) for correlative, clustering, predictive, etc. outcomes.
Qualifications:

The ideal candidate will have:
A PhD degree or equivalent in bioengineering, chemical engineering, computer science, statistics, life sciences, or related fields. Or 6+ years experience in biomedical image analysis.
Published and/or significant publicly available code using one or all the following languages: Python, C++, and/or Java.
Experience in image analysis (registration, segmentation, and/or tracking) in biomedical imaging modalities preferred, though any image set will be considered.
Experience with molecular biology laboratory techniques and informatics methods is preferred though any laboratory experience will be considered.
Experience with large data sets ( >1 TB) and deep learning will be given priority.
Experience implementing systems and supporting non-technical scientific staff
A high level of attention to detail
A strong work ethic, and the ability to design projects within diverse research areas and datasets.
Excellent oral and written communication skills in English, and record keeping skills.
The diversity of Axle’s employees is a tremendous asset. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination based on age, race, gender, religion, national origin, disability, marital status, covered veteran status, sexual orientation, status with respect to public assistance, and other characteristics protected under state, federal, or local law and to deter those who aid, abet, or induce discrimination or coerce others to discriminate.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $52.00 - $63.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Location:
North Bethesda, MD 20852 (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.9,"Axle Informatics
3.9","North Bethesda, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
244,Transportation Data Analyst III,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Opportunity
The Transportation Data Analyst III is responsible to develop and maintain data analytics to measure and drive outstanding service and financial performance of the transportation and customs compliance network, across the United States, Mexico and Canada. Ability to work in a fast pace environment; partnering with management and team members to develop dynamic analytics within transportation and customs compliance that will guide continuous business improvement decisions to optimize service and financial performance.
Responsibilities
Engage with leadership and team members within transportation, customs compliance, and cross functionally, to create data analytics around key performance and financial metrics to identify data driven business decisions.
Create, develop and manage analytics using Excel, SQL and Tableau.
Analyze, model, mine, and interpret data generate new ideas through a deep understanding of the data, supply chain, customers and business.
Manage large databases that include data from various sources.
Translate data into actionable insights.
Manage report data quality, stability, scalability and trustworthiness over time.
Conduct exploratory analysis for improvement opportunities in business areas not actively monitored by stakeholders.
Present business insights, data, and KPI’s to team members and leadership.
Oversee the process to pay carriers weekly, and perform month end reporting.
Develop and implement SOP’s to effectively manage data and reporting.
Candidate Profile


Bachelor’s degree in Supply Chain/ Logistics / Business Analytics with 3+yrs years’ experience in supply chain, logistics and/or transportation / customs compliance.
Excellent oral and written communications skills with the ability to communicate professionally and effectively at multiple levels both inside and outside of the organization.
Highly proficient with Tableau, SQL, and Microsoft Office applications, including Excel, Word, Power Point and Outlook.
Strong track record of performing high impact business analysis and building useful data tools with tangible business results.
Strong storytelling – interpreting insights into a concise and compelling story others can embrace.
Possess a thorough understanding of transportation finance, operations, internal systems and network functions.
Complete tasks and projects in an accurate, timely, and efficient manner.
Ability to thrive in a fast paced, and collaborative environment with a diverse group of individuals.
Bilingual – English/Spanish preferred.
Perform other duties as assigned by Driscoll’s management.
Driscoll's",4.2,"Driscoll's
4.2","Watsonville, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1900,Company - Private,Food Production,Agriculture & Forestry,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
245,Principal Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Principal Data Scientist will be a data science subject matter expert and provide team leadership in their area of responsibility. The Technical Team Lead will lead selected projects or activities, as required, and will collaborate with other disciplines and teams.

Qualifications:
• MSc/PhD degree in in a quantitative field (such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering) or BSc in a related discipline and 7 years of industry experience
• 5+ years of professional experience in data science, computer vision or related fields
• 3+ years of professional experience leading data science or related discipline teams
• Subject matter expert in the areas of Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence
• Advanced quantitative and analytical skills around applied research, mathematical modelling, and statistical modeling
• Practical software development skills in one or more programming languages, such as Python, Scala/Java, C++, etc.
• Fluency with one or more machine learning frameworks (such as TensorFlow, Pytorch, Caffe)
• Experience leading and mentoring senior, mid-level, and junior data scientists
• A passion for AI/ML, overcoming difficult challenges, and accomplishing great things
Bonus:
• Proven experience developing and evolving novel/new DNN architectures
• Strong publication background (Company will support publication work)",4.5,"Infinite Resource Solutions
4.5",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
246,Data Scientist,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Faegre Drinker has an opportunity for a Data Scientist to work with our Innovation team in our Washington DC office. You will be responsible for using advanced statistical, algorithmic, machine learning, data mining and visualization techniques to help advance and complete high level firm projects and assist with making informed business decisions. This position will work with other talented individuals who share a passion for doing great work in the best interest of our clients.

What you would do in this job:
• Work with firm stakeholders to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions
• Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
• Create operational predictive models using current and emerging methodologies in data science
• Use machine learning and data mining techniques to understand the patterns in large volumes of data, identify relationships, detect data anomalies and classify data sets
• Assess data quality and define data processing business rules for cleansing, aggregation, enhancement, supporting analysis and predictive modelling activities
• Design and build algorithms and predictive models using a variety of techniques
• Deploy predictive models and integrate findings into business processes
• Present complex analysis results tailored to different audiences in a highly consumable and actionable form, including by using data storytelling techniques
• Special projects and duties, as assigned

Position Expectations

• Strong commitment to client service
• Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills, including the ability to communicate effectively in a virtual environment
• Cooperation and the ability to collaborate in a team, including across offices, while also being able to work independently
• Ability to problem solve and use sound judgment and discretion in dealing with highly confidential information
• Ability to build and maintain positive relationships, both internally and externally
• Strong sense of urgency and professional dedication
• Ability to prioritize projects in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
• Positive and professional demeanor

Company Benefits

• Paid time for firm-sponsored volunteer events
• Business casual attire
• Professional environment and the opportunity to work with experts at the top of their fields
• Variety of health plan options, as well as dental and vision plans
• Generous paid time off
• Opportunity to work remotely

Requirements

• Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative discipline
• 5+ years of direct analytics experience
• Proficient understanding and usage of relational SQL (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL) databases and data structures
• Proficiency with programming languages such as Python
• Experience using visualization tools
• Ability to interact directly with non-technical client stakeholders and act in a business-to-technical translation role

Company Description

Faegre Drinker is a top 50 firm designed for clients. With more than 1,300 experienced attorneys, consultants and professionals in 22 locations across the United States, United Kingdom and China, we partner with clients ranging from emerging startups to multinational corporations, delivering comprehensive and customized advice to advance their most ambitious business objectives. Our culture is firmly rooted in relentless client focus and mutual trust that empowers collaboration. We are committed to our communities and to building a diverse and inclusive firm that reflects those communities and our clients. Bolstered by our collective history, Faegre Drinker moves boldly into the future, investing in the talent, technology and innovation to continually provide clients with exceptional service, collaborative experiences, innovative approaches and value.

Department/Practice Group

Innovation

Exempt / Non-Exempt

Exempt

Full-Time / Part-Time

Full-Time

Number of Openings

1",3.4,"Faegre Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP
3.4","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Private Practice / Firm,Legal,Accounting & Legal,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
247,SAP Data Analyst,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION PURPOSE:

The Data Analyst will be part of the OWI Analytic team, working closely with our business partners, proactively developing and delivering analytic solutions. The primary deliverables include creating data visualization such as Dashboards, Charts, Histograms and Projective Analysis. This will be accomplished by utilizing OWI data architecture, data workflows from local data sources.

OWI is a fast-paced and dynamic organization. Individuals will be handling multiple activities in a team as well as individual contributor environment.

DUTIES, TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Experience and expertise creating visualizations that provide business insights for our global customers. Examples: Pie Charts, Dashboards, Cash-flow projections with Histograms– Projections analysis– Financial Analysis – KPI’s Service level Agreements
Expertise in SQL, independently mine data to translate Business data needs into creative visualizations.
Performance tuning specific to Tableau data sets– requires in depth understanding of data.
Assist the Enterprise Data Warehouse team create, design data models that will be published to our Tableau environment.
Assess data quality, design data quality management procedures, clean and correct data quality defects, establish data governance.
Experienced utilizing HANA studio including calculations and analytical views, data base schemas, creating attribute user/role creation.
Assist setting up security, Analytic privileges, user integration services, SQL script, SLT, SDA, SDI and HANA Live solution models.
Demonstrate critical thinking, analytical skills, and employ judgment to offer thoughtful, concise input toward resolutions of problems.
Assist team building the BW4HANA modeler including standard and custom development and deployment of EWD design building BW objects e.g. Composite Providers, Advanced DSO’s, ODS Views, Data Sources, Data Loading using SLT.
Requires the skill set to work with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams and data analysts/scientists to develop data visualizations that provide business insights
Finance/Operations/Sales/Marketing/IT functional leads PTP/PTM/RTR etc.
Projects management capabilities - include requirements gathering, design, deployment, and change request, future enhancements management
Capabilities to build/design prototypes to demo to stakeholders - peer groups, Business partners, and senior leaders.
Training and support peers and stakeholders e.g. Subject Matter Expert (SME) throughout the report creations and support - troubleshooting, analysis of results.
Leadership skills needed to successfully promote ideas, coordinate work activities, and plan deliverables within a project team.


SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES:


Advanced expert database handling languages (SQL and variants)
Experience with data analytics, diagrams, data dictionary, data mapping, normalize de-normalize, agile data modeling
Practical skill sets in BI and Data visualization tools
Working knowledge of ETL
Working knowledge of SAP
Basic Project Management and Business Process modeling
Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering Technology, Computer Science, or closely related field.
A minimum of 3 years’ experience in Tableau, SAP Data Governance, SAP Data Services (Data Extract, Data Profiling, de-duplication)
Advanced competency in Tableau and Alteryx
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a strong focus on the ability to clearly articulate and discuss technical issues with both technical and business personnel.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Math or a related IT field or equivalent work experience in an IT field required
Strong analytical skills, able to effectively solve problems in a timely manner",3.1,"Old World Industries
3.1","Northbrook, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
248,Machine Learning Engineer - Recommendations Platform,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

null
Job Description

Who We Are:
Recos Platform team builds recommendations platforms such as candidate generation and feature generation engines for product teams. The unrivaled challenges that we face at Twitter are both the data scale and the real-time nature of the product. How do you find the most meaningful content among hundreds of millions of new tweets for hundreds of millions of users every day at Twitter? We build large scale personalized recommendation engines utilizing different kinds of signals such as social network, user activity, and geolocation. Most of our work is about recommendation systems, machine learning, graph algorithms, distributed systems, and social graph analysis.
What You'll Do:
Apply your engineering skills to either improve existing recommendation systems, unlock new directions or provide entirely new ML solutions in recommendation systems within Twitter. You will work closely with live production systems and product teams, and deliver ML solutions at scale within the Twitter tech stack.

Qualifications

Who you are:
A machine learning software engineer with a passion for working on exciting algorithmic and deep infrastructure issues in ML environments.
Thrive on working in concert with other smart people, including from distributed offices.
Communicate fluidly, at the level of your audience, and seek to understand and be understood.
Have the ability to take on complex problems, learn quickly, iterate, and persist towards a good solution.
Take pride in polishing and supporting our products.
Work hand-in-hand with modeling engineers and data scientists, and your passion is to enable them with better infrastructure.
Requirements:
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science with 3-5 years experience or equivalent experience.
Fluent in one or more languages like Java, Scala, C++, Python
Experience with Hadoop, Pig or other MapReduce-based architectures
Knowledgeable of core CS concepts such as common data structures and algorithms
Comfortable conducting design and code reviews


Additional Information

We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.
San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.",4.0,"Twitter
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
249,"Senior Data Analyst, Project Controls",$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Under the direction of the Senior Manager of Project Controls, the Senior Data Analyst will develop reporting, analyze, evaluate and forecast project controls data. The analyst will also collaborate across San Manuel Band of Mission Indians (SMBMI) & San Manuel Casino (SMC) business operations to gather requirements for report development and/or in depth analysis. Will share activities with project controls team and grow the Project Controls department analytics/BI and process initiatives. The Senior Data Analyst will be required to use independent judgment, provide report and recommendations to Project Controls leadership team.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities

1. Responsible for project financial planning and forecasting, report development and automation with visualizations software.

2. Develop automated reporting and adhoc reporting for Project Controls team and leadership as needed (SAS Enterprise Guide).

3. Meets with Project Controls team as necessary to provide information and address departmental issues, such as system interruptions or critical data integrity issues.

4. Define and gather information from Financial system of record as needed to enhance the Project Controls Data Structures.

5. Perform duties such as: validating, financial capital planning, cash flow analytics, break even analysis, creating KPIs, and tracking methodologies.

6. Provide guidance and lead information gathering sessions with Project Managers in adherence to approved project controls policy and procedures.

7. Work closely with Project Managers, Procurement Managers, Financial Analysts, Legal, Finance/Accounting, and Data Services to ensure timely approvals.

8. Perform other duties as assigned to support the efficient operation of the department.

Education/Experience/Qualifications
Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, auditing, or related field required.
Minimum of five (5) years of analytical experience is required.
Demonstrated experience working with relational databases and enterprise reporting tools required.
Experience with software programs Tableau and Lawson is preferred.
Equivalent combination of education and progressive, relevant and direct experience may be considered in lieu of minimum educational/experience requirements indicated above.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Access is required.
Employee must have experience demonstrating the utmost discretion and confidentiality.
Certificates/Licenses/Registrations
At the discretion of the San Manuel Tribal Gaming Commission you may be required to obtain and maintain a gaming license.
A qualified candidate/employee must have a valid drivers license with an acceptable driving record as determined by the companys insurance carrier.
San Manuel Band of Mission Indians and San Manuel Casino will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

As one of the largest private employers in the Inland Empire, San Manuel deeply cares about the future, growth and well-being of its employees. Join our team today!",3.4,"San Manuel Band of Mission Indians
3.4","Highland, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
250,Data Engineer,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us


Interested in working for a human-centered technology company that prides itself on using modern tools and technologies? Want to be surrounded by intensely curious and innovative thinkers?

Seeking to solve complex technical challenges by building products that work for people, meet and exceed the needs of businesses, and work elegantly and efficiently?

Modeling ourselves after the 1904 World's Fair, which brought innovation to the region, 1904labs is seeking top technical talent in St. Louis to bring innovation and creativity to our clients.

Our clients consist of Fortune 500 and Global 2000 companies headquartered here in St. Louis. We partner with them on complex projects that range from reimagining and refactoring their existing applications, to helping to envision and build new applications or data streams to operationalize their existing data. Working in a team-based labs model, using our own flavor of #HCDAgile, we strive to work at the cutting edge of technology's capabilities while solving problems for our clients and their users.

The Role


As a Data Engineer you would be responsible for developing and deploying cutting edge distributed data solutions. Our engineers have a passion for open source technologies, strive to build cloud first applications, and are motivated by our desire to transform businesses into data driven enterprises. This team will focus on working with platforms such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Kafka, Elasticsearch, SQL and NoSQL/Graph databases as well as cloud-based data services.

Our teams at 1904labs are Agile, and we work in a highly collaborative environment. You would be a productive member of a fast paced group and have an opportunity to solve some very complex data problems.

Requirements


3+ years of progressive experience as a Data Engineer, BI Developer, Application Developer or related occupation.
Agile: Experience working in an agile team oriented environment
Attitude / Aptitude: A passion for everything data with a desire to be at the cutting edge of technology and consistently deliver working software while always keeping an eye on opportunities for innovation.
Technical Skills (You have experience with 2 or more of these bulletpoints):
Programming in Java (Or similar JVM language such as Scala, Groovy, etc) and/or Python
Architecting and integrating big data pipelines
Working with large data volumes; this includes processing, transforming and transporting large scale data using technologies such as: MR/TEZ, Hive SQL, Spark, etc.
Have a strong background in SQL / Data Warehousing (dimensional modeling)
Have a strong background working with and/or implementing architecture for RDBMS such as: Oracle, MySQL, Postgres and/or SQLServer.
Experience with traditional ETL tools such as SSIS, Informatica, Pentaho, Talend, etc.
Experience with NoSQL/Graph Data Modeling and are actively using Cassandra, HBase, DynamoDB, Neo4J, Titan, or DataStax Graph
Installing/configuring a distributed computing/storage platform, such as Apache Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Apache Spark, Apache Hive, and/or Presto
Working with one or more streaming platforms, such as Apache Kafka, Spark Streaming, Storm, or AWS Kinesis
Working knowledge of the Linux command line and shell scripting
Desired Skills
Analytics: Have working knowledge of analytics/reporting tools such as Tableau, Spotfire, Qlikview, etc.
Open Source: Are working with open source tools now and have a background in contributing to open source projects.
Perks
Standard Benefits Program (medical, dental, life insurance, 401(k), professional development and education assistance, PTO).
Innovation Hours - Ten percent (10%) of our work week is set aside to work on our own product ideas in a highly collaborative and supportive environment. The best part: The IP remains your own. We are a high-growth culture and we know that when we help people focus on personal and professional growth, collectively, we can achieve great things.
Dress Code - we don't have one
This job is located in St. Louis, MO. While we would prefer local candidates your current location is not the most important factor; please help us understand why you would like to call St. Louis home if you would be relocating.

]]>",4.7,"1904labs
4.7","Saint Louis, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
251,Data Analyst,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview:
Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals comprised of nationally-renowned educators, curriculum experts, developers, artists, writers, designers, engineers, producers, product managers, analysts and marketing experts! Together we develop engaging, effective digital learning technology and content to help children build a strong academic foundation for lifelong success.
Our flagship product ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy® is a comprehensive online curriculum and the #1 digital learning product for young children. To-date, more than 30 million children worldwide have completed over 7 billion Learning Activities on ABCmouse. We recently launched Adventure Academy, the first massively multiplayer online (MMO) game designed specifically to help elementary- and middle-school-aged children learn. It features thousands of engaging Learning Activities—including minigames, books, original animated and live action series, and more—in a fun and safe virtual world. Other Age of Learning programs include immersive English language learning products for children in China and Japan; ReadingIQ, a digital library and literacy platform; and a groundbreaking personalized, adaptive digital learning system that individualizes math instruction for every child through AI-driven technology.

We are committed to helping all children succeed. We provide our educational programs at no cost to teachers, Head Start programs, public libraries, and other community organizations, and have served millions of children through these initiatives. We recently established the Age of Learning Foundation to expand this work globally.
As we expand our global reach and increase the educational impact of our programs, we’re looking for passionate, ambitious, and collaborative leaders to become a part of our growing team.


Summary:
We are seeking a strong, highly-motivated, results-oriented Data Analyst to help conduct in-depth analyses and derive relevant insights. You will be an integral part of a newly-formed central analytics team and your work will influence business operations and strategy throughout the company.
Responsibilities:
Partner closely with stakeholders from a variety of teams, including the executive team, curriculum, brand marketing, partnerships, strategy and customer success, to surface insights and learnings that solve key business challenges
Create, report and interpret key metrics to assess performance, measure the impact of strategic initiatives, and identify ways to grow revenue and reduce costs
Support A/B and multivariate testing of user behavior to inform media tactics, audience acquisition and targeting, churn, lifetime value, product and content recommendations and personalized experiences
Create beautiful and informative automated/real-time dashboards and visualizations
Identify actionable insights that positively affect both company revenue and learning outcomes for children
Drive data capture and data integrity requirements while partnering with other teams so that the right data is captured
Maintain vigilant eye on data quality
Communicate results to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Required Qualifications:
At least 2 years in an analytical/product focused role, preferably from a digital environment
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field; or two to four years related experience and/or training
Must be able to understand and analyze data, synthesizing large volumes of data and complex questions into clear analyses and actionable findings.
Strong analytical reporting skills and visualization skills
Knowledge of statistic, including hypothesis testing, distributions and correlation and regression analysis
Proficient in SQL and at least one visualization tool, preferably Tableau
Collaborative problem-solving skills with an entrepreneurial attitude and results-oriented mind set
Ability to identify edge cases and solve practical problems
Hard-working, curious, motivated team-payer who is passionate about data
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with testing and optimization a plus, ideally in a digital environment
Experience in games or education a plus
We Provide:
Medical, Dental, Vision + 401k
Highly competitive PTO policy
Casual Dress Code
Snacks + Drinks (Coca Cola Freestyle Machine)
Gaming room including an Arcade (2,000+ games)
Frequent team and company outings
Limitless opportunities for professional growth!",3.2,"Age of Learning
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
252,Sr Data Engineer,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Group O is seeking a strong candidate in the job of Senior Data Engineer for a Group O partner in San Antonio, TX. In this role, you will be a valuable expert in data coding and ETL and will lead the development of data models, structures, and data wrangling.

Responsibilities
Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, pre-processing using Hive and Pig
Scope and deliver various Big Data solutions
Design solutions based on high-level architecture
Manage technical communications between clients (technical and non-technical) and internal teams
Building a cloud-based platform that allows easy development of new applications
Collaborate with developers, subject matter experts, and business users in gathering and documenting requirements for data extraction and transformation
Perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, improve ETL jobs efficiencies, correct ETL defects and respond quickly to fixes and enhancement requests
Follow design standards for ETL and ELT processes
Analyze, assess and implement changes to existing solutions in response to business changes
Perform data research and analysis to find insights
Analyze data models to identify variances and discrepancies
Design, update, and maintain data sets
Work with geographically distributed team structure in a fast paced and challenging environment; multi-task and work under pressure
Communicate results with internal and external stakeholders

Qualifications:
An ideal candidate will have experience leading data quality assessment, will be a strong problem-solver and will have excellent interpersonal and communications skills.
Over 5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc.
Strong background with ETL Design and coding for Data loading, Data cleansing, Data Validation
Proficiency in SQL, SAS, R and Python – with preference to SQL
Previous experience designing custom deliverables based on user requirements
Excellent written and verbal communication skills – must be able to communicate fluently in English both verbally and in writing
Strong analytical and statistical analysis skills to extract insights and recommendations
Strong problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners
Insurance domain experience is preferred",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
253,Lead Data Scientist – Healthcare,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE's Health Systems Analytics and Visualization Group is seeking a motivated, creative Lead Data Scientist to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to interact directly with government leaders in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis. Our team members are expected to work on multiple projects, cross-pollinate good ideas across the government and continuously learn. We are an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data- and model-driven decision making. We value people who can bring diverse perspectives. Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the government. MITRE also actively conducts independent research in areas of interest to our government partners, and once established with a proven track record of quality delivery and consistent performance, members of our department have latitude to select projects.

This is an outstanding opportunity to have substantial impact on national and international health, fostering research, improving care and public health outcomes, and lowering burden and costs.

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world healthcare problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Responsibilities include:
Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization.
Provide relevant day-to-day tasking for one or more junior staff.
Required Qualifications
Master’s Degree in science, engineering, or a health-related field, with 10+ years of relevant work experience. A Bachelor’s degree coupled with substantial experience would be acceptable
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python (scikit-learn, pandas, tensorflow), R, SAS, or MATLAB
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Demonstrated experience leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Exceptional organizational skills and meticulous attention to detail
A track record of successfully delivering on deadlines
Preferred Qualifications:
7 or more years applied experience working at a local, state, tribal, territorial, or federal
public health agency
Applied expertise working with public health data sets conducting data analyses and quality
assurance practices, and storing data efficiently
Applied expertise working with public health information systems, open data sources, and
data standards
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines)
Exceptional experience in complex analysis and strategic operational support
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Prior experience developing interactive data visualizations using open source web technologies (Angular, Vue, React, D3) or other frameworks (Shiny, Jupyter Notebooks)
Research experience.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","New Windsor, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
254,Software Engineer - Data Science,$82k-$134k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels with Data Science experience. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for assisting in solving real world problems using data science techniques. The candidate should be experienced with exploratory data analysis, machine learning, network graph modeling, information insight, data mining, data driven analytics and statistical methods.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop and deploy software solutions
Self-motivated and have a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Working directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems
Creating and deploying predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods
Performing enterprise level software development, integration, and implementation using advanced data science or big data technologies
Establishing and implementing end-to-end proof of concepts
Performing data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling and simulation, and forecasting for the development of solutions
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams using documentation, presentations, and demonstrations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design and development of data science software applications
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Experience with Exploratory Data Analysis including wrangling, grooming, transformation, and analysis
Experience applying statistical methods to solve data problems
Software development programming experience in languages such as Python, R, Java, Scala
Experience using IDE tools such as Jupyter to develop and demonstrate results
Experience with integrating and using Data Science libraries such as scikit-learn, MlLib, Pandas, python (Jupyter, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.), R, Java
Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Experience with Agile development and Agile tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence)
Experience within the SIGINT mission environment and an understanding of customer data formats
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Experience using large-scale distributed frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Tensorflow
Experience with GPU-based machine learning techniques


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
255,Senior Data Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr. Data Scientist *
The Sr. Data Scientist will be responsible for the analysis of surface ECG and intracardiac EGM signals to develop new algorithm modules. Additionally, incumbent will develop advanced signal processing algorithms for Bioelectronic Medicine products to classify nerve activity. He/she will work closely with software engineering, scientific, clinical and marketing departments on the integration of modules and support VOC activities. The Sr. Data Scientist will lead the effort in organizing and characterizing large datasets applying machine learning and AI approaches, and work with external groups on the delivery of new product innovation. New algorithm modules are to enhance the efficiency, safety and efficacy of cardiac ablation procedures and improve patient outcomes reducing the need for further procedures.
Responsibilities include: *
Applies knowledge of biomedical signal processing to surface ECG, intracardiac and ENG/EMG signals to develop algorithms for product integration
Conduct applied research on supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms to develop new approaches to analyzing ECG and EGM signals both in real-time and retrospectively
Develop digital filtering routines to enhance cardiac signals and remove noise and artifact generated from various sources of interference
Collaborate with Electrophysiologists, researchers, scientists, cathlab staff to identify workflow problems and solutions
Collaborate with Scientific, Clinical and Marketing departments to define user needs and product requirements
Collaborate with Software Engineers in defining product design specifications
Keep abreast of pertinent machine learning research of intracardiac data by studying published work and attending conferences.
Manage research timelines and work with PMO and Marketing to prioritize key feature development
Stay up to date on the latest research in Cardiac Mapping and Bioelectronic Medicine
Keep abreast of the latest research and techniques to identifying cardiac arrythmias
Conference abstract and scientific manuscript preparation
Foster a culture teamwork in a matrixed environment
Necessary Skills: *
Biomedical signal analysis, e.g. EGM, ECG, EMG, EEG, ENG
Advanced biomedical signal processing skills
Experience with machine learning, AI and big data analysis
Outstanding MATLAB proficiency
Knowledge of physiology
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Good presentation skills
Desired Qualifications: *
Degree in Biomedical, Electrical Engineering Computer engineering, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on biomedical signal processing and machine learning. M.S. or PhD strongly preferred
Postdoctoral experience a plus
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $150,000.00 - $200,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Signing bonus
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Engtal
5.0","Santa Monica, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
256,Claims Data Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary
As a Claims Data Scientist at ConcertAI, you will be responsible for data exploration, and analysis on patient data for various stakeholders in the oncology and healthcare domain, including claims and claims-clinical linked data assets. You will report to the Vice President of Data Products. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, visualization, stats/math, and ML skills (with a particular strength in at least 2 of those areas), and ideally, you have been applying those skills in healthcare. You should have previous experience with healthcare claims. You will design methods and models around client driven needs and you will collaborate with various subject matter experts to inform those methods. You will assist the client delivery team with insights, dashboards, and ad-hoc analytics. You will also work with the engineering team to build prototypes and models for new product development.
Responsibilities
Understand external claims data assets and oversee the ingestion, processing, de-identification, and provisioning for data assets and research projects.
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives with defined goals and timelines.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Become the internal subject matter expert on all things claims.
Implement models using high level software packages (SKlearn, R, TensorFlow, Spark).
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Experience with healthcare claims data
Intimate familiarity with the python data science stack (pandas, sklearn, numpy/scipy).
Firm understanding of claims data processing and adjudication, including rejections, re-submissions, and identifying final claims.
Ideal candidate would have a competency around linking EMR and claims data via identity management.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
257,Insight & Analytics Data Analyst,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Insight & Analytics Data Analyst will support our Sr. Analysts and Directors who are managing clients and project work. The position entails measuring business objectives against client KPIs and requires strong technical skills with data analysis and visualization, as well as the ability to craft key insights and findings and present work when required. The Data Analyst will also play a role in various research projects that require an understanding of earned media analysis, and social and web analytics, with a tool-agnostic approach. Multi-tasking and working on several projects at once will be part of the job experience.

Job Functions:
Develops strategy insights that are compelling, actionable, and statistically rigorous, identifying trends and anomalies, and triangulating data gaps
Understanding of project management elements and what role they play, meet deadlines and apply critical thinking to ask questions and help problem solve when needed.
Data visualization expertise and the ability to translate data from multiple data sources into a compelling story.
Has a collaborative mindset, is willing to work with others and take direction.
Applies sophisticated analysis to datasets to discern and identify patterns and recommend relatable actions.
Ability to multi-task and manage competing priorities in a time-sensitive environment.
Ability to ask the right questions to understand business problems and identify measurement or research objectives.
Other duties as assigned.

Minimum/Preferred Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Data Science) or marking/communications (Strategic Communications, Marketing Communications, Market Research), or the equivalent combination of education and experience
2-3 years of data analysis, data visualization, and/or market research experience is required.
Proficient with Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Power BI
Has passion and ability to learn new technologies, tools and platforms. Experience with social analytics platforms such as Talkwalker, Audiense, Netbase, Sprinklr or similar platforms is a plus.
Additional Requirements:
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate actively and work in a team environment.
Solid organizational and project management skills.
Self-motivated and able to adapt quickly to changing priorities and tight deadlines.
Strong presentation and consulting skills along with the ability to read, write and speak English
Experience working remotely or with colleagues in multiple locations
Must be able to work more than 40 hours per week on occasion
Travel: may on occasion need to travel, up to 10%

Equal Opportunity: WE provides equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against an employee or applicant because of age, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or other legally protected class status.
Diversity and Inclusion: WE values a diverse and inclusive workforce and is committed to creating a workplace where everyone thrives. We promote an atmosphere in which diversity of people and ideas are welcomed and valued. Diversity includes differences in race, religion, gender, age, lifestyle, ethnic background and sexual orientation as well as differences in experiences and ideas.
*LI-TQ1
WAG123",3.6,"WE Communications
3.6","Portland, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
258,Data Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why Should You Join First Advantage?

First Advantage is in the midst of a technology revolution, and the best time to join us is right now! We are developing incredible solutions, working with amazing customers, and we would love to see how your skills could help get people back to work. Our brand new Data team is recruiting several passionate people in greater metropolitan areas across the Central and Eastern time zones (namely Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Austin, Boston, Houston, Columbus, Tampa, etc) in the US! This opportunity is for remote work, with occasional travel to our Atlanta office.

First Advantage has over 4000 employees across the world and does over 71 million background screens a year, so if you’re looking for opportunities working with advanced technologies to produce awesome user experiences and securely process high-volume transactions leveraging massive amounts of data, then this is the place for you!

We work with Fortune 100 and Global 500 hundred companies, so your work will directly impact some of the largest enterprises in the world!

We need talent that is Informed, Insightful, Transformational, and Progressive

We’re looking for a Data Scientist! You’re our ideal candidate if you have 8+ years of experience and strong expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL, and 3+ years of experience working with data modelling tools like Python, RStudio, TensorFlow, etc. The Data Scientist will be working with business and technical teams to develop machine-learning models for FADV’s background screening products. We’re looking for someone who can do the deeply analytical work, while also presenting their work to internal and external customers. If you meet those requirements, and have experience working with Business Intelligence tools, you could be a perfect fit!

Our brand new Data team have the opportunity to build a game-changing solution from the ground up, and that solution will drive the next generation of background screening. Joining our team right now is an incredible opportunity to be on the ground floor of our technology transformation, and will give you a chance to make a real difference!

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor degree in Engineering or equivalent is required
Minimum of 8 years of strong experience and expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL
Minimum of 3+ years of experience working with Data Modelling tools using Pyton, RStudio, TensorFlow etc
Strong data analytics and data science skills
Experience with Analytical programming languages using R/Python libraries
Strong experience in Relational Databases and Big Data analytics in the cloud is preferred
Knowledge of other BI tools like Qlik, Oracle Business Intelligence, SQL Server Reporting, Cognos would be a plus
Candidate must have Strong communication skills and creative skills
Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical field or equivalent relevant work experience
Experience:
Minimum of 8 years of strong experience and expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL , Perl, Shell scripting
Minimum of 5+ years of experience working with data modelling & database designs
Other Knowledge, Skills, Abilities or Certifications:
Strong data analytics and data science skills
Strong experience with end to end automation
Experience with bulk data loading & data cleansing
Experience working with Oracle, MySQL databases and Linux environments
Experience with Analytical programming languages using R/Python libraries would be a plus
Strong experience in Relations Database and Big Data analytics preferred
Candidate must have Strong communication skills and creative skills",3.5,"First Advantage Corporation
3.5",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
259,Senior Data Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

ENERGY FOR WHATS AHEAD

Are you looking to make a difference in your career? Were working on smarter grids, cleaner energy and tools to help people manage energy more efficiently.

About Transmission and Distribution

Southern California Edisons (SCE's) Transmission and Distribution Organizational Unit (T & D) is responsible for planning, engineering, constructing, operating, and maintaining transmission and distribution facilities throughout the 50,000-square-mile territory. T&D is the steward of roughly $19 billion in assets that safely and reliably deliver electricity to 14 million residents via SCEs 5 million customer accounts.

Position Overview

The Senior Data Scientist Advisor is responsible for leading the modeling of complex analytical problems, discovering insights, and identifying opportunities using statistical, algorithmic, mining, and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytical skills, the senior advisor will be responsible for developing business requirements and coordinating with groups in and outside of the Transmission and Distribution group. You will be responsible for developing, presenting, and communicating results. You will also be responsible for leading and mentoring other Data Scientists.

Typical Responsibilities:
Lead data scientists on developing models that meet or exceed business requirements.
Generate advanced analytical approaches using predictive modeling, optimization and simulation abilities.
Apply statistical and pattern recognition techniques to perform description, prediction, and optimization.
Develop and implement tools for data acquisition, extraction, transformation, management, and manipulation of large and complex data sets. Explore, model, mine, and experiment with data to answer critical business issues. And, generate and communicate business insights.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelors in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics.
Five or more years of experience in Predictive Modeling or Machine Learning or Statistical Modeling or Data Mining.
Proficient with R and Python.
Desired Qualifications
MS or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics.
Experience in leading and mentoring junior team members and guiding them on data science and advanced analytics (machine learning, predictive analytics) development.
In-depth industry/business knowledge in Electric Utility industry.
Proficiency with SQL and/or SAS.
Strong Leadership skills and experience.
Comments
Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work directly as employees for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.
Relocation may apply to this position.
Southern California Edison, an Edison International (NYSE:EIX) company, serves a population of approximately 15 million via 5 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service area within Central, Coastal and Southern California. Join the utility leader that is safely delivering reliable, affordable electricity to our customers for over 125 years.

SCE is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status.

#L1-EA1",4.0,"Southern California Edison
4.0","Pomona, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1879,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$10+ billion (USD),-1
260,Sr. Data Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Search by Keyword
More Options

Search by Location

Clear

Loading...

Department

All

State

All

×

Send me alerts every days
alert frequency in every certain days
Create Alert

form.emailsubscribe-form {
display: none;
}
×

Send me alerts every days
alert frequency in every certain days

Share this Job

AddThis
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest

Apply now »



Sr. Data Scientist

Date:

Sep 18, 2020

Location:

Danvers, MA, US

#job-location.job-location-inline {
display: inline;
}

Abiomed is a pioneer and global leader in healthcare technology and innovation, with a mission of Recovering Hearts & Saving Lives. With corporate headquarters in Danvers, Massachusetts, offices in Aachen & Berlin, Germany and Tokyo, Japan, Abiomed’s 1,400 employees form one of the fastest growing medical device companies in the world. We attract and retain exceptional talent with our collaborative culture, passion for our work, and a strong commitment to employee professional development.

Patients First | Innovation | Winning Culture | Heart Recovery
The Abiomed Applied Research group is a team of scientists and engineers building a new generation of Impella “Smart Pump” devices. We are currently hiring a Data Scientist to lead the design and implementation of new machine learning algorithms that guide treatment decisions and improve patient outcomes. These algorithms will play a central role in the pursuit of Abiomed’s mission of recovering heart and saving lives. We are looking for a creative self-starter who thrives in a continuously growing data environment and enjoys a fast-paced, dynamic research group.
Responsibilities
Responsible for end-to-end development of machine learning algorithms
Design new statistical and physiological features for time series data
Evaluate algorithm performance in offline (in silico) and live (in vitro, in vivo) environments
Collaborate with software teams to implement algorithms on embedded hardware
Maintain concise descriptions of algorithm design specifications and performance evaluations
Perform variability analyses for model optimization
Quantitatively and qualitatively evaluate new ML/AI techniques and integrate into algorithm design
Communicate algorithm designs and performance results to cross-functional stakeholders
Attend scientific conferences and act as a data science ambassador for the organization

Job Requirements
MS in computer science, data science, or equivalent technical field; or BS + 2 years of experience.
Demonstrated capability in machine learning techniques (e.g. classification, regression, clustering, sequence generation, forecasting, reinforcement learning, Markov modeling, or Bayesian statistics)
Proficient in Python. Experience in one or more development packages such as Sklearn, Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Theano
Experience in one or more distributed computing tools, such as Hadoop or Spark
Willing to travel 5-10% of the time to meet with customers to gather user needs and assess product performance, and attend scientific conferences
Experience with the following is strongly preferred:
APIs & cloud computing platforms (Microsoft Azure or AWS)
Embedded software (C/C++ or equivalent)
Medical devices and electronic health record data
General Requirements
Superb communication and collaboration skills – comfortable operating within and outside a core team and presenting progress to company leadership
Demonstrated excellence of analytical thinking in one or more technical fields
Self-motivated and good team player
Willing to learn and explore new technologies
Independent, efficient, and able to manage several concurrent projects

Abiomed is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce. Abiomed will not discriminate against any worker or job applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy, gender reassignment, non-job related mental or physical disability, genetic information, veteran status, military service, application for military service, or membership in any other category protected under law.

Nearest Major Market: Boston

Apply now »

Find similar jobs:
Engineering & R&D

Apply now »



Sr. Data Scientist

Date:

Sep 18, 2020

Location:

Danvers, MA, US

#job-location.job-location-inline {
display: inline;
}

Abiomed is a pioneer and global leader in healthcare technology and innovation, with a mission of Recovering Hearts & Saving Lives. With corporate headquarters in Danvers, Massachusetts, offices in Aachen & Berlin, Germany and Tokyo, Japan, Abiomed’s 1,400 employees form one of the fastest growing medical device companies in the world. We attract and retain exceptional talent with our collaborative culture, passion for our work, and a strong commitment to employee professional development.

Patients First | Innovation | Winning Culture | Heart Recovery
The Abiomed Applied Research group is a team of scientists and engineers building a new generation of Impella “Smart Pump” devices. We are currently hiring a Data Scientist to lead the design and implementation of new machine learning algorithms that guide treatment decisions and improve patient outcomes. These algorithms will play a central role in the pursuit of Abiomed’s mission of recovering heart and saving lives. We are looking for a creative self-starter who thrives in a continuously growing data environment and enjoys a fast-paced, dynamic research group.
Responsibilities
Responsible for end-to-end development of machine learning algorithms
Design new statistical and physiological features for time series data
Evaluate algorithm performance in offline (in silico) and live (in vitro, in vivo) environments
Collaborate with software teams to implement algorithms on embedded hardware
Maintain concise descriptions of algorithm design specifications and performance evaluations
Perform variability analyses for model optimization
Quantitatively and qualitatively evaluate new ML/AI techniques and integrate into algorithm design
Communicate algorithm designs and performance results to cross-functional stakeholders
Attend scientific conferences and act as a data science ambassador for the organization

Job Requirements
MS in computer science, data science, or equivalent technical field; or BS + 2 years of experience.
Demonstrated capability in machine learning techniques (e.g. classification, regression, clustering, sequence generation, forecasting, reinforcement learning, Markov modeling, or Bayesian statistics)
Proficient in Python. Experience in one or more development packages such as Sklearn, Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Theano
Experience in one or more distributed computing tools, such as Hadoop or Spark
Willing to travel 5-10% of the time to meet with customers to gather user needs and assess product performance, and attend scientific conferences
Experience with the following is strongly preferred:
APIs & cloud computing platforms (Microsoft Azure or AWS)
Embedded software (C/C++ or equivalent)
Medical devices and electronic health record data
General Requirements
Superb communication and collaboration skills – comfortable operating within and outside a core team and presenting progress to company leadership
Demonstrated excellence of analytical thinking in one or more technical fields
Self-motivated and good team player
Willing to learn and explore new technologies
Independent, efficient, and able to manage several concurrent projects

Abiomed is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce. Abiomed will not discriminate against any worker or job applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy, gender reassignment, non-job related mental or physical disability, genetic information, veteran status, military service, application for military service, or membership in any other category protected under law.

Nearest Major Market: Boston

Apply now »",3.9,"ABIOMED
3.9","Danvers, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
261,Sr. DATA SCIENTIST,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Title: Sr. Data Scientist

Company: Samsung Research America (SRA)

Lab: Visual Display Intelligence Lab

Location: Mountain View, CA

Lab Summary:

At Visual Display Intelligence lab, Samsung Research America, we operate as a start-up while leveraging the broader assets of a larger global enterprise. We do advance research and development to immensely benefit our core business verticals in the space of Ads and Marketing. Our team primarily focuses on processing huge data sets, build robust and scalable big data pipelines, conduct advanced research in implementing state-of-the-art ML and AI techniques, build data services that are both real-time and batch based. All those combined provide the best-in-class experience to our customers across consumer electronics and internet of things. Many of our engineers take pride in publications, filing A-grade patents and build robust products and services.

Position Summary:

As a Staff Software Engineer you will primarily focus on building unified Audience platform by working directly with Product Managers, Lab leaders, researchers, Big data/AI/ML engineers, brainstorm different ideas and also build POCs and propose projects that cater to the broader business needs. If there is evinced interest to invest on those projects, you could lead them to fruition. You will help design data pipelines, maintain large scale distributed systems, help manage the modern data warehousing infrastructure, analyze key metrics for decision makers to provide visual insights that will change the company direction and benefit consumers. The ideal candidate will be someone who comes from a strong analytical background that has demonstrated experience in the following areas:

Responsibilities:
Build and maintain large scale distributed systems to support the whole pipeline from data collection and training to deployment and real-time serving
Write efficient implementations of ML algorithms over CPUs & GPUs
Integrate our in-house systems with open source technologies like Kubernetes and Tensorflow
Build abstractions to automate various steps in different ML workflows
Build tools to debug, visualize and inspect various features and models
Work with the engineers who use the platform, and help them be more impactful by improving the platform
Minimum Qualifications:
Strong knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, operating system, computer networks.
(5+ years) Software development experience, ideally in Python, Scala or Java
(5+ years) Experience with MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, Redis, Redshift, OracleDB or MongoDB
(3+ years) Microservice-oriented architectures and related OSS technologies (e.g. Kubernetes, Kafka, Celery/RabbitMQ, nginx, Redis, Airflow, etc)
(3+ years) Experience working in distributed and streaming environment, preferably using Spark, Kafka, Flink etc
(3+ years) Experience with AWS in an enterprise environment
(3+ years) CI/CD and test automation frameworks (Cypress.io, Jenkins, Appium, UIAutomation, Bazel, etc)
Preferred Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field
Strong communication and inter-personal skills
Experience with leading large-scale multi-engineer projects
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.",3.7,"Samsung Research America
3.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
262,Data Scientist Principal,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Schneider is seeking an innovative Principal Data Scientist to join our Engineering team. Our Principal Data Scientists, foster thought leadership in analytics and decision sciences to elevate the performance of the enterprise. You will proactively evaluate new technologies and identify industry best practices, while leveraging our existing processes and technical capabilities to deliver exceptional results.

Our Principal Data Scientists:
Foresee future challenges and provide perspective and insight on how to best position the department and enterprise for success.
Represent Schneider as a thought leader within the industry and academia through symposiums, annual meetings and partnerships.
Design, collaborate and implement solutions and new proof of concepts using new and existing technologies.
Mentor junior associates and collaborate with diverse departments to frame and solve business opportunities.
Oversee external relationships with software vendors to influence product functionality and our academic partners to influence curriculum design.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Ideal candidates will have:
Earned a PhD degree in Data or Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Economics, Mathematics, or related field, plus eight years of relevant work experience. Or a master’s degree plus ten years of relevant work experience.
Proficient understanding in designing and implementing data science models using open source as well as commercial programming languages.
A demonstrated ability to understand the uses and limitations of statistical and programming methodologies to select the appropriate methodology to complete projects.
Experience working with Java and/or Python.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.
Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com.

Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
263,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
264,"Translational Data Scientist, Oncology Data Science",$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"1 purpose...to reimagine medicine!

The Oncology Data Science (OncDS) group in NIBR brings together projects spanning the entire clinical development pipeline, across a wide and unique range of novel therapeutics (e.g.: targeted and immunotherapies, radioligands, cell and gene therapies). OncDS:
•Oversees NGS data generation and performs analysis for thousands of oncology clinical samples, informing drug discovery and development
•Integrates internal and external data across distinct clinical trials to produce recognized translational impact
•Applies cutting-edge technologies and analytic approaches to discover and characterize the molecular mechanisms of therapeutic response in individual cancer patients

Description:
We are seeking a data scientist who will advance the translation of multi-dimensional molecular data (e.g. NGS) to biomarker discovery in clinical trials. The successful candidate will nurture close collaborations with oncology clinical trial teams, interpret candidate biomarkers and contribute to large-scale meta-analyses across trials and indications. Specific job responsibilities include:
•Collaboration on the design and execution of molecular biomarker profiling studies in oncology clinical trials
•Exploration of molecular data in the context of clinical variables to discover biomarkers of response/resistance to therapy
•Communication of key findings to trial teams and diverse group of scientists
•Application of biostatistics and machine learning methods across datasets from multiple clinical trials to gain actionable biological insights
•Application and development of computational methods for analyses of longitudinal biomarker and clinical data to characterize patients’ response to treatment
•Development of innovative analytic approaches to integrate and visualize complex clinical datasets
•Interaction with clinicians, project managers, data engineers, and other scientists to facilitate progression of projects across milestones

Desirable Requirements:
•PhD, or M.S with 3-4 years of experience, in bioinformatics, biostatistics, genomics, computer science, or related field
•Track record of peer-reviewed publications demonstrating statistical and analytic rigor when tackling multidimensional omics datasets
•Expertise in machine learning and longitudinal data analysis preferred
•Knowledge of cancer genomics, immunology / immune-oncology, clinical and translational science preferred. Knowledge of RWE is a plus
•Programming expertise with fluency in one or more programming languages for bioinformatics and data science analyses such as R or Python
•Effective communication of complex concepts to diverse audiences
•Curiosity, creativity and drive towards solutions when facing scientific challenges

Why consider Novartis?
799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers our people to unleash their full potential.

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
265,Contract/Intern - Project Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"6 Month Contract/Intern - Chemist / Scientist
The ideal candidate will possess an academic background in physics, chemistry, or related discipline, with good knowledge of lab principles and practices. A background in instrumentation is essential. The candidate will be responsible for preparing test articles, collection of data, analysis of results, and effective record-keeping and communication. The candidate for this position will be hired for a 6 month contract, or a Fall/Winter 2020 internship for immediate hire.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Research and Development with analytical instruments
Learn and implement techniques for sample collection and introduction
Evaluate instrument performance, analyze data, and report test results
Test and evaluate breadboard designs to enhance performance
Work closely with other internal groups and external resources to enhance development of instrumentation
Attention to detail and precise record-keeping
Other duties may be assigned

QUALIFICATIONS:
This individual must be a motivated individual with the ability to learn and implement techniques
relating to detection of chemical agents and trace explosive residue. This includes, but not limited to sample collection, desorption, transport, ionization, detection, and analysis. This individual shall also be capable of working independently with reliable record-keeping and communication.
Education and/or Experience:
Degree or working toward a degree in Physics, Chemistry, or equivalent
Two years hands-on experience with instrumentation desirable
Computer Skills:
Standard MS office proficiency
Capability to quickly learn new Bruker developed SW programs
Programming for test and evaluation is a plus
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations:
N/A
Other Skills and Abilities:
Familiarity with Ion Mobility Spectrometry and Mass Spectrometry helpful
At least two-years’ experience with instrumentation such as IMS or MS desired
General chemical lab expertise
Other Qualifications:
US citizenship required. The ability to obtain and retain a US security clearance is a must.
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Must be a team player with good people skills
Bruker is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
Certain positions at Bruker require compliance with export control laws and as a result, all interviewed candidates for all positions will be screened pre-interview to determine their eligibility in light of export control restrictions.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
Office and R&D lab environment
Some travel required - up to 4 weeks within 6 month period",3.3,"Bruker Corporation
3.3","Billerica, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1960,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
266,Principal Clinical Evaluation Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Additional Locations: US-MN-Arden Hills

Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

About this role:

This is a highly dynamic role in which you will work in a team environment to help develop global evidence-based clinical strategies for cardiology medical devices (CRM and Electrophysiology) by creating clinical documentation that systematically synthesizes information from multiple data sources. As a Clinical Evaluation Scientist, you will plan and develop clinical evaluation reports (CERs) and post-market clinical follow-up (PMCF) reports, as well as summary of safety and clinical performance reports (SSCPs) in alignment with applicable clinical and regulatory standards and business needs. This role applies analytical thought processes and a highly methodical clinical evaluation approach to develop benefit/risk profiles for the Boston Scientific portfolio cardiology devices. A successful candidate has excellent writing skills as well as the ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional partners. Your efforts support product approval, indication expansion and claim support, and mandated post-market requirements.

Your responsibilities will include:
Compile, appraise, and evaluate data from multiple sources including clinical trials, medical literature, design verification/validation data, and product complaint data. Includes development of literature search strategies and methodical evaluation of medical literature.
Create analyses to evaluate product benefit/risk profile and safety and performance and develop profile of adverse events. Identify potential clinical evidence gaps and contribute to development of prospective evidence strategy to address gaps.
Collaborate with leadership and cross-functional partners to develop global clinical strategies for new product development and/or EU MDR certification, ensure alignment of clinical data with risk documentation, and to contribute to product labeling.
Aid in the development and execution of strategies for regulatory responses for regulatory submissions
What we’re looking for in you:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree and 8+ years professional experience or Advanced degree (PhD, research-based MS, MD, RN/DVM) and 3+ years professional experience
Analytical skills, including strong familiarity with medical literature
Strong medical/scientific writing skills
Preferred Qualification
Knowledge of cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology medical device products and related disease states/ medical terminology
Medical device experience, including understanding of regulatory
Ability to understand engineering documentation, including risk documentation
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Requisition ID: 467272",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Arden Hills, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
267,Sr Data Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

Our Ascension Data Science Institute is looking to add an experienced Sr. Data Scientist to their dynamic and growing team!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creates efficient algorithms and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support. Identifies, defines, directs and preforms project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Creates and manages a machine learning pipeline, from raw data acquisitions to merging and normalizing to sophisticated feature engineering development to model execution.
Designs, leads and actively engages in projects with broad implication for the business and/or the future architecture, successfully addressing cross-technology and cross-platform issues. Selects tools and methodologies for projects and negotiates terms and conditions with vendors.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less-experiences staff.
Leads the organizations planning for the future of the data model and data architecture.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
PhD preferred.
Work Experience:
1 year of experience required.
Available GitHub page showing data science capabilitites.
High level of technical skills in mathematics, statistics and or programming.
Experience with intrerpretting data science output for non-data science stakeholders, study/ methods design.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
268,Data Engineer - ETL and Integrations,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Shipt works with a wide variety of data partners to better understand our partners, customers, and brands we work with. We're looking to grow the Data Engineering team with a Data Engineer to help expand our capabilities and integrate new partners.

The Data Engineering team at Shipt focuses on all data that moves in and out of our system. A growing part of our responsibilities includes getting more value out of the large amounts of data we import and collect. The team works to build different pipelines and integrations to help clean, understand, or enrich our content & information.

As catalog data is fundamental to the grocery delivery experience, our team plays a large part in the Shipt marketplace and helps drive the company's growth plans.

Your Responsibilities

• Develop and maintain pipelines responsible for sending or ingesting large amounts of

data from various sources

• Partner with external vendors on building, enhancing and maintaining business solutions.

• Help evolve our data model & infrastructure for new retailers and verticals

• Collaborate with other teams across the organization (e.g., Retail Partner Success,

Business Development) to enable new opportunities

• Keep the big picture in mind so that our architectural patterns can better

consume and validate source data

• Build and experiment with different tools and tech, and share your learnings

with the broader organization

Requirements

• 2+ years of experience as a Data Engineer/Architect

• Strong spoken and written communication.

• Thrives on engaging directly with business partners to build an in-depth understanding of business needs and deliver innovative solutions.

• Proficiency in Python is required (this is our primary language)

• Proficiency in SQL is required (we use PostgreSQL and Redshift)

• Proficiency with REST APIs

• A keen attention to detail

• A Bachelor's Degree in a technical field or equivalent work experience

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.5,"Shipt
3.5","Birmingham, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Product Rental,Consumer Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
269,Machine Learning Engineer,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"CircleUp harnesses the power of machine learning and predictive analytics to discover some of the fastest-growing companies in the consumer & retail sector. We are building a predictive data system called ""Helio"" to bring the data-driven revolution that has occurred in the public markets to the private markets, starting with consumer & retail.

We are working on challenging problems in information retrieval, entity resolution, and developing an in-depth knowledge graph of all private companies. We are mining vast amounts of data to successfully rewrite the rules on how private companies are evaluated.

With a background in both software development and machine learning, you will collaborate with software engineers, data scientists, PMs, and domain experts in consumer investing to develop & ship predictive data products in support of CircleUp's mission - helping entrepreneurs thrive by connecting them with the capital & resources they need.

You are a passionate software engineer who is comfortable working across the full stack & lifecycle of predictive data products - prototyping, feature engineering, validation, and productionalization.

CircleUp was recently honored as one of Fast Company's Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Data Science and has been named a CB Insights FinTech 250, a Top 5 Most Disruptive Company in Finance by CNBC, and to the Forbes FinTech 50. Founded in 2012, CircleUp is headquartered in San Francisco and backed by Union Square Ventures, GV, Canaan Partners, QED Advisors, and others.

Responsibilities:
Collect and refine structured and unstructured data on private companies
Build out our entity resolution platform that can identify references to companies, brands and products in highly unstructured digital documents and link them back to real world entities
Build scalable production systems for data collection, data transformation, feature extraction, model training, and scoring, using distributed software tools
Build end to end algorithms for objectively measuring the quality of private consumer companies
Contribute to all phases of algorithm development including ideation, prototyping, design and production
We're looking for teammates who have:
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information retrieval, Natural Language processing, Math, Statistics or related technical field
2+ years of experience in machine learning, NLP and/or information retrieval
Broad knowledge of machine learning APIs, tools, and open source libraries
Excellent coding skills and strong fundamentals in algorithms, data structures, predictive modeling and big data concepts
Experience putting models into production systems is a huge plus
An interest in disrupting and democratizing the entire industry within the private markets.
If you got to this point, we hope you’re feeling excited about the job description you just read! Even if you feel that you don't meet all of the requirements and qualifications, we still encourage you to apply. We’re eager to speak with those who share our passion to help entrepreneurs thrive - not just those who match every bullet point in our job descriptions.

CircleUp is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex and gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender identity and gender expression (including transgender individuals who are transitioning, have transitioned, or are perceived to be transitioning to the gender with which they identify), age, sexual orientation, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status and any other consideration protected by federal, state or local law. We encourage those who really want to make an impact to apply for our open positions.",4.5,"CircleUp
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Venture Capital & Private Equity,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
270,Senior Data Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.",3.9,"GutCheck
3.9","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
271,Senior Outreach Data Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:

Are you looking for a new and exciting career opportunity?

Join our award-winning organization and work with some of the most talented minds within our Enterprise Technology and Innovation teams. As a Salient CRGT employee, you get to be part of a best performing team supporting our nation’s most critical missions.

Why Salient CRGT?

We’re passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation. We provide the tools and resources to help you be successful, and our culture fosters an environment in which idea sharing and collaboration is essential. Are you ready to make a difference?

We are seeking a senior level Outreach Data Scientist.

This role fullfills the following responsibilites:

implements a continuous review process to evaluate the effectiveness of processes and standards for identifying process improvements to drive improved efficiency and quality
evaluates quality issues, inefficient processes, product quality, customer feedback, and analyst recommendations to identify process and product improvements
identifies opportunities to eliminate duplication of effort, improve analyst effectiveness and efficiency, eliminate backlog, reduce accuracy issues, and improve general operations
conducts briefings on improvement recommendations, gaining approval for implementation, and coordinating implementation improvements
implementation of tools, scripts, algorithms, and techniques assesses the effectiveness of the improvements
assesses and reports on metrics

#cjpost

Required Qualifications:

The following are minimum requirements for the role:

10+ years of experience
MA/MS degree
Experience continuous process improvement (CPI) researcher and facilitator
Experience working in NCTC screening and vetting using NCTC IC databases
Analytical and critical thinking skills
Knowledge of SOPs and Government watchlisting and screening and vetting guidelines
Advanced communication skills including documentation and briefings
Knowledge of ODNI, NCTC, and IC mission, roles, and responsibilities
TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance

#cjpost #super6

#muncyreqs

#crgt456 #jpreqs

Desired Qualifications:
Recognized expert in specific field

Salient CRGT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other factor prohibited by applicable anti-discrimination laws.",3.4,"Salient CRGT, Inc
3.4","McLean, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
272,Senior Data Analyst,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Data Analyst*
ABOUT US*
For more than 20 years, WINFertility has been managing family-building benefits that are delivered with care and support by the highest quality providers. WIN is the largest, most experienced fertility benefit management company in the country. It offers inclusive family-building solutions to employers, health plans and individual patients. From integrated fertility management, including medical treatment, pharmacy and reproductive genetics, to surrogacy and adoption, WIN’s mission is to help build families by providing access to the best network doctors, technology and emotional support at the lowest cost.

WIN’s managed fertility programs include an integrated medical and pharmaceutical model that is unique to the industry. Its dedicated nurse care managers, all with experience in reproductive endocrinology clinics, guide employees through every step of their fertility journey, and are available 24/7.
POSITION SUMMARY*
This analytical position will develop data solutions to assist in the advancement of initiatives needed to support our business growth and operations across key customer segments. It includes the creation of analytical solutions used to manage operational programs and mentoring other data analytics resources on how to best provide value to the organization. The position will require building dashboards and visualizations through BI software to support business analytics and reporting.

The position will also serve as a proactive change agent within the business by understanding the long-term functions of the Data and Analytics Team and developing systems, databases, and other critical analytic tools needed to support the growing and complex nature of customer relationships.

The position is responsible for working closely with various internal teams to understand, define, and produce program related reports and analysis. Responsibilities include interpreting data, creating ad hoc reports, modifying and updating standard reports when applicable, perform statistical analysis, analyze data to forecast trends and conduct predictability outcomes. They will also participate in operations meetings, strategy sessions, and business reviews. He/she must possess knowledge and experience necessary to offer recommendations and propose solutions for complex business problems and/or systems enhancements.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES*
Responsible for creating business value for company by understanding data environment, designing data strategies, performing extract, transform, and load activities, and operationalizing models. Work closely with the team members and business partners to interpret the data and develop implement solutions that create visibility for internal management and operations across all customer programs. This position will require collaboration across the business to develop and implement data-driven solutions.
Support the development of customer-level metrics needed to manage operations with Clients. Manage the compilation, analysis, and reporting of data to forecast trends, apply various analytical techniques to support operational efficiency and productivity.
5+ years RDBMS experience (MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, etc.); must have the ability to write complex, optimized queries across large volumes of data
5+ years of experience analyzing and manipulating data from a variety of production systems and data platforms required
Experience in query tuning and database engine optimization
Knowledge of ETL and data warehouse concepts and processes
Demonstrated ability to identify data quality issues and recommend the best course of action to address them
Experience translating data extractions and analyses into formats and outputs that other departments and clients can understand
Experience in Data Visualization tools like (e.g. Tableau, Business Objects, Cognos, Power BI, etc…) or other related tools
Problem solver with high attention to detail and superior organization and documentation skills
Design, create and implement reports to analyze and display data for all assigned projects and requests utilizing Business Objects, and other data visualization tools.
Document and understand project requirements, reporting data mapping and data warehouse repositories for assigned programs.
Complete full documentation of reports developed utilizing Business Requirement Documents
Receive and respond to data requests to ensure projects in queue are accurately prioritized, designed, estimated and delivered to all shareholders
Ensure reports are scheduled, audited and delivered according to agreed upon expectations and established Service Level Agreements (SLAs).
Develop and execute acceptance test plans (UAT) to ensure data warehouse structures, universes, and associated data accurately meet business requirements.
Other responsibilities and projects, as directed.
QUALIFICATIONS*
Minimum Requirements*
5+ years of healthcare data management experience or 2+ years of advanced healthcare analytics experience
Critical Skills*
3+ years' experience in analytics or data related fields.
Strong knowledge of SQL and statistical packages (SAS, SPSS, STATA etc.).
Ability to design, create and implement reports to analyze and display data for all assigned projects and delivered according to client expectations and established SLAs.
Knowledge of healthcare industry with the ability to review all program data, perform analysis, notice trends, research and suggest solutions.
Significant data mining, analysis, and reporting experience, and demonstrated experience with IT and/or operations project management.
Experience in predictive modeling and machine learning.
Ability to lead and conduct customer meetings and understand business needs.
Advanced Microsoft Office experience (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project), Visio, SharePoint, and Business Objects.
Additional Knowledge & Skills*
Healthcare reporting experience, highly desired
Excellent written and verbal communication, and presentation skills
Exercise excellent judgment within defined standards and guidelines to manage conflict resolution and/or ambiguous situations
Experience developing partnerships with the technical, business, teams, and Clients utilizing strong communication and team building skills
Track record of strategic thinking and independent problem solving
Attention to detail and a high level of understanding of how to produce accurate and meaningful metrics to deliver high quality, actionable, efficient, and interactive reporting and insights to drive business and financial KPIs.
EDUCATION*
BA or BS degree or equivalent experience required.
WIN BENEFITS AND PERKS*
WIN *offers our employees competitive and comprehensive benefits to include but not limited to:
Paid vacation, sick and holiday time
Medical
Dental
Vision
Life Insurance (company paid and supplemental)
Disability Insurance
Health Savings Account (HSA) with a per month company contribution
Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
Transit Account
401k plus company match
Pet Insurance
WIN Perks and Plum Benefits*
Employee Assistance Program
Free access to Fitness Center at our main office location
Free indoor parking at our main office location
Transit Account
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SQL and Statistical Packages: 3 years (Required)
Design, create and implement Reports: 3 years (Required)
Healthcare Data Management: 5 years (Required)
Advanced Healthcare Analytics: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Greenwich, CT (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.3,"WINFertility
3.3","Greenwich, CT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
273,Senior Machine learning scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Responsibilities:
Collect image/video data and clean/organize/augment them,
Build machine learning framework to train various models for camera image-based applications for autonomous driving
Implement the inference process for on-vehicle testing.
Qualification:
MS or Ph.D. in computer science or related real-world experience extensive experience in machine learning and deep learning
Experience in image/video processing and computer vision, comfortable writing code in C/C++, experience in Pytorch/Tensorflow
Familiar with motion estimation, depth estimation, image segmentation, camera pose estimation, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"Black Sesame Technologies Inc
4.0","Santa Clara, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
274,Advanced Computer Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Advanced Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a detailed software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Advanced Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software environment containing code in Python, MATLAB, C/C++ and Java. A strong CS background is needed and experience in cloud computing and machine learning are very desirable. Good communication skills, with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Master’s degree and 5+ years applied and relevant experience or Bachelor’s degree and 7+ years’ experience
Demonstrated capability in scientific programming of high-level language such as C/C++on Unix/Linux platforms
Working knowledge of high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Experience with interfacing extensive C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.3,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.3","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
275,"Computational Biologist / Data Scientist, Oncology",$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"1 purpose...to reimagine medicine! Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. (NIBR) is seeking a computational biologist / bioinformatics analyst to join the Novartis Oncology Data Science Team. Oncology Data Science provides computational biology expertise to NIBR Oncology, from target ID through clinical development, for both targeted and immune therapies. We apply cutting edge technologies and analytical approaches to elucidate the molecular basis for therapeutic response in individual cancer patients. Using sequencing data generated from thousands of Novartis oncology clinical trial samples, we bring hypotheses from biomarker discovery to bear on drug discovery and development.

We are seeking a highly motivated bioinformatics scientist to perform analysis of next-generation sequencing data (e.g bulk and single cell RNA-sequencing, tumor and cell-free DNA-sequencing) from clinical trial samples. The successful candidate will work collaboratively with computational biologists and clinical trial teams and will contribute to the interpretation of candidate biomarkers. Specific job responsibilities include:

•Supporting genomic biomarker profiling studies in oncology clinical trials
•Designing and performing analyses of genomic data (gene expression and genetic variation) and clinical variables to test and discover biomarkers for response and resistance to therapy
•Implementing and developing innovative analytical approaches with translational impact for clinical genomic data
•Providing biological interpretation of biomarkers
•Performing assessment of quality control metrics
•Communicating key findings and biological context to clinical trial teams

Desirable requirements:
•M.S. in computational biology, bioinformatics, biology, computer science, or a related field
•2+ years of industry experience preferred
•Familiarity with fundamental concepts in cancer genomics, statistics, and bioinformatics
•Knowledge of immunology, immune-oncology, clinical and translational science preferred
•Demonstrated statistical and analytical ability with programming expertise in R
•Proficiency with Linux tools and Python preferred
•Experience with current analysis methods for processing and mining NGS data
•Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; proven ability to work effectively within a team and to take ownership of challenging problems.

Why consider Novartis?
799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers our people to unleash their full potential.

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
276,Senior Quantitative Analyst/Quantitative Analyst III,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"The
Senior Quantitative Analyst will be an integral part of RADAR’s Retail
Supervisory Modeling Team (SMT). The Retail SMT has responsibility for
projecting losses associated with U.S. retail credit exposure groups (including
auto loans, credit and charge cards, first lien mortgage loans, and home equity
mortgage loans) for bank holding companies subject to the supervisory stress
test (DFAST and CCAR). You will perform statistical and econometric analysis to
support research, development, and implementation of the retail models in
accordance with the development cycle set forth by the Model Oversight Group
(MOG). You will provide initial and
final stress test estimates for each applicable firm, including written
explanations of analysis and results, and presentations to the MOG. The Senior
Quantitative Analyst will assist with maintaining model soundness and control
documentation in accordance with MOG standards. You will assist the team with model reviews by
the Supervisory Modeling Validation (SMV) team, providing explanations and
responses to follow-up requests and addressing SMV findings, as appropriate. You also assist FR staff on longer-term
research projects involving retail lending.

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or
FOMC information, which is limited to “Protected Individuals” as defined in the
U.S. federal immigration law. Protected Individuals include, but are not
limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who
either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for
naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are permanent
residents must sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen when
eligible to do so and pursue a path to citizenship. Candidates who are not U.S.
citizens or U.S. permanent residents may be eligible for the information access
required for this position if they sign a declaration of intent to become
a permanent resident and a U.S. citizen and meet other eligibility
requirements. In addition, all candidates must undergo an applicable background
check and comply with all applicable information handling rules.

To
be considered for the position, please submit a resume and cover letter.

About
the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia:

The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia is one of the 12 regional Reserve Banks that,
together with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the Federal
Reserve System. It helps formulate and implement monetary policy,
supervises banks and bank and savings and loan holding companies, and provides
financial services to depository institutions and the federal
government. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia serves eastern and
central Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and Delaware.

Background
investigations including drug testing are required for all new hires as a
condition of employment, after the job offer is made. Employment may not begin until the Bank
accepts the results of the background investigation.

To
see the full job description, click the link:

https://www.philadelphiafed.org/-/media/67799981834740d49d69b177998c3bc8.ashx

To
Apply:

Go
to https://www.philadelphiafed.org/careers/job-openings.cfm
and find the ""Senior Quantitative Analyst/Quantitative Analyst III""
position.

We offer a great
benefits package that features:
Medical (4 options), Prescription, Dental
(3 options), and Vision Insurance
401k/Thrift Plan with
generous employer match
Employer-funded Pension Plan
Paid Vacation/Sick Time&
Holidays
Monthly Commuter Allowance
Flexible Spending Accounts
and Healthcare Spending Accounts
Flexible Work Schedule
available in most departments
Tuition Reimbursement
Parental Leave
Onsite 24/7 Fitness Center
including training classes, Peloton bikes and locker room / shower
facilities
Onsite Cafeteria and Coffee
Shop
Additional convenience
benefits, discounts and more…
The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia believes that diversity and inclusion among our
employees is essential to our success as an organization, and we want to
recruit, develop and retain the most accomplished people from a diverse
candidate pool. To support a workplace culture of belonging, we offer seven
employee resource groups (ERGs) and a 100 percent rating on the Human Rights
Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equality Index. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
3.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1914,Company - Private,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
277,Data Scientist - Intermediate,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"KellyMitchell matches the best IT and business talent with premier organizations nationwide. Our clients, ranging from Fortune 500 corporations to rapidly growing high-tech companies, are exceptionally served by our 1500+ IT and business consultants. Our industry is growing rapidly, and now is a great time to launch your career with the KellyMitchell team.

Data Scientist Intermediate

Required Skills / Experience:
• MS in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, life sciences or closely-related with at least 1 years of industry or research experience
• Strong code development experience with these languages: R and Python
• Knowledge in SQL and experience with big data ecosystem
• Experience with coding best practices, version control and documentation
• Problem solving and analytical thinking
• Strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts
• Strong organizational, interpersonal skills with proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, concise, and precise manner

Desired Skills / Experience:
• PhD in a quantitative field
• Experience with AWS or other cloud platform
• Experience with Docker and other DevOps tool and airflow or other workflow tool
• Knowledge of plant breeding and genomic prediction
• Experience with web development and object-oriented programming (OOP) and design experience
• Peer reviewed publication and a sense of urgency, identifies and overcomes obstacles",3.5,"KellyMitchell
3.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
278,Senior Data Analytics/Scientist,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Senior Data Analytics/Scientist to support the Chief Human Capital Office (CHCO) for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

Primary Responsibilities

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insights and trends in human capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance HCA across the IC. Centralize IC CHCO data collection and synthesis, including survey data, enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data-driven problem-solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operation questions; and incorporate insights and findings into a range of products.

Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write- ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur.

Adapt freeware solutions such as R, and modular solutions for maximum flexibility. Provide an advanced capability for data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to discover insights that help guide business decisions. Be forward leaning, exploring HCA solutions that benefit IC elements individually and collectively. Let the data tell the story including what is inconsistent or contradictory, and automate data cleansing as much as possible. Integrate data solutions and collection with IC Information Technology Enterprise to enhance connectivity with IC Elements.

Identify and customize, if necessary, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Information Technology (IT) tools for administration and data collection, or to leverage, support, and integrate the process with tools built for the IC and/or its component elements. Any tools developed shall be web-based and web-enabled, designed to maximize feedback effectiveness while protecting employee assessment information, and include both structured interview and web-based tools for gathering feedback.

Assist in the development and maintenance of financial procedural guidance, templates and data formats, for identifying IC-wide workforce numbers, to include government, military, and contractor support. Review, assess data, identify data deficiencies and recommend solutions for remediation. Support quantitative and analytic efforts for workforce planning, development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) planning displays, and analytic support for budget management and planning. Assist with ad hoc data requests from Congress, IC elements or as required by IC CHCO.

Coordinate and facilitate community of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by IC CHCO.

Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.

Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).

Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.

Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative- tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Preferred Experience:

C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.

Demonstrated expertise in supporting quantitative and analytical efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.

Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.

Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.

Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on-line and automated survey instruments.

Years of Experience: 7 years of relevant experience in a related field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, etc.).

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance/ SCI Eligibility with a CI Polygraph. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems, Inc.
4.5","Bethesda, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
279,Quantitative Specialist/Senior Quantitative Analyst,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Financial
Monitoring Group (FMG) within the Supervision, Regulation and Credit (SRC)
department seeks a motivated senior quantitative analyst/quantitative
specialist to support the monitoring of retail credit risk for the nation’s
largest banks. FMG produces quarterly risk reports and identifies
emerging trends in retail lending using supervisory data. More recently, FMG
has developed new monthly analytics and reporting to track the impact of the
current pandemic on retail credit. The group also provides analytical and
examination support to Federal Reserve System committees in activities related
to retail credit risk, including the annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and
Review (CCAR) assessment and other System work.

The successful candidate will have an interest in analyzing data trends in
banking and economic activity, as well as telling the story behind the data in
written or presentation format. In addition to strong communication
skills, the candidate should have the ability to work both collaboratively and
independently. Strong time management and project management skills are
desired. This role provides an opportunity to interact with various System
groups, including the Large Institution Supervision Coordinating Committee
(LISCC) and Large and Foreign Banking Organizations (LFBO) management groups.
The ability to manipulate and perform analysis of large datasets is required,
preferably using SAS or SQL. Experience with a data visualization
tool, such as Tableau, is a plus.

This position requires access to confidential supervisory information and/or
FOMC information, which is limited to “Protected Individuals” as defined in the
U.S. federal immigration law. Protected Individuals include, but are not
limited to, U.S. citizens, U.S. nationals, and U.S. permanent residents who
either are not yet eligible to apply for naturalization or who have applied for
naturalization within the requisite timeframe. Candidates who are permanent
residents must sign a declaration of intent to become a U.S. citizen when
eligible to do so and pursue a path to citizenship. Candidates who are not U.S.
citizens or U.S. permanent residents may be eligible for the information access
required for this position if they sign a declaration of intent to become
a permanent resident and a U.S. citizen and meet other eligibility
requirements. In addition, all candidates must undergo an applicable background
check and comply with all applicable information handling rules.

To
be considered for the position, please submit a resume and cover letter.

About
the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia:

The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia is one of the 12 regional Reserve Banks that,
together with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the Federal
Reserve System. It helps formulate and implement monetary policy,
supervises banks and bank and savings and loan holding companies, and provides
financial services to depository institutions and the federal
government. The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia serves eastern and
central Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and Delaware.

Background
investigations including drug testing are required for all new hires as a
condition of employment, after the job offer is made. Employment may not begin until the Bank
accepts the results of the background investigation.

To
see the full job description, click the link:

https://www.philadelphiafed.org/-/media/7db2d139fc344d92adbcb55302b39bc3.ashx

To
Apply:

Go
to https://www.philadelphiafed.org/careers/job-openings.cfm
and find the ""Quantitative Specialist/Senior Quantitative Analyst""
position.
We offer a great benefits package that features:
Medical (4 options),
Prescription, Dental (3 options), and Vision Insurance
401k/Thrift Plan with
generous employer match
Employer-funded Pension
Plan
Paid Vacation/Sick Time
& Holidays
Monthly Commuter
Allowance
Flexible Spending
Accounts and Healthcare Spending Accounts
Flexible Work Schedule
available in most departments
Tuition Reimbursement
Parental Leave
Onsite 24/7 Fitness
Center including training classes, Peloton bikes and locker room / shower
facilities
Onsite Cafeteria and
Coffee Shop
Additional convenience benefits,
discounts and more…
The Federal
Reserve Bank of Philadelphia believes that diversity and inclusion among our
employees is essential to our success as an organization, and we want to
recruit, develop and retain the most accomplished people from a diverse
candidate pool. To support a workplace culture of belonging, we offer seven
employee resource groups (ERGs) and a 100 percent rating on the Human Rights
Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equality Index. The Federal Reserve Bank of
Philadelphia is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia
3.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1914,Company - Private,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
280,Machine Learning Engineer,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"With the continued impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, Kensho is conducting all interviews and on-boarding activities remotely. At the present time, all employees are working remotely, until further notice. When the time comes to open our offices, Kensho will fully support those employees who would like to continue working remotely and not ask anyone to return to the office until they are comfortable.

At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the freedom, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products for our parent company, S&P Global. As a result, we produce technology that is scalable, robust, and solves the challenges of one of the world’s largest, most successful financial institutions.

As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for tackling a wide range of problems from natural language processing to timeseries prediction. You will move beyond the theoretical confines of academia and apply your tradecraft to build machine learning systems on real world data. In this role, you will constantly collaborate and work with groups of engineers. Our Machine Learning team is responsible for delivering ML-based solutions from problem framing, to prototyping, and production application.
Are you looking to make impactful, scalable contributions that transform the way we think about data? If so, we would love to help you excel here at Kensho. We take pride in our tightly-knit, team-based community that provides our Kenshins with a collaborative, supportive environment to bring transparency to the biggest challenges in data.
What You’ll Do
You will conduct original research on large proprietary and open source data sets
Identify, research, prototype, and build predictive products
You will build cutting-edge models for understanding vast amounts of textual data
Write production code
You will write tests to ensure the robustness and reliability of your productionized models
You will work closely with software engineers to build incredible systems
Technologies You’ll Use
Python and specifically NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, SciKit-learn
Neural network packages like TensorFlow/Keras and pytorch
ML packages like LightGBM and XGBoost
OpenFST
Elasticsearch
Required Skills, Knowledge & Experience
You have 3+ years of experience being a major machine learning contributor at a top company, hedge fund, or university
You have at least one core programming expertise, such as Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas), MATLAB, or R
You have experience with advanced machine learning methods
You possess strong statistical knowledge, intuition, and experience modeling real data
You demonstrate effective coding, documentation, and communication habits
You have a strong research acumen and experiment design skills
You have the ability and credibility to lead a team
You have a stellar ability to communicate even the most complicated methods and results to a broad, often non-technical audience
Several of the following terms should hold deep meaning for you: LSTM, lookahead bias, bagging, boosting, stacking, information retrieval, batch norm, entity recognition, bootstrapping, Glorot initialization, Kullback-Leibler divergence, GLOVE, SMAPE, HMM, MAP, exponential family, VC dimension, EM, L1, TD(Lambda)
How to Really Get Our Attention
Your GitHub/Kaggle profile shows a project or problems you’ve tackled
You have relevant research or publications
You are a specialist in deep learning in an academic setting or production-grade machine learning


At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:
- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
- 100% company paid premiums
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- 18 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)
- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching
- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities
- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences
- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches
- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)
- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) or Equinox membership (LA, NYC)
- Stipend towards commuter or gym reimbursement
- Bike sharing program memberships
- Compassion leave and elder care leave
- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities
- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events
About Kensho
Kensho uses machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and data visualization techniques to solve some of the hardest analytical problems and create breakthrough financial intelligence solutions for our parent company, S&P Global.
Kensho was founded in 2013 by Harvard & MIT alums and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"Kensho
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
281,Data Engineer,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Grow your career at AppLovin.

AppLovin is a global leader in mobile entertainment. Its studios create popular, immersive mobile games and its technology brings games to more players around the world. Since 2012, the company's platform has been instrumental in driving the explosive growth of mobile games, resulting in a richer ecosystem and more games played by millions of people every day. AppLovin is headquartered in Palo Alto, California with several offices globally. Learn more at applovin.com.

AppLovin is one of Inc.'s Best Workplaces and a recipient of the 2019 Glassdoor Top CEO employee's choice award. The San Francisco Business Times awarded AppLovin one of the Bay Area's Best Places to Work in 2019 and 2020, and the Workplace Wellness Award in 2019 which recognizes businesses that are leaders in improving worker well-being.

About You:
Have 1-3 years of experience and a minimum of a BS and/or MS in Computer Science
Have excellent knowledge of computer science fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, and coding
Experience independently creating and maintaining projects
Product focused mindset
Have experience working with big data systems (Spark, Hadoop, Pig, Impala, Kafka)
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems
Experience with a backend language such as Java or Scala
About the Role:
Collaborate with various engineering teams to meet a wide range of technological challenges
Work closely with product and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools
Define company data models using Spark
Perks:
Free medical, dental, and vision insurance
Daily lunches and fully stocked kitchen
Free public transit
Free laundry service (wash/dry clean)
Free gym membership
401k matching
Fun company parties and events
Autonomy to make decisions in a rapidly growing company
Flexible Time Off - work hard and take time when you need it
Interested? Send us your resume and let's talk!

AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

#LI-JZ1",4.7,"AppLovin
4.7","Palo Alto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
282,Data Analyst - Logistics,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"You will like working for us as we have amazing people and a highly collaborative culture. Global success hasn’t changed our tight-knit feel – we’ve simply grown into a larger, more diverse family. We have thousands of jobs around the globe and encourage all of our associates to chase their dreams without having to find them in another company – it truly is a special place.

Under the direction of Director, North America Logistics, this position is responsible for managing and creating spend analysis, operations reports, and compliance tracking for assigned Logistics Strategic and Tactical metrics globally. This position is responsible for spend for all assigned plants and transportation suppliers. Responsible for creating and monitoring daily, weekly, monthly, and summary data and reporting output , management reports, and recommendations in regards to those reports. This position ensures the accuracy, distribution, and integrity of the data using a diverse set of business intelligence tools.

Key Responsibilities:
Design and run reports for improved spend visibility, compliance and identification of productivity opportunities Distribute reports to senior leaders, division general managers, Supply Management and others as needed
Evaluate, implement and deploy new tools to assist in data analytics, market research and other aspects of data analysis
Proactively identify and lead process improvements to data analysis and reporting processes across area of responsibility
Lead data mining required for accurate spend reporting.
Coordinate data maintenance required for Oracle Freight Transportation Intelligence.
Perform routine spend analysis in support of Supply Management / Logistics sourcing events.
Provide summary and detail trend analysis of spend globally.
Develop and provide reporting for both internal and end customers.
Develop and conduct routine data audits to verify data accuracy. Identify and address root causes of problems with data integrity.
Ensure linkage of tools with effective Supply Management and Logistics practices.
Actively participate in training for Oracle OTM / FTI.
Train user in freight transportation intelligence.
Actively participates and engage with business units.
This position is in a perfect location at our corporate headquarters in Hartsville, SC and close to exciting destinations (Myrtle Beach, SC; Charleston, SC; Columbia, SC and Charlotte, NC).

Required Experience/Education:
Bachelor's degree preferred
2+ years of Data Analysis experience and aptitude
Preferred Experience/Education:
Knowledge of Oracle transportation management or similar TMS.
Prior experience on logistics.
Experience using business intelligence tools.
This is a progression experience and level will be based on candidate experience and business needs.

We care about the health and wellness of you and your family. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package that makes it easier to manage your health and provide financial security for you and your family. In addition, we offer competitive wages and retirement plans.

Apply today and help us grow stronger.

For more information, visit www.sonoco.com/careers

#LI-JF1

#GDSponsored

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any legally protected characteristic.",4.0,"Sonoco Products
4.0","Hartsville, SC",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
283,Senior Data Analyst,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Sysco Labs

Sysco LABS is a technology-focused division within Sysco, dedicated to reimagining foodservice through innovation. An extension of Sysco’s commitment to deliver exceptional products and services to the foodservice industry, Sysco LABS uses customer and market intelligence, data-driven insights and agile technology development to rethink the entire foodservice ecosystem.
Our innovation will improve everything from the ordering process, inventory, pricing and automation to the in-restaurant customer experience. Operating with the mindset of a startup and backed by the authoritative expertise of an industry leader, Sysco LABS’ mission is to improve the Sysco customer experience and consistently deliver cost savings and new innovations through technology.

About the Role

As a Senior Data Analyst at Sysco Labs, you will be responsible for driving strategies and tactics to optimize Sysco products using quantitative data, find answers to broad questions, identify patterns and trends, and make informed decisions to influence product strategy and direction.

Responsibilities
Utilize a combination of exploratory and descriptive analytics to inform product strategy and roadmap, and provide ad-hoc analyses that uncover root cause of recent business trends.
Understand data infrastructure and coordinate with Data Engineering to deliver data models and structures to meet business demands.
Design relevant data models, including outlining dimensions and measures needed, for answering business questions.
Establish and implement product data standards and best practices in order to optimize the data collection, fidelity and accuracy. Develop product measurement plans and dashboards to monitor metrics and KPIs.
Ensure optimization and validations initiatives are implemented, tracked and reviewed postproduction.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools.
Maintain a presence in the broader data and analytics community.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools, such as Tableau and Redash.
Other duties as assigned.
About You

Minimum Qualifications:
6 years’ experience in using data and analytics to drive decisions and insights.
Experience with SQL.
Experience with MixPanel or Google Analytics.
Experience with digital marketing tools such as Google Search Console, Adwords, Marin, Google DoubleClick stack, Tealium, or similar.
Experience with Tableau
Experience with JavaScript tag management.
Experience with Python Analytics/Viz packages.
Experience with R-Studio.
Experience with Data Mining tools such as RapidMiner, Opera, ProM, or similar.
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science or related field.
Experience with programmatic media.
Experience with structured and semi-structured data.
Perks at Sysco LABS:
Competitive base & bonus packages
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Brand-new high-tech office space located in the heart of East 6th St, (walking distance to the MetroRail)
Generous PTO policy
Flexible work environment that encourages work/life balance
Fully stocked break room & weekly catered lunch
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits and company 401(k) program
At Sysco LABS you will be part of a team that values trust, learning, and working together to solve problems. Your efforts will help to build groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Come join us!
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.",4.3,"Sysco Labs
4.3","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
284,Senior Manager of Data Science - Operations,$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Guild is hiring a Senior Manager of Data Science - Operations. As the Senior Manager of Data Science - Operations you will partner with our leaders across the business and lead a team of data scientists to improve our students' Guild experience.

As Senior Manager of Data Science - Operations, you will:
Partner with stakeholders across the organization to identify opportunities to use data science solutions to drive improved outcomes.
Manage large-scale projects and prioritize the team's workload to ensure effective delivery and implementation of solutions which drive our strategies forward.
Work closely with Operations leadership to translate business needs and problems into analyses. This could include uncovering a problem, identifying data sources to quantify the problem, synthesizing findings and solutions, analyzing the business case and tradeoffs, and managing the implementation of recommendations.
Develop frameworks, approaches, solutions and recommendations that effectively and efficiently address the most impactful opportunities and challenges for Guild's Operations teams.
Lead a world-class team of analysts who are responsive to our business partners' needs, and are capable of working with data, performing complex analyses, and developing recommendations and strategies which drive our business forward.
Use data to tell a story, effectively explaining analytical findings and technical solutions to business partners.
Act as a thought partner to data scientists, helping to formulate analytical plans, prioritize initiatives, and operationalize the results of learnings from complex analyses, including A/B testing, NLP, segmentation, and other predictive models.
In this role you will report to Beth Hegland and collaborate with other Guild leaders including: Kevin Chan-A-Shing, Mae Podesta, Josh Hadden-Leggett, and Terrence Cummings.

You are a strong fit for this role if you have:
8+ years of experience in an analytics/data science environment
5+ years managing high-performing technical and analytical teams
Strong technical and analytical skills, with high attention to detail and accuracy.
Strong experience with SQL, as well as Excel/Google Sheets, BI Tools (Looker a plus)
Ability to work cross-functionally to advocate for data science solutions, develop roadmaps, and ensure effective prioritization of analytical resources.
Extreme comfort presenting to and interacting with senior leaders, with the ability to win over strong personalities and reconcile competing points of view through data-driven storytelling
Preferred Competencies:
Familiarity with Operations teams in a sales or CRM environment
Proven business experience with a scripting language like Python or R
About Guild

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.4,"Guild Education
3.4","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
285,Sales & Marketing Analytics Manager (Process and Analytics Manager ),$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Vectorworks Inc. is a global design software company targeting entertainment, architecture and landscape industries with enterprising and intuitive solutions that allow users to create without limits.

Our Sales and Marketing team is looking for a Project Manager (Sales & Marketing Analytics) who is passionate about developing processes, documenting needs, and getting technical projects involving multiple teams to the finish line. Our Process and Analytics Manager (Sales & Marketing Analytics) will lead a team of technical resources who impact how we use technology to capture data and advance new solutions as our business models evolve. You will work cross functionally with our marketing, systems development and sales teams to evolve our marketing and selling capabilities.

What’s in it for you?

You will empower your team of system administrators and data analysts to work together to solve the data and system challenges we have on our Sales and Marketing teams. You will play a significant role in research, needs assessment, strategic development and execution of data-centric projects. The Process and Analytics Manager (Sales & Marketing Analytics) will act as a project manager and/or advisor on new improvements to our systems, establishing team level KPIs, and developing processes and polices to guide the team’s work.

Responsibilities:

In this role, you should expect to:

Manage our Hubspot and Salesforce system administrators, helping them uncover needs, document project plans, gain buy-in from stakeholders, set priorities and see projects to the finish line
Manage our Sales and Marketing data analyst, helping them establish KPIs, determine reporting cadence, and audit and interrogate findings to help deliver insights to our sales and marketing teams for better decision making.
Create scalable processes, procedures and custom reports to monitor the health of the databases and to identify areas of improvements that ensure best practices in lead nurturing, sales operations, database management and reporting.
Evolve our technology stack by optimizing current technologies and by researching, building a business case for, and implementing new technologies. Advocate for solutions to ensure our systems can meet evolving business needs.
Creating a long-term architecture for interdepartmental integration and cooperation to power our systems for their future growth.
Support users across multiple functional groups within Vectorworks. This includes leading and influencing changes to the architecture, implementing new business systems, creating onboarding materials to support new users, and training for new functionality.

Why do you want this job? Because you are:

Interested in leading a team of technical resources to enable our sales and marketing teams to gain better insights and make better decisions.
Seeking a challenging analytical position where you are responsible for the documentation and prioritization of technical projects to ensure we meet our company objectives.
Looking to impact the current and future growth of a company in a collaborative and diverse environment.
Interested in working on global solutions.
Qualifications:

Why do we want you? Because you have:

A Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Marketing or a related field
8+ years of related work experience
5+ years of experience with Salesforce or a similar CRM tool
5+ years of experience with HubSpot or a similar Marketing Automation tool
5+ years of experience working directly with sales/marketing teams to gather stakeholder requirements and understand the business needs of those teams
5+ years of project management experience
Basic proficiency or working knowledge of HTML and CSS
Basic proficiency or working knowledge of relational databases and using query tools such as MySQL
Proficiency with Excel macros, VBA, and creating advanced formulas (Vlookup, index, concatenate, pivot tables, etc.)
High motivation and the ability to work easily in both large team environments and independently
Experience using data to analyze and solve problems
Process minded, able to generate refined output from general concepts
Advanced proficiency in Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, SAP and other database applications
Ability to interact effectively with people from different cultures
Ability to build sustainable relationships of trust through open and interactive communication

Extra Credit:

Proficiency with BI tools such as Tableau
Experience as a system administrator for a CRM or Marketing Automation tool
Experience working with a global company and implementing projects across boarders
Proficiency using Google Analytics suite/Google Analytics Certification
Basic proficiency or working knowledge of web development (JavaScript, PHP)

Vectorworks Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer",3.1,"Vectorworks Inc.
3.1","Columbia, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
286,"Machine Learning Engineer, 1+ Years Experience",$102k-$169k (Glassdoor Est.),"Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.

We’re looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join Snap Inc! Working from our Mountain View, CA office, you will be tasked with solving interesting technical challenges such as architecting and deploying infrastructure to handle our scale, designing a slick and secure mobile client, and maintaining software used by millions every day.

What you’ll do:
Create models which help drive value for users, advertisers, and our company
Evaluate the technical tradeoffs of every decision
Perform code reviews and ensure exceptional code quality
Build robust, lasting, and scalable products
Iterate quickly without compromising quality
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Strong understanding of machine learning approaches and algorithms
Ability to prioritize tasks and work independently
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail
Experience collaborating with internal and external stakeholders at all levels of a company
Experience in solving open ambiguous problems from end to end
Possesses a desire to learn and help others
Minimum Qualifications:
BS/BA degree in technical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent years of experience
1+ years ML industry experience or PhD in related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Caffe2, PyTorch, Spark ML, scikit-learn, or related frameworks
Experience with mobile apps and/or databases
Experience working with distributed systems
M.S. degree and/or PhD in computer science or related field
Experience working with machine learning, ranking infrastructures, and system designs
Ability to proactively learn new concepts and apply them at work
At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations-ext@snap.com.",3.9,"Snap
3.9","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
287,Senior Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve a department of defense client. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, develop algorithms, write scripts to develop workflows, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help senior leadership make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in national security.

Empower change with us.

You Have:

Experience with multi-disciplinary mathematical and statistical models via programming language to large datasets to extract patterns, relationships, and anticipated behavioral likelihoods
Experience with developing tradecraft technology and training solutions for discovery, preparation, and manipulation of big data
Experience with mathematical concepts and techniques to solve complex GEOINT analysis problem sets, understand concepts associated with structured data and relational databases
Ability to identify, retrieve, manipulate, relate and exploit multiple structured and unstructured data sets from various sources, including building or generating new data sets as appropriate
Ability to interpret and evaluate the results of data science community’s methods models and algorithms, understanding the meaning, limitations and scope of the results, and translate them into insightful output for data science and mission and identifying other applications for use
Ability to initiate the efficient implementation of methods, tools, and algorithms using a comprehensive range of technologies
Ability to lead work unit proactively addressing and responding to the most difficult data science-related challenges in a timely manner while effectively balancing competing priorities
Ability to write and brief to educate managers, senior internal officers and the IC
Active TS/SCI clearance
BA or BS degree

Nice If You Have:

Experience with building and maintaining databases of GEOINT, SIGINT, and OSINT that address key intelligence questions
Experience with working on specific intelligence issues
Knowledge of GEOINT tools
Active TS/SCI with polygraph
MA or MS degree

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have the chance to:

access online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk
change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition
participate in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.

#LI-AH1, ID13, NSG1",3.9,"Booz Allen Hamilton
3.9","Macdill AFB, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1914,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
288,Data Scientist (Personal Valuation Team),$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Positioned at Publicis Groupe's core, Conversant is a marketing tech platform that helps brands transform ordinary customer experiences into meaningful, human experiences. The Conversant platform powers a connected suite of products and services called Epsilon PeopleCloud, combining leading-edge identity management, industrial-strength data and technology expertise with big brand acumen gained over five decades of working with the industry’s top brands. Our human-powered, data-led marketing delivers unmatched depth, breadth and scale to help brands create exceptional business outcomes. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com. Follow us on Twitter at @EpsilonMktg.

Job Description

External Title: Data Scientist
Internal Title: Decision Science, Scientist

As a Data Scientist in our Decision Sciences R&D organization, yyou will be responsible for researching and building machine learning, natural language processing, and recommender system applications to extend Epsilon CORE Personalization Platform. Epsilon CORE Personalization Platform analyzes anonymized data at Internet scale and evaluates more than one trillion advertising opportunities per month in real-time. You will work on real-world problems as part of our highly collaborative R&D team, and your solutions will directly and rapidly impact our business. This includes analyzing raw source data and derived data, researching and developing models, algorithms, and applications, building tools and analyses for new and existing products and presenting findings.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop an understanding of Epsilon CORE Personalization Platform and proprietary datasets
Use your machine learning expertise to research and recommend the best approaches to solving our technology and business problems
Design, implement, and validate your solutions in Apache Spark and Apache Hive using Scala or Python on large state-of-the-art computing clusters.
Work with our Engineering teams to integrate your solutions into Epsilon’s CORE Personalization Platform
Participate fully in our collaborative approach to research and applications projects

Qualifications

A Ph.D. in Computer Science, Operations Research, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, or related scientific discipline
Research experience and coursework in Optimization, Control Theory, Machine Learning, or Simulation
Experience with distributed computing, such as Hadoop, Spark, or related technologies
Familiarity with Scala, Python, SQL, or Java
Strong understanding of modeling and statistical techniques
Desire to work in a highly collaborative environment

ADDITIONAL USEFUL BUT NOT REQUIRED SKILLS

Experience with Recommender Systems, Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, Mathematical Optimization, Control Theory, Time-Series Analysis

Additional Information

Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.

Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon’s policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.

Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process.

#LI-AL1

REF17386U",3.3,"Epsilon
3.3","Chicago, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1969,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
289,Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"When you’re the best, we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future.

Summary:

In this role, you will conduct sophisticated data analysis to help address critical business and member questions, the outputs of which enable members to drive improvements in clinical, operational, and economic outcomes.

Responsibilities:

Provide analysis to identify critical issues/questions around member performance.

Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.

Generate hypotheses and analyze data to test and interpret results.

Design and develop data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions.

Communicate findings from exploratory and predictive data analysis broadly to team and leaders.

Identify improvement opportunities in reporting and BI tools and collaborate with Products Technology to implement enhancements.

Serve as the resident data expert and share best practices/approaches for statistics, machine learning techniques, data modeling, simulation and advanced mathematics.

Collaborate with key leaders and clinicians to build analytical acumen across all analytic roles in the organization.

Qualifications:

Relevant degree preferred. Advanced degree a plus.

5 or more years of relevant work experience.

Proficient programming experience using SAS/Python/R.

Demonstrated ability to manage large disparate data sets and using quantitative and qualitative analysis.

Experience effectively communicating and presenting data to a variety of audiences required.

Experience working with health care administrative claims data (ICD-10, MS-DRG, CPT/HCPCS) or electronic medical record data tools (Epic Clarity/Caboodle, Cerner CCL-Discern/PowerInsight) strongly preferred.

#LI-DM

#IDS

Equal Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender identity, ethnicity, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.",3.8,"Vizient, Inc.
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
290,Project Scientist I,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Project Scientist I

Job Details
Level
Entry
Job Location
Salt Lake City Office - West Valley City, UT
Position Type
Full Time
Travel Percentage
Up to 50%
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Science
Position Type: Full time – Non-Exempt

Organization: Field Services

Department: Salt Lake City Operations

Reports To: Operations Manager

Location & Travel: Salt Lake City, Utah & 85%- 95%

Posting Dates: 9/1/2020 – 9/20/2020

Travel around the Western United States! Each week our team works at our client facilities who cover a wide range of industries. In this role, you will set up scientific sampling equipment outdoors on smokestacks ranging from 30’ to 300’ tall. Great opportunity to work outdoors year-round using a cooperative approach with other testing team members! Training provided with opportunities for career advancement available.

BENEFITS: Paid OT (estimated $15K+ annually), paid travel time (to and from client locations), Medical, Dental, Vision AND company profit sharing program!

Position Overview:

This entry level Project Scientist I (PS1) position involves conducting air emissions testing for industrial clients. Must be willing to work outdoors or in industrial environments using a teamwork approach with other members of the testing teams. A PS1 will support the basic aspects of testing project including equipment preparation, deployment, staging/breakdown and sampling tasks assigned to them.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Safety and DOT Compliance: Successfully adheres to Health and Safety Program Manual, follows all DOT requirements as trained to do so, Proper use of Electronic Logging Device (ELD)
Conduct on-site field testing
Equipment and Mobile Lab Cleaning
Glassware Preparation
Assist in equipment mobilizations and demobilizations
Follow current standards, codes and procedures regarding safe and effective use of equipment, maintenance programs and other policies
Ensure the company is represented in a professional manner while at customer sites and in the office
Follow all test methods, procedures, and processes as trained to do so for quality source testing
Submit reports, technical data, time sheets and project expense reports
Apply sound Mechanical and Electrical skills and knowledge of “how things work”
Minimum Requirements:

Education – Must have High School Diploma. AS or BS degree preferred (Science and Engineering related fields ideal)

Experience – Use of MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook), Adobe Products and tools or equipment requiring a high degree of dexterity.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities - Good verbal communication skills (Internally and with Clients and Regulators) with professional appearance and behavior. Maintain positive attitude with ability to work well in groups and desire to achieve goals and grow into higher positions of leadership. Ability to work safely in a work and office environment, operate an Aerial Lift from the platform or deck and willingness to work at elevated heights on stack platforms up to 300 feet.

Certifications - Valid driver’s license

Physical Requirements - Flexibility to work 40+ hour week as well as some nights and weekends. Consistent standing or walking, bending, crouching or stooping, climbing ladders and/or stairs, frequent lifting of objects weighing up to 75 pounds. Distinguish between shades of color.",4.1,"Alliance Source Testing
4.1","West Valley City, UT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Unknown,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
291,"Technology-Minded, Data Professional Opportunities",$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"At VU, we help Veterans buy homes. To make that happen, we have a variety of Technology-Minded, Data Professional Opportunities. The mantra that guides all of our Technology teams is, “see a need, fill a need.” That mentality led us to create a uniquely diverse department. We don’t just maintain vendors, but, given our special line of business, we are often creating the technological solutions we need.

The VU Technology Department includes:
Data Services
Information Security
Infrastructure Services
Product Strategy
Quantitative Strategy
Software Services
For our Data Professional Opportunities, you will work on one of the above Technology teams. Examples of these roles include:
Database Administrator
Data Engineer
Data Flow Engineer
Data Architect
Data Analyst
Data Scientist
Tableau Administrator
You are a creator and a maker. Innovation is part of your DNA. You are experienced and a subject matter expert, yet hungry to keep learning.

We’re looking for someone who can be passionate about their job and have fun doing it, who will deliver results with integrity, and who enjoys finding ways to enhance the lives of others every day.

We’ll also want to know you can demonstrate some or all of these attributes:
Familiarity/experience with system analysis and design
Ability to think critically and analytically
Ideate and facilitate creative solutions
Excel in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment
Thrive in a highly cooperative work setting
Strong knowledge of SQL
Experience working with database management systems, such as SQL Server, MySQL, and MongoDB
Relevant experience in software delivery, ideally in our native tech stack: C#/ASP.NET/MVC/WCF/SQL/IIS.
Experience with common ETL tools, especially SSIS
Experience with Big Data tools, such as Hadoop, Spark, Sqoop, Hive, etc.
Familiarity working with Windows or Linux server environments
Experience supporting data-focused applications such as RabbitMQ, Redis, ElasticSearch, etc.
Familiarity with common data-modeling concepts and tools
Proficiency in basic computer technologies
No previous mortgage experience is necessary and as you grow and gain experience, opportunities across the company are available to progress your career.

Veterans United is the nation’s #1 VA lender and over 97% of our customers would recommend us. This may sound like a brag but it's only possible because we have a team of talented and committed employees working hard, every day, to make a difference for the people we serve; the men and women who sacrificed for our country. We find it’s easy to give your best when you serve the brave.

Learn more:
Glassdoor
Careers
Veterans United and its affiliates are proud to be Equal Opportunity Employers committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected classifications. Some roles may require licensure upon hire.",4.8,"Veterans United Home Loans
4.8","Columbia, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
292,(Sr) Scientist - Next Generation Sequencing,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scismic *is supporting the growth of an early stage venture backed biotechnology company that is revolutionizing the approach to genomics and genetic engineering.
Role description: *
Understand our novel automation system and develop assays, involving daily experiments on prototype platform core NGS applications.
Troubleshoot with our engineering team to support core technology development.
Share feedback with the engineering team on the prototype performance.
Optimize assay parameters for the initial applications
Work with engineering and product teams to set priorities and goals
Turn proof of concept experiments and data for the initial core applications into products and generate IP for company
QUALIFICATIONS

Required:
BS/MS/PhD in Molecular Biology or equivalent (BS/MS will need 5+ years experience)
If you are exceptional and are qualified we can skip the first two requirements, so please if you think you fit the bill.
Strong experience with molecular biology and NGS techniques: NGS library preparation including DNA-seq and/or RNA-seq, short-read sequencing (e.g. Illumina) and/or long-read sequencing (ONT, PacBio), DNA/RNA extraction, HMW DNA extraction and analysis
Familiarity with laboratory automation system and enthusiasm for working on evolving prototypes
Understanding of NGS computational analysis tools and experience interpreting NGS results
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Health insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",-1,Scismic,"Cambridge, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
293,Associate Enterprise Data Analyst,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"*** Please note, Remedi SeniorCare does NOT provide visa sponsorship****
Remedi SeniorCare is looking for an energetic IT professional to become a part of the Enterprise Data Analytics department. This person will work on a small team that will work directly with the business at all levels in developing reports and maintaining an operational data store that is critical to the ever changing business needs.
This person should be self-motivated, organized, and have strong communication skills. This role requires frequent interactions with the corporate executive team to design enhancements to our systems and create reports.

Identify key reports providing metrics for financial analysis and business operations (75%)
Work with stakeholders to develop and document reporting needs in user stories for iteration work (25%)
Utilize standard templates to translate user requirements into technical specifications in a clear manner for developers and QA.
Create workflow diagrams and technical diagrams to provide direction to developers, QA, and data architect.
Document and communicate changes, enhancements, and modifications of business requirements – through written documentation – to project managers, developers, and other stakeholders so that issues and feasible solutions are understood.
Proactively identify data discrepancies and quality issues; work to ensure data consistency and integrity with subject matter experts and data architect.
Become a SME in our data and reports so that stakeholders can understand information presented
Assess source data and identify anomalies, gaps, and lack of conformity
Design, test, validate, and publish key business intelligence reports out of Qlik
Supporting initiatives for data integrity and normalization
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Gather user requirements via interviews, questionnaires, surveys, workflow storyboards, use cases, scenarios, and other methods.
Analyze and verify data requirements for completeness, consistency, comprehensibility, feasibility, and conformance to data governance standards.
Conduct peer and stakeholder reviews of business requirements to ensure that specifications are correctly interpreted.
Develop report prototypes based on the user requirements.

Excellent listening, interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills.
Experience with relational databases – concepts and querying – Microsoft SQL Server and BI Stack preferred
Proficient with Microsoft Excel and other Office components
Experience with database reporting tools, Microsoft SSRS preferred
Strong analytical skills to understand and process complex data and then communicate to end users
Work experience as a data analyst or in related field
Ability to understand complex database design/structure with limited documentation
Ability to work with business users at all levels of the organization to gather requirements, document processes and create technical specifications
Ability to translate technical concepts into requirements.
Ability to work in a Scrum environment with formal iterations
Proven experience with business and reporting requirements analysis, elicitation, modeling, verification, and test case development.
Prior data visualization software experience a plus but not required (Qlik, Tableau, etc.)
Strong desire to learn new technologies",3.2,"Remedi SeniorCare
3.2","Towson, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
294,Investment Advisory Data Analyst,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Investment Advisory Compliance Opportunity in Financial Services

IA Data Analyst

Location: 10 Exchange Place, Jersey City, NJ 07302

INTERNAL APPLICANTS: All qualified internal applicants, irrespective of location, will be considered for all internally posted roles at this time. Compensation range displayed in internal postings is the national average, and compensation decisions will be employee-location based.

Summary:

The Investment Advisory Data Analyst works within the Investment Advisory compliance department as a lead analyst supporting the RIA Deputy Chief Compliance Officer.

Responsibilities:
Forensic Testing Develop ad hoc reports to support forensic testing efforts as part of the annual review required by rule 206(4)-7. Forensic testing will be used to test for previously unidentified issues by:
Gaining additional insight form data or other information or evidence evaluated in new ways from current information sources, and in additional ways from new information sources
Determining whether currently undiscovered circumstances are in fact, present
Exploring uncertainties
Acting on ones instincts and with skepticism, as in asking questions of what if, what about or how do we know
Quality Assurance As an extension of forensic testing, perform quality assurance on integrity of data provided by IT directly to IA compliance, or operational functions where IA Compliance has oversight.
Support Regulatory Inquiries Provide support to regulatory affairs team on regulatory data requests for RIA entities.
Assists with special projects, including creating compliance reports based upon deficiencies and/or recommendations from regulatory inquiries.
Perform Monitoring & Surveillance over business processes and controls
All other duties as assigned
Education Requirements:
Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university preferred, high school diploma (or equivalent) in combination with significant experience will be considered in lieu of degree. Minimum of high school diploma or equivalent is required.
Basic Requirements:
Two to five years of relevant work experience with a financial institution such as a broker/dealer, registered investment adviser, regulatory agency, or other financial institution.
Two to five years experience in MS SQL Server, VBA, and Excel macros
Proficiency in MS Office and various other business applications
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to operate effectively as part of a project team or individually
Be A Part Of The Team Behind Our Success!

At Advisor Group, we support more than 11,000 financial advisors, the people who help everyday Americans achieve their dreams. Were a billion-dollar business with the mentality and drive of a startup. Join us in building something special.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Advisor Group is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace and we hire the most qualified candidates without regard for age, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, language differences, nationality or national origin, family or marital status, physical, mental, and developmental abilities (or the perception of a disability), genetic information, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, skin color, social or economic class, education, work and behavioral styles, political affiliation, military service, caste, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Eligibility

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Advisor Group.

Unqualified Applications

Advisor Group does not consider applications from candidates who do not meet the minimum qualifications stated in the job posting.

Recruiting Agencies

Advisor Group only accepts candidates from contracted recruiting firms and only for searches approved prior to submissions. Fees will not be paid for unsolicited submissions.",3.5,"Advisor Group
3.5","Jersey City, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Brokerage Services,Finance,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
295,"Quantitative Analyst, Investing Intelligence",$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you an Analytics Indiana Jones? Do you enjoy digging up unique insights in the strangest, most remote datasets, but you know how to properly handle artifacts? If you answered “yes” to any of those questions, then we would love to talk with you about joining our Investing Intelligence team as a Quantitative Analyst

Our purpose at The Motley Fool is to help people become Smarter, Happier, and Richer. We educate people on everything from how to choose the best credit card to how to make the most of their 401(k). The Economist has called The Motley Fool “an ethical oasis” within the financial industry, and we are looking to expand our unique brand of advice to even more kinds of financial conundrums.

If you think you have what it takes to join our band of merry Fools, please send us your resume and Foolishly written cover letter!

Required Qualifications:
• You have undergraduate training in either Statistics, Finance, Economics or a similar discipline and 4 years of applied experience. Or, you have a similar graduate degree with 2 years of experience.

• You’re fascinated by markets and investing. You’ve either applied your quantitative skills to markets as a professional or as a passionate hobbyist. (Self-taught hackers who can show their skills are always welcome!)

• You write terse, powerful code in R or Python, both for interactive analysis and building robust, analytics systems.

• SQL is your jam. You don't just query a database – you interrogate it. Bonus points for advanced experience building functions and stored procedures and comfort specifically with SQL Server and PostgreSQL.

• You find unconventional solutions to questions that aren't covered in textbooks. You're comfortable working with dirty data, nonparametric analysis and drawing conclusions from incomple inf...

Preferred Skills:
• You got the jokes in the last section.

• You have experience working with financial data, particularly index development, factor research, strategy backtesting and performance attribution.

• You can tell your histograms from your Lorenz curves and know your way around visualization tools, like ggplot2 and matplotlib, and reporting platforms, like Periscope Data and Tableau.

• You’re a full stack quant and know how to get your hands dirty with less glamorous tasks like data cleaning and ETL. You've developed robust ETL pipelines, using tools like Talend, Xplenty and Microsoft SSIS.

Key Projects and Responsibilities:

• Collaborate with the other analysts on original alpha research, searching the universe for factors that help our models beat the stock market

• Conduct Brinson and factor-based performance attribution to help the Fool’s fundamental research analysts and services understand their performance and make better decisions.

• Help design and implement a robust system meant to keep data from various sources clean and flowing to the team’s research

• Conduct ad-hoc research for stakeholders across the marketing, product and investing teams into what investment strategies and policies generate the best returns

• Pitch in on efforts to infuse data-driven investing insights throughout our business lines.",4.6,"The Motley Fool
4.6","Alexandria, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
296,Data & Analytics Consultant,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"WHO WE LOOK FOR

An SEI Consultant is a master communicator and active listener who understands how to navigate an audience. Self-aware, almost to a fault, SEI consultants keenly understand how to adjust their approach based on the situation. Following a logical, fact-based approach, our consultants possess the superior ability to see correlations others may not, ask the right questions and drive solutions.

As super-connectors, our consultants connect not only people, but data, trends and experiences. Mature, humble, and genuine, SEI Consultants frequently go above and beyond for both their clients and their colleagues. SEI Consultants are ethical and trustworthy individuals who do what they say. SEI Consultants have an insatiable curiosity and love to learn. These individuals are commonly tech savvy and early adopters. Their passion for learning is infectious and excites others.

As every project is different, an SEI Consultant must be adaptable and comfortable with unexpected situations. An SEI Consultant must be at ease with ambiguity because although a client knows that a problem exists – they need SEI to figure it out and drive a solution. SEI Consultants define ambition differently. SEI Consultants are authentic, low-maintenance individuals who like to hang out with colleagues outside of work. Whether it be cooking, traveling, hiking, or volunteering, SEI Consultants enjoy working with genuine, thoughtful folks who want to steer clear of the traditional grind and share the joy of day-to-day life and activities with colleagues, friends and family.

WHAT WE DO

Our consultants work with clients at all levels of the organization, from the C-suite to the shop floor, helping them to deliver on their most strategic initiatives. We’re known for making realistic, data-driven decisions that deliver value in tangible ways to our clients. Our clients ask for us on projects that require a superior combination of technical and business capabilities, people and management skills, and a collaborative mindset. We excel in understanding complex programs and strategic initiatives and breaking them into actionable pieces.

We are actively looking for professionals in the following areas:
Data Strategy and Governance
Database Architecture and Development
Data Analysis
Reporting and Data Visualization
The ideal candidate will:
Have experience understanding and solving real business problems
Solid writing and speaking skills to support data storytelling
Ideal candidates may call themselves Data Engineers, Data Scientists and Analysts and Data Governance professionals. Experience may include but is not limited to the following:
Experience with statistical and mathematical modeling, artificial intelligence and machine learning software and methods
Specialization in architecting enterprise solutions with visualizations and data-discovery tools such as Tableau, QlikView, Spotfire, Amazon Web Services, Cloud, Salesforce
Technical capabilities that include designing scalable data architectures, solution performance tuning, and hardware sizing
Experience and knowledge of programming and scripting languages, such as , Python, Java, C#, PL/SQL, R and SAS
Experience and knowledge of relational and dimensional database structures, theories, principles, and practice used in data warehousing and analytics solutions
Experience managing, populating, and querying database technologies including RDBMS, NOSQL, and big data platforms and experience working with these technologies' ecosystems
QUALIFICATIONS

Required
Demonstrated business and technology acumen
Proven track record of delivering results
Experience working with and/or leading a team
Ability to work independently
Ability to work across industries, roles, functions & technologies
Positive can-do attitude
A curiosity for new technology
Authorization for permanent employment in the United States (this position is not eligible for immigration sponsorship)
Preferred
Bachelor’s degree (Mathematics, Computer Science, or related field preferred)
8+ years professional experience
Consulting experience
Experience across our service offerings",4.6,"SEI
4.6","Phoenix, AZ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
297,Product Research and Development Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"PURPOSE OF THE JOB

Do you have ideas? Do you look at a product and often say that it would be great if it could do ""x""... or if it could have “this new feature or benefit” or do you often hear others saying what they find missing and you can decipher what they really want or need?

Lead new product development, innovation, and renovation for Owens Corning Fiberglass Building Insulation business. This role is responsible for owning product development and innovation opportunities through developing new product and optimizing and improving existing products. Also, the role encompasses being accountable for the design, coordination and execution of ethnographic, qualitative, and quantitative research methods to define end-user needs. This position works closely with Product Managers, R&D, Legal and Manufacturing.

Join an organization that believes that every employee owns a piece of our bold growth goals and ultimate success. We are a market-leading innovator that has placed on the Fortune 500®. Owens Corning is devoted to delivering sustainable solutions across our three business segments while striving to ensure our people and products make the world a better place. We take pride in having an inclusive and diverse workplace with employees around the globe. A holistic sense of community exists across our entire organization as our talent grows globally. We are a company that fully recognizes the importance of paving a path to a sustainable and safe enterprise through investing in our people. Our desire to make an impactful difference in the world flows from top down to all levels of the organization. By being a company that instills pride within each and every employee, we aspire to build market-leading businesses; global in scope - human in scale.

Reports to: Product Research & Development Leader (R&D)

Span of Control: Individual contributor

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Product Research & Development, Innovation and Product Improvement
Drive for innovation, product development and product differentiation to enhance product portfolio and establishes current and new products as a competitive advantage from consumer and financial perspectives with focus on innovation or renovation.

Assist in generating technical insights which can lead to discovering product intellectual property and novelty.
Identifies, understands and models the habits, choices and unarticulated needs of both our customers and end-users.
Utilize qualitative and quantitative tools to translate customer needs into product improvement recommendations and new product development.
Apply insights into actionable items to provide value propositions and project direction.
Conceive, plan, design, and conduct independent research on processes related to the development of fiberglass insulation products. Apply advanced scientific knowledge to projects. Follow direction provided by project goals and experimental design.
Prepare prototypes in lab and trials in the plant. Coordinate testing-to include monitor, organize, and interpret results. Draw conclusions, make adjustment, suggest direction for, and implement improvements to process and products. Recognize problems and initiate corrective actions. Communicate technical results to project teams. Author summary reports on technical findings, when applicable.
Interact with cross-functional teams, including Legal, QA, Purchasing, Operation/Manufacturing, Marketing, Sales to ensure creations meet business standards and project criteria.
Interact with top technical leaders, suppliers, and industry organizations seeking new innovative solutions and technologies to address complex challenges.
Continually seek opportunities, often in conjunction with Product Engineers, Product Managers and other functions, to drive renovation, reduce overall costs and improve quality of product (as appropriate).
Drive financial results by providing product development options that differentiate the brand from other competitive products in the marketplace. Works closely with Product Managers, Sales and Product Engineers refining and addressing quality concerns and overall aesthetics of the product.
Develop mechanistic understanding based on customer needs to develop new technologies/products which deliver irresistible superiority.
Identify key physical properties and performance attributes driving end-user preferences, choices and satisfaction in the context of fiberglass-based insulation products.

JOB REQUIREMENTS

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in engineering or science field (preferably chemistry)

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:

Advanced degree in engineering or science field (preferably chemistry)
Experience in consumer branded product development and/or process
Knowledge and familiarity of developing and maintaining intellectual property portfolios including patents and technology licenses
2-3 years managing all aspects of product development/innovation from (a) concept development, to (b) project engineering and (c) cross functional program management to launch the new products on time.
2-3 years planning and conducting ethnographic fieldwork, qualitative and quantitative research. Experience with diverse data collection methods such as participant-observation, semi-structured interviewing, audiovisual techniques and survey methods. Familiarity with statistical analysis, data analysis and reporting
2-3 years working in a laboratory setting, familiarity with basic instrumentation. Experience with method or experiment development is a plus.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES:

Multi-functional leadership skills (ability to manage across functions from product marketing, operations and other R&D functions).
Demonstrated project management effectiveness in R&D and/or Manufacturing environments is strongly preferred (developing plant trials, communication plans, awareness of budget restraints, etc.).
Demonstrated track record of project leadership from concept to commercialization of large cross-functional teams.
Ability to present data to multifunctional audiences and drive the decision-making process.
Passion for understanding how things work and the ability to navigate through large data sets to provide project direction.
Ability to generate and translate innovative concepts into technically feasible and consumer-relevant products.
Ability to build strong relationships, collaborate and work across multi-functional and discipline boundaries in a dynamic, multi-project environment.
Practices safety-conscious behaviors in all operational processes and procedures.
Ability to adapt to an ever-changing environment and business.
Excellent written, presentation and verbal communication skills.
Ability to travel up to 25-40% of the time (varies depending on project need) is required

About Owens Corning

Owens Corning is a global building and industrial materials leader. The company's three integrated businesses are dedicated to the manufacture and advancement of a broad range of insulation, roofing and fiberglass composite materials. Leveraging the talents of 19,000 employees in 33 countries, Owens Corning provides innovative products, manufacturing technologies, and sustainable solutions that address energy efficiency, product safety, renewable energy, durable infrastructure, and labor productivity. These solutions provide a material difference to the company's customers and make the world a better place. Based in Toledo, Ohio, USA, the company posted 2019 sales of $7.2 billion. Founded in 1938, it has been a Fortune 500® company for 65 consecutive years. For more information, please visit www.owenscorning.com.

Owens Corning is an equal opportunity employer.",3.9,"OWENS CORNING
3.9","Granville, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1938,Company - Public,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
298,Data Architect,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.",4.4,"LSQ
4.4","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
299,Treasury Data Analyst,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
300,Sr. Big Data Analyst,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Consumption team of Decision Sciences and Transformation (DSaT) department is seeking a highly motivated Technical Business/Data Analyst to start or continue an IT career at GEICO on the Big Data project.
Teaming up with software engineers, scrum masters, leads, managers and directors, you will work in an Agile environment to make application data ingested from various partner systems consumable on the Big Data Atomic Layer.
In this role, you will coordinate with a variety of IT departments to elicit and translate high level business requirements into detailed system requirements. You will participate in the entire software development lifecycle by writing and executing test plans, finding solutions to issues during development and after deployment. You should be intellectually curious, have a solutions-oriented attitude and enjoy learning new tools and techniques.

Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
o Strong SQL, data mapping, and data profiling skills
o Working knowledge of Big Data and the Hadoop Ecosystem
o Assists developers with more complex and detailed projects including root cause analysis, gap analysis etc.
o Knowledge of Data transformation, Data management & ETL processes
o Excellent time management skills and attention to detail is required
o Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
o Strong problem-solving ability, critical thinking skills, creative/innovative thinking
o Ability and desire to learn new skills and techniques
o Ability to thrive while working on ambiguous or challenging projects
o A Bachelor's degree in a computer or information technology or currently enrolled in a degree program
Desirable Qualifications:
o At least 2 years’ experience on writing queries using SQL
o Proficient in SQL and able to extract & validate data using SQL query
o Project Management experience
o Experience documenting business and system requirements, processes, workflows and test plans
o Experience with Relational Database (Microsoft SQ, Oracle or DB2)
o Ability to work independently while supporting multiple projects in a dynamic environment
o Understanding of software development, web technologies, and testing approaches
#LI-SB1 #DI-SB
The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
GEICO Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply
Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
301,Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Phreesia is looking for an experienced and hands-on Data Scientist to join our growing Data Science Team; someone with extraordinary analytical and technical skills who is familiar with the entire lifecycle of a data science project, from data exploration, modeling and analysis, to model selection, validation, evaluation, and deployment.

You will be joining a team of especially smart, humorous, quick-witted, and dedicated coworkers, all passionate about data and improving patient access to healthcare. You will be responsible for building data products for internal consumption, near real-time business intelligence tools, and predictive models. We are looking for someone experienced in partnering with business stakeholders, translating their needs into technical solutions and answers, and then building and delivering those solutions. This role will report directly to the Associate Director of Data Science.

What You'll Do:
Leverage Phreesia's massive and ever-growing dataset to build data products that provide actionable business insights
Optimize targeted engagement strategies through modeling, forecasting, and evaluation
Develop methods to efficiently classify and characterize patient populations
Navigate and use diverse machine learning stacks in Python and R
Use NLP techniques to parse, process, and structure textual data
Quickly prototype ideas and solve complex problems by adapting creative approaches
Build customized dashboards for internal and external clients
Take ownership of data products and ensure they are properly tracked throughout their lifecycle
Write clean, well-tested, code that will stand the test of time
Be an expert communicator: you could summarize your daily progress in a tweet
What You'll Bring:
2+ years of experience in an operational Data Science role.
Professional command of Data Science and Machine Learning toolsets such as Python (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Scikit-learn), R (dplyr, tidyverse, ggplot).
MS/MA in a quantitative field such as data science, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics, computational linguistics, physics, or relevant equivalent professional experience
Experience in using statistical principles to inform decision making (experimental design, significance tests, a/b testing)
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal
Ability to organize, visualize, and present complex data in a way that tells a compelling story and drives decision making
Strong SQL skills
Experience contributing professional-level code using version control
Nice to Have:
Experience using web frameworks such as Python flask or R shiny
Experience in collaborating with Data Scientists and Data Engineers to propose, test, validate, evaluate, and deploy Machine Learning models
Experience using Apache Spark
Experience using Graph and/or search Databases (e.g. neo4j, elasticsearch)
Healthcare experience and a basic understanding of clinical terms
Who We Are:

At Phreesia, we're committed to helping healthcare organizations succeed in a fast-changing landscape—and we need smart, passionate people to help us do it. Our innovative SaaS platform offers our clients a suite of applications to manage the intake process, giving them the tools to engage patients, improve efficiency, optimize staffing and enhance clinical care.

Basically, what you do here matters, and hard work does not go unnoticed. Not only does Phreesia care about our clients, we also care about our employees. In fact, we're a three-time winner of Modern Healthcare magazine's Best Places to Work in Healthcare award. If you're interested in consistent feedback and recognition, defined career paths, and the opportunity to work with driven and engaged colleagues in a dynamic industry, this may be the right opportunity for you.

Benefits and Perks:
Variety of health plan options, dental/ vision coverage, and short/long-term and life insurance plans
401(k) savings plan
Flexible working hours
Unlimited vacation
Home office set up
Mobile phone stipends and internet reimbursement
Fitness reimbursement
100% paid maternity leave to our U.S. employees, as well as a generous maternity benefit to our employees in Canada.
Tuition and certification reimbursement, as well as other professional development opportunities
We strive to provide a diverse and inclusive environment and are an equal opportunity employer.",3.9,"Phreesia
3.9",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2005,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
302,Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"We have an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Typical responsibilities include
Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.
Cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
Analyzing data to identify patterns and trends.
Developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Devising and applying models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data.
Interpreting data to discover solutions and opportunities.
Requirements
Active Secret Clearance
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline
Desired skills
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with entity resolution
Experience with Natural Language Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.1,"NetImpact Strategies
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
303,Remote Sensing Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Posting Title:

Remote Sensing Data Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Applied Research Laboratories

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

Exploitation and analysis of remotely sensed (airborne and space-based), geospatial data for a variety of applications. Contribute to the Geospatial Laser Applications and Measurements group research tasks and objectives associated with existing projects. Explore and develop new research technologies.

----

Job Details:

Responsibilities
Develop software and algorithm solutions for remote sensing applications.
Provide guidance and technical leadership in the area of remote sensing.
Provide support in business development through proposals and sponsor engagement.
Publish and present research results.
Other related functions as assigned.
Required Qualifications


Ph.D in engineering, geoscience or other applied sciences. Demonstrated experience and proficiency in working with remotely sensed data, and data products. Applicant should have proficiency in programming for development and conceptual derivation. Applicant must be willing to work with new technologies, be highly organized, and capable of planning and coordinating multiple tasks and managing their time. The applicant should have experience with software packages for research projects. The position will require attention to detail, effective problem solving skills, and innovation. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintain a professional demeanor, work as a team member without day-to-day supervision and effectively communicate with diverse groups of clients. Regular and punctual attendance is required.

US Citizen: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.

Preferred Qualifications


Significant experience related to remote sensing applications (orbital mechanics, geodesy, geospatial statistics, climatology, meteorology, geology, ecology, and hydrology). Demonstrated experience and familiarity in working with 3-D geospatial data, data registration and big data analysis. Knowledge of 2D (imagery) and 3D geospatial data exploitation methods is also desired. Applicant should have prior experience in geospatial application solutions using novel algorithm techniques and working knowledge of processing, exploitation and dissemination workflows for airborne and space-based remote sensing. Demonstrated interpersonal communication skills and technical leadership. History of publication in relevant peer reviewed journals and/or industry conferences. Cumulative GPA of 3.0 with a 3.5 in major coursework or higher.

General Notes


An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.

Please mark ""yes"" on the application question that asks if additional materials are required. Failure to attach all additional materials listed below may result in a delay in application processing.

Salary Range


$90,000-$115,000+/negotiable depending on qualifications

Working Conditions
Working Conditions
Standard office conditions
Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
Use of manual dexterity
Some weekend, evening and holiday work
Possible interstate/intrastate travel
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest
Unoffiical college transcripts
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. This position has the option to elect the Optional Retirement Program (ORP) instead of TRS, subject to the position being 40 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.",3.9,"Applied Research Laboratories
3.9","Austin, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
304,Sr. Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Be proud of where you work, be proud of your Career. Join Navient.

We're proud of our people. Navient team members bring passion, commitment, and integrity to our business. We drive results and foster the innovation that makes us an industry leader. It's time to make that move, choose Navient as the next stepping stone in your career.

Navient (Nasdaq: NAVI) provides asset management and business processing solutions to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state, and local levels. We help our clients and millions of Americans achieve financial success through our services and support. Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, Navient employs team members in Western New York, Northeastern Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and other locations. Learn more at navient.com.

During this time of recommended social distancing, Navient will conduct telephone interviews only until it is safe and permissible to invite candidates to our offices for personal interviews. We look forward to receiving your application and appreciate your flexibility and understanding.

The Senior Data Scientist will utilize analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets.

Responsibilities include:

Data Science & Analysis
Analyze enormous amounts of data (structured and unstructured datasets)
Extract data from sources such as enterprise data warehouse, production databases, and other providers
Write machine learning models to produce desired results (shallow ML & ANNs)
Develop techniques for machine learning and predictive analytics
Create charts and other data visuals of analyzed data
Utilize NLP engines to process and correlate unstructured data
Engage with domain experts as well as senior leaders and engineers to effectively deliver interpretable results.
Python Development
Utilize Python to retrieve and prepare data for algorithm processing
Program APIs to access data on existing systems and databases
Program machine learning solutions to process large datasets
Program output to be organized and ready for presentation
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

This position will support a federal government contract. Applicants must be able to obtain Public Trust security clearance as required of federal government contractors to include a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. For this level of clearance, applicants must possess U.S citizenship.

Master's degree in Data Science, Math, Computer Science or other related area (additional experience may substitute)

2+ years experience in the following (additional education may substitute:
Programming Language(s) Python and Spark
Data Munging: SQL / Python
Data Storage / Data handling: Hadoop / Spark
Statistical Analysis & Machine Learning models
Deep Learning libraries (ex. TensorFlow / Sikit-learn / PyTorch)
Data Visualization (ex. Tableau / d3.js / Python data visualization libraries)
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience building chatbot solutions
Knowledge of PySpark API and RStudio programming
Programming user interfaces (ex. Python, Java, .net, C++, C)
Excellent technical, communication, and analytical capabilities
Demonstrated ability to complete tasks/project quickly and effectively
Able to work in an ever-changing environment and positively adapt to organizational, process, and technology changes
Software design principles
Databases and SQL
Strong knowledge of normalization methods
Strong knowledge with DL modern architectures
Numpy/Pandas experience
Software testing principles
MS TFS/Github
ETL workflows
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.3,"Navient
3.3","Fishers, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
305,Data Analyst,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:

Develop, implement, and maintain leading-edge analytic systems, taking complicated problems and building simple frameworks
Identify trends and opportunities for growth through analysis of complex data sets
Evaluate organizational methods and provide source-to-target mappings and information-model specification documents for data sets
Create best-practice reports based on data mining, analysis, and visualization
Evaluate internal systems for efficiency, problems, and inaccuracies, developing and maintaining protocols for handling, processing, and cleaning data
Work directly with management and users to gather requirements, provide status updates, and build relationships
Work closely with project managers to understand and maintain focus on their analytical needs, including identifying critical metrics and KPIs, and deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity
Create and maintain rich interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Define and implement data and integration logic, selecting appropriate combination of methods and tools within defined technology stack to ensure optimal scalability and performance of the solution
Develop and maintain databases by acquiring data from primary and secondary sources, and build scripts that will make our data evaluation process more flexible or scalable across data sets (1.) Suggest design solutions (2.) To participate and facilitate the walkthrough’ to brief the Functional Specification mapping to Business Requirements. (3.) To prepare the functional specification document and ensure for completeness and storage. (4.) To prepare and / or aid the preparation of test cases in line with functional requirements (5.) To understand the business requirements and map it to functional specifications.

Required Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in a related field and 2 years’ experience in Business Intelligence (BI) or Data Warehouses and 2 years’ experience working with SQL and Access. Four additional years of related experience will be considered in lieu of a Bachelor's degree.
5 years experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modeling (regression, correlation, clustering, etc.).
4 year of experience consulting or experience in a similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery.
3 years experience using analytics tools and languages R, Python, SAS, Oracle and SQL etc.
3 years experience combining data sets, extracting key variables, and creating new variables to enhance modeling.
3 years experience performing basic ETL functions and understanding of data quality steps/measures.
US Citizen; no dual citizenship.
Minimum of a Secret Interim clearance to start (Day 1 requirement).
CompTIA Security+ certification required to start (Day 1 requirement).
Adept at using Access, Excel, Power Point and Word.
General Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence knowledge including data modeling and Key Performance Indicators (PKIs) preferably in the SAP Business Objects environment.
AWS experience highly desired

#ind#

CDO is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"CDO Technologies Inc
3.3","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
306,Data Engineer,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Phantom AI, experience the fast paced environment and help the development of the next generation of autonomous vehicles. We are seeking a Data Engineer to help our visionary team through building a robust pipeline and handling terabytes of data.
You will be designing and implementing full-stack solutions for computing, storing, and presenting evaluation metrics using data gathered from vehicles. This will be a unique opportunity to both improve and implement a scalable pipeline that will be the backbone of the company.

Responsibilities
· Design, improve, and manage datasets
· Support technical design and implementation of demand planning automation projects that use these datasets
· Monitor and enforce data quality standards
· Hands-on coding, able to implement what was designed
· Familiar with architecting and designing tools, and self-motivated for documentation
· Optimize pipeline performance to reduce data lag and refresh time

Requirements
· 3+ years of experience working in data architecture or a related field
· 3+ years of Python Experience
· Web framework experience
· Experience building and optimizing data sets
· Deep understanding of data architecture best practices such as normalizing data structures, minimizing logic complexity, defining intuitive and consistent semantic layers, and eliminating redundancy
· Self-motivated and strong work ethic for continuous development with a strong sense of ownership

Preferred Skills
· Master’s degree in Computer Science or Data Science or work equivalent experience
· Experience with ROS
· Web development experience
· Hands-on experience in dev-ops best practices and implementations
· Demonstrated industry efficiency in the fields of database, data warehousing or data sciences",5.0,"Phantom AI
5.0","Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
307,Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Tinder brings people together. With tens of millions of users and a presence in every country on earth, our reach is expansive and rapidly growing. Tinder’s Analytics Team is looking for a Data Scientist with expertise in Analytics.

Our analytics team takes ownership of the decisions being made from our data – we develop a deep understanding of both the business and its data and establish close working relationships with all teams - including Product, Marketing, Engineering, and Finance – so that we can provide recommendations and make proposals regarding prioritization of initiatives, product launches, A/B tests, and company performance.

As a data scientist in this role, you will be a partner to the Analytics team, providing support for A/B test design and analysis as well as data-driven insights through ad-hoc analyses, presentations, and automated reports and dashboards. This role will require extensive experience with SQL, data wrangling, statistics, and A/B testing as well as the ability to work in cross-functional teams to drive actionable insights. Experience with user growth and acquisition across consumer products is a plus.

Responsibilities:

Master and own the analytical understanding of customer behavior and business performance
Build models to better understand the value and churn behavior of our users
Find the “story” in the data and communicate insights and opportunities with executive and other internal teams
Perform ongoing ad-hoc analyses to evaluate the efficiency of our marketing spend, building reporting infrastructure, and assisting in making budgeting recommendations to optimize growth
Integrate captured event data with other sources of customer data, such as surveys, ad publishers and app store data
Support reporting and business intelligence needs of the entire Marketing team

Skills Required:

3+ years of relevant experience
Ability to think objectively and interpret meaningful themes from quantitative and qualitative data
Ability to build constructive and effective relationships with a broad and diverse group of business partners
Ability to execute on complex analytics projects where you have to determine salient questions in a complex ecosystem and present action-oriented conclusions
Proficiency with SQL required
Scripting skills, preferably in Python. Strong Python/NumPy/PANDAS skills a plus
Knowledge of statistics, specifically experimental design and analysis
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint
Familiarity with common KPIs, metrics, and growth experiments
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy:

· The hustle of a startup with the impact of a global business
· Tremendous opportunity to seek some of the industry’s most exciting problems
· Working with an outstanding team of creative, fun and highly motivated people
· Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, and 401(k) match

At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.9,"Tinder
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
308,Big Data Engineer - Chicago - Future Opportunity,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"ABOUT US

Are you ready to transform an industry? At Centro we are building a comprehensive tech platform that radically increases efficiencies and impact across businesses, teams, and campaigns. Our clients can run all their digital business through Basis, with robust business intelligence, workflow automation, search and social integrations, and the number one rated DSP.
We’re taking the digital advertising world by storm and are proud to be headquartered in the rapidly growing tech hub of Chicago, with offices that span across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and London. Join us in our mission to improve the lives of everyone working in the industry!
WHY WORK WITH US?
At Centro, we believe that lasting success is achieved through continual dedication to the growth and well-being of the individual. Our people are the core of what makes Centro unique. Driven by the Centro Manifesto and our guiding principles, we look to hire the best and brightest minds—curious, passionate learners who are driven to create impact.
We are committed to building a culture of highly motivated individuals who create a positive and supportive environment together. When we work hard, stay focused, and act in service to others, we believe that anything is possible. Come grow with us!

ABOUT THE TEAM

Technology is at the core of what we do. Centro’s innovative Engineering team designs and develops new features and integrations for Basis, our industry-leading, comprehensive software solution. Our platform processes over 300 billion events per day and uses AI and machine learning to automate and simplify the entire digital campaign process.

This team is all about data—and in order to create value from the massive amount of data we collect, engineering leverages their dynamic Data Engineering, Data Science, and Business Intelligence teams to create insights that benefit the industry as a whole.

Our Tech Stack:
• Ruby, Java, Python, and React.js
• Kubernetes, Docker, Kafka
• PostgreSQL, NoSQL
• AWS

ABOUT THE ROLE

We are looking for engineers who are excited about building distributed data pipelines. We want you to help us shape our internal and external brand-new data warehouses, leveraging the latest advances of big data processing: a combination of Kafka Streams, Hadoop, and traditional RDBMS.
YOU WILL
Be a part of our Big Data team and of an overall Data Organization spanning multiple offices.
Participate in architecture discussions and bring your experience in scalable data pipelines using Kafka Streams and/or other Big Data tools.
Take ownership of design and implementation of scalable and fault tolerant projects.
Maintain and incrementally improve existing solutions.
Get to build brand new pipelines with the technology stack including Spark, Spark Structured Streaming, Kafka, Hadoop, MySql, Python.
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR
Solid understanding of distributed system fundamentals.
Experience in developing, troubleshooting, diagnosing, and performance tuning of distributed data pipelines at scale.
Demonstrated professional experience working with various components of Big Data ecosystem: Spark/Spark Streaming, Hive, Kafka/KSQL, Hadoop (or similar NoSQL ecosystem), et. al, in a production system.
Strong software engineering skills with Python.
Knowledge of some flavor of SQL (MySQL, Oracle, Hive, Impala), including the fundamentals of data modeling and performance.
EVEN BETTER IF YOU HAVE
Skills in real-time streaming applications.
Knowledge of Scala.
A development workflow using Docker containers.
Compulsion for automating your day-to-day processes.
WHAT WE OFFER
Ability to see your direct impact on a high visibility project.
An opportunity to both create new projects and help improve the existing big data pipelines.
Work in a mature, private, nationally-known company with a CEO approval of 90% on Glassdoor and a positive atmosphere in our San Francisco tech team.
401K plan with employer matching.
Commuter pre-tax contributions.
Flexible working hours and work-from-home days.
Health plan.
In-office snacks.
Organized team events.
LIFE WITH CENTRO

We take care of our people. Our team has put together a thoughtful benefits package and provides a wide range of perks, including competitive 401k matching, a tax-free health savings account, tuition reimbursement, generous maternity/paternity leave, and more.

Aside from benefits, we’re always finding new ways to invest in the personal and professional growth our employees. We’re proud to support a variety of employee-led communities that enrich our culture of uniqueness, inclusivity, and empowerment. Centro is more than a workplace.

Centro is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and support an inclusive workplace diverse in thought, perspective and culture. We celebrate all team members regardless of gender/identity, sexual orientation, race or cultural background, religion, physical disability and age. We are better together.",3.9,"Centro
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
309,Data Engineer,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"sdg is a high performance software community. sdg consultants build and deliver custom software for some of the largest and most recognizable local and national brands. In this role you will be asked to leverage your current skills and learn new ones. Working in over 200 different technologies and continually learning together, you can expect a one-of-a-kind and award winning work experience.
If you have proven experience in a handful of the following, we want to hear from you:
Git / SVN / TFS / VSTS
Jenkins / Travis / Bamboo / Go
Vagrant / Packer / Terraform
GitHub / Bamboo / GitLabs
Chef / Puppet / Ansible / SaltStack
Docker / Docker Swarm
Kubernetes / OpenShift
Power-Shell / Bash
AWS / Azure / GCP / OpenStack
Cloud Formation / Code Deploy
Spring Boot / Tomcat / WebLogic / JBoss
ELK Stack / Splunk
AMQP / RabbitMQ / Active MQ
New Relic / Dynatrace / AppDynamics / Sensu
JIRA / Rally / VersionOne
VMware / VirtualBox
F5 / Citrix / NGINX /Amazon ELB
Pipeline Design & Management
Application Lifecycle Management
Leading Cultural Change
Bonus experience:
Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experience
Success working on high performance teams
Delivered solutions in large scale enterprise environments
Prior consulting or professional services experience
Motivated to continually improve your craft, sharing and learning every day
Exceptional integrity with the desire to create the best possible customer outcomes
What's in it for you?
Full-time salaried position with sdg, a 10-time Best Place to Work
Engaged teammates who care about quality solutions
Challenging and rewarding work with great customers
Abundant opportunities to give back to the community
A company proven to make decisions based on its core values
A true stake in success. sdg is an ESOP, 100% employee owned
Year-round technology & social events to stay sharp and have fun
Membership in the best technology community in the Twin Cities",4.9,"Solution Design Group
4.9","Golden Valley, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
310,Senior Research Scientist - Cell therapy focus,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want to be involved in making an enormous positive difference in the lives of tens of millions of older patients?

We have an immediate opening for a Senior Research Scientist in Syracuse, NY; a PhD with experience in Cell Therapy, able and proven to perform research at the highest level of quality.

You will work together with our scientists to execute and troubleshoot experiments for our work on atherosclerosis. You will be responsible for ensuring the quality and documentation of the work as it progresses.

The ideal candidate will be detail oriented, recognize that we all live and die by the quality of our documentation, be able to produce quality work in a fast-paced and flexible environment, collaborate well with fellow scientists, and demonstrate the ability to learn and grow as our company expands to meet the challenges of building effective treatments to reverse aspects of aging.

The qualifications:
*PhD in cell biology, biochemistry, or related field. *
*Experience in Cell Therapy required. *Experience in iPSCs desired, but not required.
Experience in cell culture, assay development, general cellular, molecular and biochemical techniques (e.g. Western Blotting, PCR, Flow cytometry, imaging, microscopy), cell therapy, and biologic drug discovery and development are preferred but not required.
Must be able to operate independently and as a part of a team for execution of projects of varying scale.
Authorization to work in the U.S., as unfortunately we are not able to sponsor work visas
Compensation:
Competitive salary based on experience
Health benefits
Interested? Send your CV to careers at repairbiotechnologies dot com.

Job Type: Full-time

Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
8 hour shift
Company's website:
www.repairbiotechnologies.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Repair Biotechnologies,"Syracuse, NY",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
311,Principal Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Title: Principal Data Scientist

Responsibilities:
Build a data/stats-driven ad machine learning models, working closely with the product team
Constantly experiment and improve machine learning models for the recommendation/ad optimization system
Invent and analyze big data for given business cases and help implement them in production
Work with the product/engineering team to implement, test and deploy the solution on Google Cloud Platform
Core Competencies:
Passionate about machine learning and big data
Great communication about complex algorithmic works as easy-to-understand story telling
Motivated to test at billions scaled data and follow up machine learning models in product
Requirements:
Ph. D in Computer Science or Statistics, or 5 years or more of similar working experience in the technical field.
Must have hands-on Machine-learning related industry project experience.
Solid Python programming skills
Ability to work in a fast paced, test-driven collaborative and iterative programming environment
Understanding of major recommendation algorithms (Collaborative Filtering, Matrix factorization, Gradient Boosting, etc.)
Senior level understanding of Algorithms, Data Structures, and Machine Learning/Data Mining
Understanding of RDBMS, SQL and NoSQL alternatives
Bonus:
Domain and/or marketplace knowledge
Understanding of various ad optimization algorithms (CTR prediction, eCPM optimization, user targeting and segmentation, RTB and real-time optimization) is a plus
Experience with Hadoop/Hbase/Pig or PySpark is a plus
Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com.

]]>",3.6,"Tapjoy
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
312,Senior Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview:
Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals comprised of nationally-renowned educators, curriculum experts, developers, artists, writers, designers, engineers, producers, product managers, analysts and marketing experts! Together we develop engaging, effective digital learning technology and content to help children build a strong academic foundation for lifelong success.
Our flagship product ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy® is a comprehensive online curriculum and the #1 digital learning product for young children. To-date, more than 30 million children worldwide have completed over 7 billion Learning Activities on ABCmouse. We recently launched Adventure Academy, the first massively multiplayer online (MMO) game designed specifically to help elementary- and middle-school-aged children learn. It features thousands of engaging Learning Activities—including minigames, books, original animated and live action series, and more—in a fun and safe virtual world. Other Age of Learning programs include immersive English language learning products for children in China and Japan; ReadingIQ, a digital library and literacy platform; and a groundbreaking personalized, adaptive digital learning system that individualizes math instruction for every child through AI-driven technology.

We are committed to helping all children succeed. We provide our educational programs at no cost to teachers, Head Start programs, public libraries, and other community organizations, and have served millions of children through these initiatives. We recently established the Age of Learning Foundation to expand this work globally.
As we expand our global reach and increase the educational impact of our programs, we’re looking for passionate, ambitious, and collaborative leaders to become a part of our growing team.


Summary:
We are seeking a strong, highly-motivated, results-oriented Senior Data Scientist to help conduct in-depth analyses and derive relevant insights. You will be an integral part of a newly-formed central analytics team and your work will influence business operations and strategy throughout the company.
In this senior role, you will be the go-to person for advanced analytics and data science projects as well as mentoring and assisting junior analysts on our centralized data and analytics team as need be.
Responsibilities:
Partner closely with stakeholders from a variety of teams, including the executive team, curriculum, brand marketing, partnerships, strategy and customer success, to surface insights and learnings that solve key business challenges
Develop statistical analyses and build and deploy machine learning models to understand and predict customer behavior and product performance
Create, report and interpret key metrics to assess performance, measure the impact of strategic initiatives, and identify ways to grow revenue and reduce costs
Drive A/B and multivariate testing strategy and implementation of user behavior to inform media tactics, audience acquisition and targeting, churn, lifetime value, product and content recommendations and personalized experiences
Create beautiful visualizations
Communicate results to technical and non-technical stakeholders and mentor/lead more junior analysts as needed
Drive data capture and data integrity requirements while partnering with other teams so that the right data is captured
Maintain vigilant eye on data quality
Develop frameworks, models, tools, and processes to ensure data-driven decisions across org
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field and 5+ years of experience in professional data-intensive role excluding any independent data-related projects or internships that may or may not have been part of an undergraduate program
OR Master’s and/or Ph.D. in a quantitative field and 3+ years of experience in professional data-intensive role excluding any independent data-related projects or internships that may or may not have been part of an graduate program
Advanced knowledge of analytical, statistical and machine learning methods
Proficiency in SQL and complex SQL querying
Experience modeling in R and/or Python
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proven ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders
Must be intellectually curious, self-motivated, collaborative, and a team player
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience productionalizing models a plus
Experience with testing and optimization a plus, ideally in a digital environment
Experience in games or education a plus
We Provide:
Medical, Dental, Vision + 401k
Highly competitive PTO policy
Casual Dress Code
Snacks + Drinks (Coca Cola Freestyle Machine)
Gaming room including an Arcade (2,000+ games)
Frequent team and company outings
Limitless opportunities for professional growth!",3.2,"Age of Learning
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
313,Aviation Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE performs leading-edge research and development toward transformational solutions to our world’s most challenging problems. Our Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development is a Federally-Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) established to serve as strategic partners to the federal government and various aviation groups around the world. Our engineers, analysts, technical and operational experts team to solve problems in the public interest that improve the safety and efficiency of the airspace system in the U.S. and abroad. The Aviation Operations, Procedures & Safety division is seeking a highly qualified engineer to work in one of the following areas: Airspace and Procedure Design and Analysis; Airport and Airspace Analysis, Modeling and Design; Performance-Based Navigation Standards and Tools; and Aviation Safety Analysis. The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging the largest repository of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. Come join a globally recognized partner and resource for data driven solutions that impact public good. The candidate will be responsible for: - Contributing to various projects applying innovative analysis techniques across multiple challenging problems in the field of aviation. - Working closely with other engineers and scientists in the design of exploratory analyses or simulations pertaining to aviation issues. - Drawing conclusions from a wide range of aviation system data and articulating key findings in both written and verbal form. Developing data visualization products that simplify presentation of big data calculations. Qualifications: - Knowledge of programming/scripting languages (eg. Python, MATLAB, R, Perl) - Familiarity with statistical analysis packages (eg. SAS, JMP) - Familiarity with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. - Excellent written and verbal communication skills. In-person presentation and writing sample may be requested. - Experience with data visualization software (eg. Tableau, D3) - Knowledge of data processing capabilities (eg. Hadoop, Pig, Spark, SQL). Skill is desired, but not required - Experience working in the aviation domain: airport operation, air traffic control, airlines. Skill is desired, but not required BS or MS in Operations Research, Applied Mathematics/Statistics Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or other physical science/engineering

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
314,Senior Data Scientist,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to develop innovative solutions for customers and internal product teams. We look to rapidly prototype solutions and deploy the most promising of them. We identify and leverage the latest techniques (fast.ai is a team favorite) so that our customers can stay one step ahead. On every project you'll learn something new (and likely teach us something as well).

Responsibilities include:
Develop solutions spanning multiple subject areas, from NLP to image and video.
Maintain awareness of state-of-the-art machine learning and techniques, methods and platforms, including commercial and open source.
Implement, configure and test machine learning and deep learning libraries and platforms (e.g. fast.ai, TensorFlow, Keras, XGBoost, LightGBM).
Test solutions on AWS using services such as SageMaker, EC2, and Snowball Edge.
Write blog posts and presentations that clearly communicate complex machine learning concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Contribute to visually-appealing, web-enabled prototype applications that illustrate relevant machine learning capabilities.
Basic Qualifications:
Experience with Python (2+ years).
Experience with machine learning or statistics (2+ years).
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively.
High levels of curiosity, creativity, and problem-solving capabilities.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Comfortable navigating the command line.
Desired Skills:
Research experience in machine learning specific to natural language processing, computer vision, or deep learning.
Experience with managing data and creating algorithms using AWS.
Experience with R, Java, or other programming languages.
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI with polygraph required.
Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Herndon, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
315,"Director, Cloud Data Engineer Virtual Hiring Event",$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Epsilon Hiring Event!

Event Details
Date: Tuesday, September 29, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Director of CRM Strategy

Associate Director, Decision Sciences

Senior Strategic Consultant

Director of Strategic Consulting

Senior Systems Engineer

Lead Citrix Engineer

Product Security Manager

Director, Cloud Data Engineer

Intake Details:

Requirements

Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree preferred

Technical requirements

The interview will take place on Indeed's virtual interviewing platform. After you RSVP, you will find a link in your email that will lead you directly to the video interview lobby during the event. Try to find a quiet place with good lighting and a stable internet connection.

What to bring to this event

An electronic copy of your resume

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Business casual (dress pants/skirt, button down/blouse, optional tie).

About Epsilon

Positioned at the core of Publicis Groupe, Epsilon drives measurable results and outcomes for some of the world's top brands by personalizing the consumer journey with truth, proof and performance transparency. For more than 50 years, and fueled by an integrated suite of products and solutions, Epsilon combines powerful AI-led technology with the industry's most robust data to restore the balance between brands, their marketing and their customers.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Role Summary:

The Epsilon PeopleCloud Solutions team is responsible for developing Epsilon’s proprietary technology platform (Epsilon PeopleCloud) that brings technically robust, innovative and differentiable data solutions leveraging internal investments in data and technology. The team owns the development and maintenance of data science development environments, proprietary libraries and packages, and the development of machine intelligent services for product applications.

As a Director of Cloud Data Engineering, you will apply your technical knowledge and expertise as a lead member of the team, collaborating with our data science, data partnerships and product team leads to define then deliver cloud native data integrated solutions and services across the Epsilon PeopleCloud ecosystem. You will design and build highly dynamic, data-driven solutions while keeping current on the latest developments and trends in data technologies. You will have hands-on experience with cloud platforms and big data, combined with a working knowledge of data science and ML/AI trends.

Day-to-Day Responsibilities include:

Lead the design and development of technical solutions utilizing cloud data services that bridge data engineering best practices with data science ML/AI services
Provide thought leadership partnering with product and engineering teams to innovate future solutions
Contribute to the product development and platform engineering roadmaps
Design for then enforce data security and data privacy mandates in a global environment
Maintain expertise and develop team awareness and adoption of relevant emerging technologies
Mentor and lead a distributed data engineering team and leading peer-level design reviews
Manage and communicate project risks and challenges

Minimum Qualifications:

B.S. in Mathematics, Computer Science/Engineering or Statistics
5-10 years of data engineering, software development or cloud-based services experience
Minimum 3 years leading and mentoring distributed engineering teams
Applied experience with deploying cloud-based data solutions and utilizing cloud services
Applied experience working with a range of database and data integration technologies (e.g. MySQL, Hadoop distros, BigQuery, DataFlow, Redshift)
Applied experience architecting and developing micro services designs and API services
Applied experience working with DevOps frameworks and CI (e.g. Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, etc.)
Applied experience programming developing packages in Python, Java, Scala or R
Applied experience in designing ETL solutions leveraging open source, product or custom solutions
Experience working with cloud functions, micro-services and serverless designs
Experience in designing and deploying automated data validations solutions
Experience in designing data solutions leveraging enterprise identity and access management services
Applied knowledge of developing compliant solutions with global data security and privacy regulations
Proficiency in building Machine Learning data pipelines and automation
Demonstrated ability to communicate solutions in terms of technical and functional design documents.",3.3,"Epsilon
3.3","Irving, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1969,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
316,"R&D Scientist, Sr.",$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Improve Lives—that’s what drives us. It’s what makes us better, more innovative, more compelled to work harder. What we do is develop superior point-of-care rapid testing solutions for healthcare providers around the world; what we help create is healthier lives and communities.
Position Summary*: This position is responsible for planning, organizing and performing experiments to develop and refine state-of-the-art assays for the detection of infectious diseases.
Duties & Responsibilities* include but are not limited to:
° Conduct assay system development, optimization and validation.

° Provide direction and guidance to lab scientists, technicians and other technical personnel solving unresolved technical difficulties in assay implementation and routine operation, when such problems arise

° Run experiments to evaluate new laboratory instrumentation and equipment for laboratory testing in cooperation with the equipment manufacturer.

° Prepare technical SOP's.

° Applies quantitative methods: analyzes data, evaluates results, forms conclusions, and provides/implements process or document improvements.

° Assist and/or coordinate technical transfer of new assays and procedures to appropriate departments.

° In cooperation with the R & D Director, assist in the training of laboratory personnel on new procedures and/or equipment.

° Strong expertise in troubleshooting

° Good reporting skills in technical reports as required for review and approval

° Able to communicate at various levels with professionals with different expertise.

° Keep Director and/or VP of Product Development informed about status of on-going projects.

° Help supervisor(s) implementing clinical diagnostic products or services in compliance with industry regulations.

° Maintain awareness of current and developing technologies.

° Interact with Academic Associates and other outside sources of emerging technologies, science and materials.

Qualifications Required*:

° Master’s with 3+ years’ experience or a PhD

° Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite, requires excellent communication and writing skills

° Experience in infectious diseases is desirable

° Knowledge of regulations and standards affecting IVDs is desirable

° Previous laboratory experience in immuno assay-development and other valuable experience, such as: planning and working within a timeline, knowledge in protein/antibody function as well as bio-analytical background.
COMPANY PROFILE*
Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc. is a public company serving the increasing global demand for rapid tests needed for the effective prevention and treatment of infectious diseases and other conditions. Located minutes off the Long Island Expressway in Medford, NY, Chembio operates a research and manufacturing facility that is registered with the US FDA.

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation

For more information about Chembio Diagnostic Systems Inc., please visit our website.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc.
2.6","Medford, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
317,Senior Big Data Engineer,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want to be part of the transformation that's pushing forward a truly data-driven company? Are you ready to collaborate and innovate with a team responsible for changing the customer experience using the latest technologies? As a Senior Big Data Engineer on the GEICO IT squad, you’ll thrive in a fast-paced innovative culture that turns data into information and uses that information to drive action. One focus is our Single View of the Customer (SVOC) initiative. As part of this team you will be designing, creating, and populating customer centric data stores necessary for deriving valuable insights in real time to provide tailored customer experiences. As a senior engineer you will have the opportunity to mentor more junior associates and help grow our team.
When you first join our SVOC team, you will have opportunity to come up to speed on the innovative technologies we use to develop SVOC!

Basic Qualifications:

o At least 2 years as a Big Data Engineer/Developer on the Hadoop Ecosystem, with experience in data profiling and transformations
o At least 2 years of experience using Spark core, or Spark SQL,
o Experience with core Java (and/or Scala, Python)
o Experience with NoSQL databases such as HBase, Cassandra, or MongoDB
o Proficient in designing efficient and robust ETL/ELT workflows, schedulers, and event-based triggers
o Strong critical thinking, decision making, and problem-solving skills
o Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
o A Bachelor's degree in a computer related field or equivalent professional experience is required

Preferred Skills:

o Exposure to Spark Streaming and Machine Learning
o Exposure to Data Mining, Data Engineering, and Data Modeling
o Exposure to Graph Databases
Note: The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

As a full-time Senior Big Data Engineer, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including:
• Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**
• Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave
• 401(k) Plan with Profit Sharing
• Tuition Reimbursement
• Paid Training and Licensures
Benefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service.
*Coverage begins with the pay period after hire date. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply
Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.

#DI-AT

#GDOORIT
#LI-AT1",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
318,Big Data Admin/Architect Cloud Engineer,$78k-$129k (Glassdoor Est.),"If you have a passion for Data Cloud Engineer, looking for long term career growth & opportunity, then we want to hear from you!

You will work with a client services team as a part of our offering with our data platform—the ability to support and influence product roadmap also (data side). _We do not want a data scientist who prepares or engineers data._

The ideal candidate will be working on or in charge of client projects to use cloud-based data tools to create automated data pipelines into our platform or for a client-specific deliverable or purpose.
Responsibilities: *
Design and construct large relational databases
Integrate new systems with existing in-house structure
Perform security assessment of potential risks
Refine system performance and functionality
Provide architecture guidance and support to technical leads
Research new technologies and develop proofs of concept
Qualifications: *
Previous experience in database architecture, development, or other related fields
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Ability to prioritize and multitask
Deadline and detail-oriented
Work Experience with *
Cloud service and other query and big data tools
ETL, SQL, T-SQL, or a structured query language (Required)
Scala, Python, Spark-SQL, Spark
MongoDB, ElasticSearch, Hadoop, Hive, Snowflake, Redshift (Postgre equivalent)
AWS/Linux Experience (Required)
JSON
API/Microservices/REST
Nice to Have Work Experience *
Healthcare or clinical data experience – diagnostic labs, diagnosis codes, procedure codes, medications, etc. Healthcare or research data experience
Health data standards and Research Data Standards (FDA)
CDISC SDTM www.cdisc.org (clinical trial submission format)
ANSI-x12 – for healthcare 837/835
NCPDP (pharmacy standard)
OMOP
Data Science Experience - Cloud automated and extending product
Education Requirement: *
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or Engineering or equivalent experience.
REMOTE* working as long as you are located in the USA and have reliable internet.
\*\*\* This is a W2 direct-hire, no C2C, no visa sponsorship or transfers for this role: All candidates must be authorized to work for any employer in the United States and not require visa sponsorship or transfer, now or in the future; resumes from 3rd parties will not be accepted. \*\*\*

About:

This role is with a well-funded start-up company. They have a passion for rapidly delivering patient therapies and interventions. End-Client offers employees competitive benefits to support a healthy and positive workplace and personal life. Benefits: Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, Holiday/Sick time, remote work culture, stock options

Keywords: Healthcare, Clinical, Pharmaceutical, Llabcorp, Pfizer, Bayer, AstraZeneca, Parexel, Abbott, Healthcare Diagnostics, Health Care Diagnostics, pharmaceuticals, biopharmaceutical, life science, Life Science, Strategy & Digital, Booz & Co., McKesson, Amgen, Amazon EMR, Amazon Cognito, AWS Identity & access management, AWS Single Sign-On (SSO), AWS Directory Service, Python, Hive, R, Spark, NoSQL, Scala, MapReduce, HBase, HDFS, MongoDB, SPLUNK

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
We are looking for someone in the Irvine area so they can in-office meetings when needed.

Experience:
(Hadoop: 4 years (Required)
Performance tuning: 4 years (Preferred)
Hortonworks and/or Elastic Search work: 4 years (Preferred)
Agile SDLC processes: 4 years (Preferred)
Amazon (AWS).: 4 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Irvine, CA (Preferred)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Proticom,"Irvine, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
319,Associate Director RWE Data Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you have expertise in, and passion for Medical Affairs in Oncology? Would you like to apply your expertise to impact the Associate Director RWE Data Scientist role in a company that

follows the science and turns ideas into life changing medicines? Then AstraZeneca might be the one for you!

At AstraZeneca, we put patients first and strive to meet their unmet needs worldwide. Working here means being entrepreneurial, thinking big and working together to make the impossible a reality. If you are swift to action, confident to lead, willing to collaborate, and curious about what science can do, then youre our kind of person.

AstraZenecas vision in Oncology is to help patients by redefining the cancer-treatment paradigm, with the aim of bringing six new cancer medicines to patients between 2013 and 2020. A broad pipeline of next generation medicines is focused principally on four disease areas - breast, ovarian, lung and hematological cancers. As well as other tumor types, these are being targeted through five key platforms -immunotherapy, the genetic drivers of cancer and resistance, DNA damage repair, HER2 and antibody drug conjugates, underpinned by personalized healthcare and biomarker technologies.

The Role

The ideal candidate for this role will bring a proven track record of delivering value through the leverage of routinely collected data from healthcare settings to provide health analytics and insights in a range of contexts including Public Health, Pharmaceutical Research and Development and Commercial/ Payer.

They will collaborate with colleagues in Epidemiology, Statistics and Payer, giving scientific and technical guidance on study design, RW data selection and best practice in RW data utilization.

In addition, they will assist in advancing and shaping AZs Real World Science data strategy through the due diligence on new data providers/vendors, informatics support for data acquisitions in a range of Therapeutic Areas.

The role will promote best practice in Real World Data Science across multiple domains, and/or stakeholder groups.

Typical Accountabilities
Collaborate with Payer and Epidemiology teams to maximise the value derived from large observational research data
Deliver analyses of data from EMR, claims and primary observational data required by TA RWE strategies
Support the development of IVS strategies and selection of optimised contact models for prioritised markets through analysis of RWD
Provide scientific guidance on the application of Real World Evidence and observational research data to address issues across the Oncology and Biopharmaceuticals business units
Provide technical input, options and directions to strategic decisions made by AZ observational study teams on study design, data partner selection and best practices in RWE data utilization
Support technical teams to provide access to analytical tools and develop visual analytics to enable self-serving applications for end customers
Provide clear technical input, options, and direction to strategic decisions on RWE platform and capability build
Provide support for strategic decisions on AZ Medical Evidence and Observational Research external collaborations in the US and other markets
Assist in building a capability that becomes a source of sustained competitive advantage for AZ in identifying, acquiring, integrating and mining diverse RW data from multiple geographic and healthcare system sources to support evidence generation and real-world studies
Evaluate and assess strengths and weaknesses of external RW data sources, and potential partners for advancing the data strategy for specific therapeutic areas
Maintain a strong insight into the capabilities of potential external partners in RWE, especially for US and emerging markets.
Education, Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Essential
PhD or MS in data science or other advanced degree in life sciences with post doctoral or other training/work in Medical/Health Informatics or related field
Experience in real-world evidence and familiarity with health economics/epidemiology, and quantitative science such as health outcome modelling
Expertise in EMR/Health IT, disease registries, and insurance claims databases
Experience in Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) generation and execution for observational studies
Expertise in methods development and application using statistical languages such as R/Matlab/SAS/SQL/Hadoop/Python
Experience in advanced visualisation and visual analytics of routinely collected healthcare data
Desirable
Expertise in clinical data standards, medical terminologies and controlled vocabularies used in healthcare data and ontologies (ICD9/10/ReadCode)
Experience in supporting pharmacoepidemiology studies with proven track record of advancing approaches with data science
Expertise in data mining approaches within healthcare settings generating insight from routinely collected healthcare data
A history of patient care or equivalent background of working at a patient care setting that allows the candidate to bring medical perspective into real-world evidence generation and observational studies
Demonstrated ability to build long-term relationships with stakeholders at senior levels, understand relevant scientific/business challenges at a deep level and translate into a programme of informatics activities to deliver defined value
Ability to lead & manage multi-disciplinary data science projects
Strong track record of delivering large, cross functional projects
Experience working in a global organization and delivering global solutions
Use of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence in the generation of hypotheses within Real World Data
Why AstraZeneca?

At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognizing their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organization to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means were opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.

Are you already imagining yourself joining our team? Good, because we cant wait to hear from you.

Where can I find out more?

Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/

Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/

Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
320,Journeyman Data Scientist/Analyst,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

JOB SUMMARY:

The Intelligence and Homeland Security Group of Leidos is seeking a Journeyman Data Scientist for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required in order to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insight and trends in Human Capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance Human Capital Analysis across the IC. Centralize Intelligence Community Chief Human Capital Office (IC CHCO) data collection and synthesis, including survey data enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data driven problem solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operations questions; and incorporate insight and findings into a range of products

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Active TS/SCI with polygraph.
8+ years demonstrated core experience in the Labor Category area.
Demonstrated knowledge of the Intelligence Community.
Demonstrated experience performing data analysis and modeling on an independent (i.e., without significant guidance or direction) basis.
Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.
Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).
Preferred experiences include but not limited to C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.
Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.
Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative - tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.
Demonstrated five (5) years expertise in supporting quantitative and analytic efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.
Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.
Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.
Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on*line and automated survey instruments.
Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields and requisite experience. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Bethesda, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
321,Senior Food Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Food Scientist *
We’re looking for a Product Developer/ Senior Food Scientist who thrives on the excitement of developing and innovating natural syrup products and contributing to project teams that are re-shaping the product portfolio.

YOU are a passionate product developer with a history of successful launches. Your background includes formulation experience across multiple manufacturing processes, ingredient types, and product lines. You have a strong understanding of flavor chemistry and can create amazing flavor combinations. You prefer to work in a high-energy, collaborative product development environment where you can take initiative. You’re practiced at taking new product ideas from concept through commercialization.

You’re the type of person who moves easily from project to project. You are a ‘go-to’ for development of natural flavor systems and ingredient functionality. Your “can do” attitude, relationship-building talent, and engaging communication skills make you an effective partner in and outside of Torani.

Look out a year from now: You’re being recognized as one of our most innovative contributors. You’ve developed an “out-of-the-box” formulation for a new natural syrup that exceeded expectations. You have become the anchor of the syrup cultivation team.
SUCCESS FACTORS (FIRST 12-18 MONTHS) *
_Overall _

 *New Products*: You have renovated and commercialized one product line and key line extensions at target cost, on time, and on trend. You’ve delivered amazing, customer-preferred, easy-to-use flavor with simple, natural ingredients.

 *Formula Renovation*: You have used your bench skills to improve existing products to beat competition in preference taste tests.

 *Collaboration*: Strong relationships are in place across the organization and with external partners, as demonstrated by the successful, smooth launch of new products and integrated ways of working with partner functions. You are a leader on the R+D team.

 *Project Management: * Your project management excellence is evident through fulfillment of your product plans and milestones. You are a go-to product development expert and go between line extension, cost optimization, and flavor improvement initiatives. You are detail oriented and can stick to set timelines.

 *Expertise: * Has brought synergistic technical expertise to enhance our capabilities, and has helped us deliver the more natural, simple profiles that have expanded our product portfolio and grown our new product business.

 *Has a little fun along the way! *
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS & ATTRIBUTES: *
 Bachelor’s Degree in food science or related discipline, Master’s preferred
At least 7 years of relevant, progressive experience in beverage or flavor product development
 Successfully developed consumer-preferred, delicious products with no artificial ingredients
 Experience developing products from concept to commercialization, including: Writing and documenting formulas and specifications, Calculating costs, Conducting plant trials Positive collaboration with internal and external manufacturing partners
 Implemented test protocols for sensory and shelf life studies
 Demonstrated experience in applied flavor chemistry
 Practiced with working in product data management systems (eg Oracle PLM or similar)
 Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects well
 Live in SF Bay Area or willing to relocate at own expense
 Eligible to work in US without sponsorship (now & in the future)
 Proficient in Word, Excel, and Outlook

Torani is one of the fastest growing and dynamic specialty food companies in the Bay Area. Perhaps you’ve been wondering if there’s a right company fit, where you might combine your deep expertise with purposeful work. If your core beliefs and values resonate with “Flavor for All, Opportunity for All”, we hope you’ll feel the spark. We’re dedicated to bringing our superb portfolio of natural flavorful products to people of diverse needs and incomes. And while our legacy of team and community focus started quietly in our passion for people development, it will flourish with B Corp certification. Torani is recognized as one of the most fun, friendly and warm companies you’ll come across.
_*_
_*_*

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Oracle: 1 year (Preferred)
Excel: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft Word: 1 year (Preferred)
Communication Skills: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft Outlook: 1 year (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative",3.5,"Torani
3.5","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
322,Development Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Development Scientist
Location


SEATTLE - Bothell, WA

Company Order #

1775

Apply Now

AGC Biologics is a leading global Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization, with a deep commitment to improving life quality by bringing new biopharmaceuticals to market. Because of our dedication to building and empowering our internal teams, AGC Biologics is an innovative leader in the industry with an extensive network of cGMP facilities in the US, Europe and Asia. As such, we deliver a deep expertise, dynamic solutions and technologies, as well as customized services for the scale-up and cGMP manufacturing of protein-based therapeutics. We forge exceptionally strong partnerships with our clients, and we never lose sight of our pledge to deliver a reliable and compliant drug substance supply. Right. On time. For more information, visit www.agcbio.com.

SUMMARY:

The Development Scientist in the Upstream Process Development group will support the development, scale-up, and transfer of mammalian cell culture processes to GMP manufacturing for the production of recombinant therapeutic proteins

PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with clients and internal project teams in the successful completion of contract manufacturing projects.
Coordinate bench scale experiments leading up to clinical and commercial manufacturing.
Present data to project teams in verbal and written reports.
Take a leadership role within the department for developing and improving cell culture processes:
Develop, coordinate, and communicate experimental plans within the department
Execute and manage shake flask and bench scale bioreactor experiments
Manage large data sets and provide technical guidance to others in the analysis and interpretation of data
Write development protocols and characterization reports
Coordinate activities and experiments with project management, manufacturing, purification development, and analytical development
Provide technical support to manufacturing during large scale manufacturing campaigns
Contribute to the overall operation of the lab and infrastructure improvements
Provide technical support in the laboratory as necessary
Troubleshooting process control instrumentation
Implementation of new equipment and technology
Provide technical and strategic planning support to business development activities with respect to new client projects and new business initiatives.
Contribute to technology development—goal of increasing efficiency and productivity of manufacturing processes through cell culture media and process development
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES:
Demonstrated experience in a mammalian cell culture and bioreactor lab environment
Excellent technical writing and presentation skills
Previous supervisory, technical guidance and leadership experience
Entrepreneurial/business aptitude with interest in growing a contract manufacturing business
Good interpersonal relationship skills required for working with clients
Previous experience with process validation activities and knowledge of large scale manufacturing activities in a GMP environment
Experience with JMP or other statistical analysis tools would be beneficial
EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
PhD (or equivalent experience) in life science or engineering with a minimum of 3-8 years of industrial experience in cell culture process development related to manufacturing biotherapeutics
AGC Biologics offers a highly competitive compensation package and a friendly, collaborative culture that values personal initiative and professional achievement. AGC Biologics is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.",3.3,"AGC Biologics
3.3","Bothell, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
323,Data Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist

As Data Scientist at HP Inc. in San Diego, you will join an industry-leading organization and work on developing frameworks for systematic data science modeling to identify optimal marketing, pricing and sales decisions for our Printing & PC business. Working within a dynamic, highly skilled and diverse Pricing Strategy and Analytics team (economists, engineers, scientists or even musicians – majority of them with a PhD) you will build models and develop tools and analytical processes to develop pricing and marketing strategies for HP printers, cartridges and PCs around the world.

Responsibilities:

Develop and apply statistical methods to analyze the effect of pricing and sales decisions on business performance
Develop and implement frameworks and processes for systematic and automated data analysis
Develop tools to ingest, merge, and clean data sets
Immerse yourself in very large data sets and complex problems
Visualize and interpret the results of analyses, and create strategy recommendations
Present the results and the corresponding recommendations to the relevant stakeholders, including senior leadership

Qualifications:

Interest in data science, pricing, economics, and/or consumer behavior
Scientific thinking and ability to design and critically analyze quantitative research
Ability to think creatively about research problems and invent original solutions to modeling challenges
Ability to build and interpret complex linear regression models, with machine learning experience a plus
Knowledge of and experience in deploying numerical optimization routines
Proficiency with Python and R is required
Strong analytical skills, with a high level of attention to detail
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Nice-To-Haves:

Knowledge of price optimization approaches, price discrimination models and a general knowledge of main concepts from the industrial organization literature
Experience working with large data sets
Experience in data engineering
Exposure to digital marketing
Experience working in or collaborating with industry
Experience creating data visualizations
Ability to build dashboards and other tools using front-end development skills
Experience in software development

Education & Experience

Bachelor’s, Master's or PhD degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Economics, Quantitative Marketing, Mathematics, Physics or equivalent
1-3 years’ experience including graduate or postgraduate research",4.1,"HP
4.1","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
324,AWS Data Engineer,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"AWS Data Engineer Northern, VA

AWS Data Engineer


Minimum Requirements
Active SECRET clearance preferred; Clearable US Citizen with NAIC (National background check) may also apply
5 years Data Engineering experience AND a BA Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Sciences, or equivalent; 4 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education.
Working knowledge of agile software development, DevSecOps, and AWS native solutions including API Gateway, S3, and Lambda is required.
Preferred Experience
Knowledge of several of the following areas is desirable: DevSecOps, Active Server Pages, JavaScript, Python, HTML, and AWS native applications including S3, WAF, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFront, DynamoDB, Transcribe, Athena, Simple Queue Service, QuikSight, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, KMS, and Cognito.
Job Duties
Provide development support to the Scrum Master in an agile software development environment in AWS.
Works as a key member of an AWS native solution software development team and works to identify risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments.
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details
Location – Arlington, Virginia
Travel Required – N/A
If travel is required, how much? 0%
Work Schedule (Shift etc.): Day Shift
Authorization to work in US required
8570 Requirements: N/A
NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Tagged as: AWS Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
325,Senior Data Engineer,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"AutoPets, the inventor, manufacturer, and retailer of the Litter-Robot, Feeder-Robot, and Litterbox.com, is an international leader in developing highly functional pet products that make pet care easier and more enjoyable. Launched in 2000 by founder and CEO Brad Baxter, the Litter-Robot is the highest-rated automatic, self-cleaning litter box on the market. AutoPets is a 2017-2020 Inc. 5000 company based in Auburn Hills, Michigan and Juneau, Wisconsin, with 125+ passionate employees who are dedicated to improving the future of pet care. If we sound like a team you’re interested in joining, keep reading!

AutoPets is seeking an experienced *Senior* *Data Engineer* to partner with the CFO and Information Technology team to lead AutoPets’ efforts in building its first business intelligence platform. We are looking for a passionate data junkie who loves digging into data sources, extracting key information from these systems, engineering solutions, analyzing results and wants to blaze the trail building a business intelligence platform from the ground up. AutoPets is a group of passionate engineers, product developers and marketers, who are data hungry and ready for a company-wide solution to inform the business decisions of its key stakeholders.
Responsibilities*
Partner with multiple stakeholders to deliver end-to-end analytics solutions
Develop both short and long-term solutions to ensure our key stakeholders have the data they need for today and tomorrow
Architect an Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) using best-in-class tools and technology
Design and implement efficient data pipelines in order to integrate data from a variety of sources into a EDW.
Determine reporting needs and integrate with business intelligence visualization tools
Assess and understand underlying architecture of our eCommerce, Fulfillment, and Robot-operational databases and implement changes to support better reporting
Design and implement backfill or other warehouse data management processes
Develop and execute testing strategies to ensure high quality warehouse data that reconciled with financial statements
Provide documentation, training, and consulting for data warehouse users
Provide input and feedback to support continuous improvement in the evolution of the data warehouse
High-Level 2-Year Scope of Projects*
Build a best-in-class data warehouse using current technology (Snowflake, Redshift, Big Query)
Assessment and mapping of all key data sources including Magento, SAP, Salesforce and in-house systems
Extract, transform and load key data sources to the Data Warehouse using a Saas tool (Fivetran, Segment, Strict)
Implementation of a visualization tool (Looker, Tableau, etc)
Build-out and automation of dashboards containing KPIs across all departments
Requirements*
Degree in math, statistics, computer science, or equivalent technical field
5+ years in a Data Engineering or Data Warehousing role
5+ years experience in an e-Commerce, direct-to-consumer company, including familiarity working with customer data (lifetime value, customer acquisition cost, churn rate, etc.)
3-5 years experience as an Analyst using data to interpret business trends and make recommendations to leaders
Experience with big data technologies (Snowflake, Redshift, Hive, etc.)
Experience with ETL fundamentals and building efficient data pipelines
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and MySQL
Highly knowledgeable in data warehouse methodologies and models (Inmon / Kimball)
Experience with cloud services: Google and/or AWS
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages (Python, PHP, Java, C++, Scala, etc)
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
We are following all State mandated guidelines.

Experience:
big data technologies (Snowflake, Redshift, Hive, etc.): 1 year (Preferred)
ETL fundamentals and building efficient data pipelines: 1 year (Preferred)
Data Engineering or Data Warehousing: 5 years (Required)
relational SQL and NoSQL databases: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Auburn Hills, MI 48326 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://www.litter-robot.com/about-us.html
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"AutoPets
5.0","Auburn Hills, MI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
326,Senior Data Scientist 4 Artificial Intelligence,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311095

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.8,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
327,Machine Learning Engineer,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Video & Image Understanding Group develops and applies cutting-edge computer vision and deep learning techniques to solve problems in object detection, recognition, localization & tracking; biometrics; 3D scene reconstruction; threat detection; vision-aided navigation; and situational awareness. Our projects integrate algorithmic research, software engineering, and application system development to produce innovative capabilities that address challenging national security problems. We actively collaborate with research engineers across STR, as well as with academic researchers and industry partners to develop practical and powerful computer vision solutions.

The Role:
Develop, implement and evaluate machine learning algorithms to detect, segment, classify and track objects in diverse imaging modalities.
Apply machine learning techniques to integrate information from multiple looks and multiple modalities to improve scene understanding capabilities.
Develop and apply transfer learning and domain adaptation techniques to solve scene understanding problems where limited measured training data is available.
Perform data analysis on experimental data and identify performance improvement strategies.
Transition machine learning algorithms to prototype and/or real-time systems demonstrations.
Who You Are:
BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related technical discipline
Strong scientific software development skills
Independent analytical problem-solving skills
Experience in machine learning techniques, particularly deep learning
Motivated collaborator and excellent communicator to both technical and non-technical audiences
Some Other Relevant Skills You May Have:
Experience with Python and C/C++
Experience in developing and applying machine learning techniques to solving computer vision problems",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Beavercreek, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
328,Application Scientist -- Formulas,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Role Summary:

As an Application Scientist, you will be responsible for developing and validating new product testing procedures and processes for the Cleaning Formulas Division, refining or modifying existing testing and understanding and establishing industry standards to support new formula development and performance. This team member will also provide technical support to increase the sales of the existing and new product lines through delivering current and compelling technical information to increase the relevancy of these products in the market place.

Essential Responsibilities:
Serve as an application expert working collaboratively to drive the product line development strategy, based on market needs and technical capabilities
Planning and generation of applications data and protocols to support current products and new product development including analysis of competitive products
Design and execute experiments aimed at developing applications for specific end user needs
Coordinate chemical and physical property studies at external labs to generate data needed for global products and registrations
Engage in continuous learning and skill development, including both scientific and laboratory technology education
Serves as a resource and develop technical information for product development on product concepts, labeling claims and other work streams that will ensure a successful launch of the product
Prepare technical reports and other promotional materials to highlight the benefits of cleaning formulas and functional chemicals
Interface with other departments such as Engineering, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Sales, Marketing and Sourcing
Communicate effectively within a multi-functional team and build strong partnerships both internally and externally
Guide and mentor junior team member's activities as assigned
Qualifications/Requirements:
2-5 years' of professional experience (or advanced degree)
Preferred area of study: Chemistry
Related industry experience preferably in Formulations / Cleaning Industry
Experience with product development from bench to commercialization
Exceptional in independent analytical assessment, problem solving and decision making
Experience with procedures, concepts and principles within product development, formulations, cleaning chemistry, and design of experiments
Good business judgment and ability to align scientific goals with business objectives
Must be adaptable with ability and willingness to independently manage multiple priorities and business demands that continuously shift in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Must be hands on with continuous drive for development, improvement and success, in both the product category and personal growth
Strong interpersonal skills with relationship building acumen. Able to work effectively in a highly cross-functional team and with internal and external resources
Strong written and verbal communication skills including effective presentation skills, one-on-one communication, and report writing
Ability and willingness to travel domestically and internationally
Disclaimer

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this position. This document is subject to change at any time and is not intended to be exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required by employees with this position title. The physical requirements described on the supplemental Occupational Worksheet are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made upon request.

#LI-CC1

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled",3.3,"TTI Floor Care North America Inc.
3.3","Charlotte, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
329,Sr. Machine Learning Engineer,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

UFG offers you an award-winning workplace and a trustworthy, financially stable company. While we’ve always known our commitment to employees and financial stewardship, it is good to have others recognize our dedicated efforts. We've been named an Iowa Top Workplace by the Des Moines Register for four consecutive years, and included on Forbes’ “America’s Most Trustworthy Financial Companies” every year since 2014. Additionally, UFG is a super-regional property and casualty insurer rated “A” (Excellent) by A.M. Best Company.

We are seeking a Senior Machine Learning Engineer who is capable of solving hard data science problems and building the Analytics as a Service ecosystem necessary to deliver those solutions to our customers. We are seeking candidates who enjoy having autonomy in their work, take pride in seeing their work directly impact the lives of others, and are as ambitious as we are in capturing significant market opportunities. The ideal candidate will possess strong technical and communication skills, as well as proven experience in developing and deploying machine learning in a real-time operational environment.

This position can be located at any of our regional UFG Offices or remotely from anywhere in the US.

INDHP

Responsibilities:
Collaborate with our data scientists to design, train, and deploy machine learning model
Integrate modelling solutions into our overall technical platform
Architect, develop, and automate data pipelines and systems that reliably support production ML models and model-driven services
Build & maintain a production-ready experimentation platform to run models in parallel
Work with our engineers to deploy scalable infrastructure that support product features, DS/ML R&D projects, and big data analytics services
Prepare and preprocess data in collaboration with the data engineering team
Fine tune performance to optimize user response times and model execution
Strong knowledge of converting the trained model into REST or SOAP APIs to expose as web services
Socialize and mentor other engineers in best practices
Research opportunities for data acquisition and new uses for existing data
Collaborate with data scientists, architects, data analysts and engineers to support technical and product roadmap planning
Qualifications:

Education:

Competencies typically acquired through a Masters or Ph.D. (in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or other STEM field of study)

Experience:

Proven track record of successfully architecting and building highly available, low latency systems for high traffic applications
Experience developing and delivering ML-based services and product features into commercial software applications

Knowledge, skills & abilities:

Intuition on how to architect scalable distributed computing systems for machine learning
Familiarity with machine learning and parallel processing pipelines, experience with implementation in low-latency real-time platforms and/or scalable offline batch processes
Highly proficient in Python and experience using common DS/ML frameworks such as scipy, scikit-learn, TensorFlow/Keras, etc.
Solid foundation of computer science, software engineering, and system architecture design principles
Understanding of data structures, data modeling and software architecture
Knowledge of Hadoop or other distributing computing systems
Ability to write robust code in SQL, Python, and Java
Comfortable configuring, deploying, and managing cloud resources (GCP, AWS, etc) for your projects
Job scheduling technologies and containerization for isolated development shouldn’t be foreign concepts to you
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with significant uncertainty
Pragmatic approach to problem-solving
Desire to always be learning, and a collaborative team-player attitude",4.2,"United Fire Group
4.2","Cedar Rapids, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1946,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
330,"Senior Scientist/Manager, Conjugation",$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Primary function in the Downstream Process group of Process and Manufacturing Sciences in development, optimization and characterization of antibody-drug-conjugate (ADC) conjugations. Participate in core Downstream Process development and activities for antibody purification. Interface with analytical team in development of ADC-specific analytical methods for characterization of clinical, commercial and new products.

Lead the development, optimization and characterization of scalable, efficient and cost-effective ADC conjugation processes for current and new products.
Technology transfer of conjugation processes and technical support of third-party manufacturers (CMO).
Provide technical support for commercial manufacturing activities.
Experimental investigations to support conjugation-related deviations.
Work closely in a cross-functional team with the Upstream, Downstream, Drug Product and Analytical groups in the Process and Manufacturing Sciences Department.
Direct participation in Downstream Process development (antibody) activities
Work with Analytical group in development of ADC analytical methods
Prepare SOPs, technical reports, data summaries and CMC related documents required for various regulatory submissions.
It is each employee’s responsibility to perform their work properly and ensure a product or service meets the current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) requirements for Safety, Identity, Strength, Purity, and Quality. It is each employee’s responsibility to immediately report observations regarding anything that deviates from established standards to their supervisor and to the Quality function.

Ph. D. or M.S. in chemistry, biochemistry or related field
5 years in Pharmaceutical/biotech
Expertise in ADC conjugation processes
Analytical methods and characterization of ADCs
Experience with downstream antibody purification
Experience with automated chromatography platforms/processes (ex. AKTA)
UF/DF processes
Written and oral communication.
Additional competencies (nice to have):
Fluency in the regulatory guidance documents pursuant to ADCs and monoclonal antibodies.
Understanding of cGMP and compliance requirements.
Analytical method development
Formulations",2.8,"Immunomedics, Inc.
2.8","Morris Plains, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1982,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
331,Data Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"A Career with Point72’s MI Data team
At Point72 MI Data, our Data Scientists sift through petabytes of unstructured data from diverse sources to discover trends and insights that help Point72’s Portfolio Managers create new investment theses. We combine an experiment-based approach with the strongest possible management support and the freedom to innovate unencumbered by bureaucracy. We encourage our Data Scientists to imagine the impossible, and provide the structure to bring those ideas to market in months, not years.
What you’ll do
Our Data Scientists conduct research through data mining and statistical modeling to discover insights from Big Data that are used by our investment professionals to make investment decisions. You will have the opportunity to work in a highly collegial environment that emphasizes teaching and learning as a team. In this role, you will:
Tackle the challenges of featurizing and modeling large and unstructured data using machine learning and statistical techniques
Manage all aspects of the research and execution process including methodology selection, data collection and quality, modeling and analysis, and performance monitoring
Deliver research findings to investment teams, portfolio managers, and other internal clients
Work within a team to help drive technical innovation through a collaborative R&D process

What’s required
We look for candidates with extensive knowledge in machine learning, statistical models, and data mining tools, and a proven track record of working with large structured and unstructured data sets to extract timely, actionable insights. Other requirements include:
MS or PhD degree in a quantitative discipline
3+ years of industry working experience in a role that requires advanced statistical analysis
3+ years of hands-on working experience with varied and complex data sets
Strong programming skills in the following languages: SQL, Python (preferred), R, Scala, Spark
Ability to think creatively and see the big picture as well as finer details

We take care of our people
We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide:
Fully-paid health care benefits
Generous parental and family leave policies
Mental and physical wellness programs
Tuition assistance
A 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more

About Point72
Point72 Asset Management is a global firm led by Steven Cohen that invests in multiple asset classes and strategies worldwide. Resting on more than a quarter-century of investing experience, we seek to be the industry’s premier asset manager through delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, adhering to the highest ethical standards, and offering the greatest opportunities to the industry’s brightest talent. We’re inventing the future of finance by revolutionizing how we develop our people and how we use data to shape our thinking.",3.8,"Point72
3.8","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
332,Senior Research Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description
The Senior Research Scientist provides analysis, leadership and support for scientific studies, contract deliverables, data requests, and database maintenance activities utilizing the OPTN database, research analysis datasets and other sources of data as necessary. The current vacancy would be best filled some someone with an established history of obtaining and executing grant-funded research and an extensive track record of peer reviewed publication.
Key Responsibilities:
· Serves as subject matter expert in one or more areas: organ-specific research; transplantation systems; donor and/or OPO programs; immunosuppression; transplantation outcomes; performance analysis; research methodology; or transplantation finances.
· Participate in business development activities including meeting with prospective clients, identifying strategic opportunities in areas of value and work with teams to market those opportunities.
· Designs and conducts quantitative and qualitative research in the field of organ transplantation in order to complete contract deliverables and other special project of scientific value.
· Responsible for the development, direction and execution of research studies related to OPTN committees or other scientific inquiry.
· Serve as primary interface with organ-specific OPTN committees. Provide analytical support and respond to requests from committees.
· Directs the work of research analysts in support of committee work and other scientific inquiry studies. Mentors the Research Analysts Lead and manage highly complex transplantation-related projects for both committee and non-committee related activities.
· Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.
· Lead project teams and monitor project costs
· Plan/direct the preparation of proposals of significant technical complexity, contract value or strategic importance.
· Direct and oversee information gathering; review technical data and information summaries.
· Collaborate with other researchers and transplantation professionals on presentations and publications
· Collaborate with Philanthropy team to identify research projects ripe for grant funding and work together to seek out and apply for grant funded opportunities.
· Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements
· PhD with 8 years of related research experience (to include Graduate Assistant work) required. Also will consider a Master’s degree with 6+ years of professional work experience.
Critical Skills
· Basic competence in R, SQL, and SAS programming is preferred.
· Foundational knowledge of modeling paradigms and complexity theory
· Strong research skills
· Must have ability/experience in writing grants and contract proposals.
· Must have demonstrated ability to do independent research
· Ability to work effectively in a team environment
· Must have excellent oral and written communication skills.
· Must be self-motivated and able to work independently and within teams.
· Design and development of simulation models from subject matter expert specifications
· Qualitative or quantitative data collection and analysis
· Must have demonstrated ability to do independent research.
Additional Skills and Qualifications
· 5 years of experience in healthcare research is preferred.
· 8 years of epidemiology, bioinformatics or other related research experience required.
· Experience in developing and leading research/analytical studies is preferred.
Education
Advanced degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, Epidemiology, Public Health, Health Services Research or other related field of study, or equivalent level of research experience required. PhD is highly desired.
Physical Requirements
· General office demands
· Some overnight travel
.wm-ab-launcher-spinner { height: 100%; left: 0; position: absolute; top: 0; width: 100%; } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner::before { animation: wm-ab-spin 1.5s linear infinite; border: 2px solid #f3f3f3; border-radius: 50%; border-top: 2px solid transparent; content: ''; height: 18px; left: calc(50% - 9px); position: absolute; top: calc(50% - 9px); width: 18px; } @keyframes wm-ab-spin { 0% { transform: rotate(0deg); } 100% { transform: rotate(360deg); } } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner { height: 100%; left: 0; position: absolute; top: 0; width: 100%; } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner::before { animation: wm-ab-spin 1.5s linear infinite; border: 2px solid #f3f3f3; border-radius: 50%; border-top: 2px solid transparent; content: ''; height: 18px; left: calc(50% - 9px); position: absolute; top: calc(50% - 9px); width: 18px; } @keyframes wm-ab-spin { 0% { transform: rotate(0deg); } 100% { transform: rotate(360deg); } } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner { height: 100%; left: 0; position: absolute; top: 0; width: 100%; } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner::before { animation: wm-ab-spin 1.5s linear infinite; border: 2px solid #f3f3f3; border-radius: 50%; border-top: 2px solid transparent; content: ''; height: 18px; left: calc(50% - 9px); position: absolute; top: calc(50% - 9px); width: 18px; } @keyframes wm-ab-spin { 0% { transform: rotate(0deg); } 100% { transform: rotate(360deg); } }
About the Position
Position Description
The Senior Research Scientist provides analysis, leadership and support for scientific studies, contract deliverables, data requests, and database maintenance activities utilizing the OPTN database, research analysis datasets and other sources of data as necessary. The current vacancy would be best filled some someone with an established history of obtaining and executing grant-funded research and an extensive track record of peer reviewed publication.
Key Responsibilities:
· Serves as subject matter expert in one or more areas: organ-specific research; transplantation systems; donor and/or OPO programs; immunosuppression; transplantation outcomes; performance analysis; research methodology; or transplantation finances.
· Participate in business development activities including meeting with prospective clients, identifying strategic opportunities in areas of value and work with teams to market those opportunities.
· Designs and conducts quantitative and qualitative research in the field of organ transplantation in order to complete contract deliverables and other special project of scientific value.
· Responsible for the development, direction and execution of research studies related to OPTN committees or other scientific inquiry.
· Serve as primary interface with organ-specific OPTN committees. Provide analytical support and respond to requests from committees.
· Directs the work of research analysts in support of committee work and other scientific inquiry studies. Mentors the Research Analysts Lead and manage highly complex transplantation-related projects for both committee and non-committee related activities.
· Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.
· Lead project teams and monitor project costs
· Plan/direct the preparation of proposals of significant technical complexity, contract value or strategic importance.
· Direct and oversee information gathering; review technical data and information summaries.
· Collaborate with other researchers and transplantation professionals on presentations and publications
· Collaborate with Philanthropy team to identify research projects ripe for grant funding and work together to seek out and apply for grant funded opportunities.
· Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements
· PhD with 8 years of related research experience (to include Graduate Assistant work) required. Also will consider a Master’s degree with 6+ years of professional work experience.
Critical Skills
· Basic competence in R, SQL, and SAS programming is preferred.
· Foundational knowledge of modeling paradigms and complexity theory
· Strong research skills
· Must have ability/experience in writing grants and contract proposals.
· Must have demonstrated ability to do independent research
· Ability to work effectively in a team environment
· Must have excellent oral and written communication skills.
· Must be self-motivated and able to work independently and within teams.
· Design and development of simulation models from subject matter expert specifications
· Qualitative or quantitative data collection and analysis
· Must have demonstrated ability to do independent research.
Additional Skills and Qualifications
· 5 years of experience in healthcare research is preferred.
· 8 years of epidemiology, bioinformatics or other related research experience required.
· Experience in developing and leading research/analytical studies is preferred.
Education
Advanced degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, Epidemiology, Public Health, Health Services Research or other related field of study, or equivalent level of research experience required. PhD is highly desired.
Physical Requirements
· General office demands
· Some overnight travel
About Us
The United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) coordinates the nation’s organ transplant system, providing vital services to meet the needs of men, women and children awaiting lifesaving organ transplants. Based in Richmond, Va., UNOS is a private, nonprofit membership organization.
UNOS members encompass every transplant hospital, tissue matching laboratory and organ procurement organization in the United States, as well as voluntary health and professional societies, ethicists, transplant patients and organ donor advocates.
Top workplace in Richmond since 2013
UNOS is a great place to work! We’re one of only a few organizations to be named a top work place in Richmond by the Richmond Times Dispatchfor 6 years in a row.
Virginia Values Veterans Certified
UNOS is V3-certified! V3- Certified companies work with the Department of Veterans Services and other strategic partners to support Virginia’s Veterans.
UNOS Benefits
For information on UNOS, including more information on employee benefits, take a look at the UNOS Employee Benefits Summary.
Authorization
Must be authorized to work in the US. Sponsorship is not available for this position.
Agency Statement
No Agencies Please.
UNOS provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. It will not unlawfully discriminate or permit harassment against any employee or applicant on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, familial or marital status, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, genetic information, or any other characteristics or classification protected under applicable law (“protected categories”). This policy applies not only to hiring, but also to working conditions, benefits and privileges of employment, training, appointments for advancement, transfers, layoffs, recalls, terminations of employment and all other terms and conditions of employment.
UNOS is also an affirmative action employer. It takes affirmative action to recruit and provide opportunities for advancement to qualified females and minorities, individuals with disabilities, special disabled veterans and other protected veterans. It hires and promotes based on job-related requirements and individual qualifications. Action is taken to ensure the fulfillment of this policy as to all phases of the employment process including hiring, placement, training, upgrading, transfers and/or demotions, recruiting, layoffs and termination of employment.
UNOS invites individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to identify themselves, if they wish to do so. Such communication will be kept as confidential as possible and will be used only in accordance with the law. Candidates may contact the EEO/AA Officer at employment@unos.org to self-identify or request an accommodation.
EEO is the Law | EEO is the Law Supplement | E-Verify Participation English/Spanish | Right to Work | Right to Work Spanish | Pay Transparency",3.4,"United Network for Organ Sharing
3.4","Richmond, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
333,Senior Healthcare Data Analyst - Cost and Utilization Analysis,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary:

The Senior Healthcare Data Analyst is responsible for providing analysis and recommendations regarding the Utilization and Cost of Behavioral Health Services at Community Behavioral Health.This position will provide analysis of based on Budget to Actual utilization and PMPM of services as well as coordinate with various departments including Finance, Data Informatics, Clinical and Provider Network Management in the determination of recommendations regarding Utilization and Cost findings.

Essential Functions:

·Coordinate with various CBH teams and departments through effective communication, report generation, solution development and team building.

·Provide or work with various departments to provide, and present various complex financial analyses and reports to Utilization Management Committee, the Clinical, Finance and Network Operations Departments.

·Maintain, modify and create SQL code used for financial analysis and reports.

·Identify, research and bring to resolution any issues with the financial data and reports.

·Develop detailed financial projections.

·Review monthly Quality Assurance Reports prior to issuance to Finance Executive Staff.

·Coordinate the processing of compliance claims adjustments and reporting results to the Compliance Department.

·Development of Value Based Contracting Models and Evaluation of Value Based Contracting.

Position Requirements:

·Education: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics or Mathematics

·License/Certification: N/A

·Relevant Work Experience: Minimum of 5 years of experience in financial forecasting and analysis

·Skills:

·Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Office applications

·Proficient in using SQL, including querying and troubleshooting

·Thorough understanding of data manipulations and reconciliation

·Excellent analytical skills

·Excellent interpersonal and verbal and written communication skills

·Able to work independently",3.3,"Community Behavioral Health
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
334,Senior Data Analyst,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Looking for an innovative, creative, passionate, and fun company in OC? Then, let us introduce ourselves. We are MobilityWare and we make fun for a living! Our mobile games have been rocking the app store since its inception and we regularly show up in top lists for most popular games. We recently reached over 350 million downloads across our portfolio of games!

We've been voted 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018 Best Places to Work in Orange County by the Orange County Business Journal and OC Register! Headquartered in Irvine, CA., our flagship game, Solitaire, was released on the day the App Store opened in 2008. Other titles include Blackjack, FreeCell, Destination Solitaire and Spider Solitaire, to name a few. Our vision is to create the most exciting mobile games and have fun doing it.

Position Summary

As a Data Analyst, you will support the product team within depth analyses related to in-game activity, user behaviors, retention, funnel and monetization analysis, and provide insights to enhance the user experience. Your work will directly influence what features are built, prioritization of the roadmap and estimate expected return on these efforts. You'll be responsible for creating, monitoring and building dashboards, models and ad hoc analyses to support product efforts to drive user retention and in-game monetization. In addition to the product team, you will work closely with the DBAs, Marketing, and Monetization teams to create actionable insights.

Responsibilities
Create in-depth analyses, tools and dashboards to highlight the in-game behaviors that drive revenue activities and user retention
Work with our marketing and product teams to deliver insights into user performance and make recommendations that enhance the user acquisition activities
Work as a key member of the BI team to support in-game analyses including review of events captured, troubleshooting data discrepancies, and anomalies
Work closely with the monetization team on continuous forecasting of various revenue models
Stay up to date on current and upcoming innovations and capabilities in the mobile gaming space
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree (advanced preferred) in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Math, Economics or in Computer Science with Modeling/Data Science coursework
3+ Years Work Experience in gaming or mobile gaming analytics, including experience with building predictive models
Advanced SQL skills
Familiarity with relational databases, MS SQL, data transformation, data mining, and ad hoc analysis
Experience with statistical inference and advanced analytics techniques (A|B testing, ANOVA, regression, decision trees etc.)
Understanding of basic Data Engineering principles like ETL and data warehousing
Familiarity with customer data platforms (CDP) like deltaDNA, LeanPlum, TreasureData etc.
Ability to work productively with others in a highly collaborative manner
Why you should work for us:
Awesome Perks: free lunch, free snacks, free drink, free Annual Company trip
Casual workplace - yes, flip flops and shorts are pretty much an everyday thing
Growth, growth, growth - we are growing and we would love for you to join us on the ride
We also want to take care of our team so we've got profit sharing incentives, medical, dental (100% paid), vision (100% paid), Unlimited PTO/Vacation, life insurance (100% paid), and 401K
Awesome office smack dab in the middle of OC and 2 minutes off the 5 freeway
Amazing talent: We've got some heavy hitters from the industry who embody both brilliance AND humility",4.4,"MobilityWare
4.4","Irvine, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
335,"Data Scientist II, Product Analytics",$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity


At Livongo, data is at the heart of our culture of innovation. We're looking for a Data Science analytics team member to collaborate with Product Management and Marketing as we work toward optimizing our UX and messaging.

As a Data Scientist, Product Analytics your main focus will be to measure member experience and guide product decisions, ultimately making Livongo's products more valuable, delightful and intuitive to our Members. We're looking for someone with at least 2 years of experience in Data Analytics. In addition to technical data science skills, core competencies such as collaboration, decision-making, communication and flexibility will be key to your success.

This role offers the challenge and excitement of converting data analysis into real-life benefits. Come help us break new ground, while measurably improving lives and saving millions in healthcare costs.

Responsibilities
Provide insights about our products and member experience to inform Product teams for roadmap and feature decisions
Conduct exploratory analysis and develop statistical models to answer key product usage and engagement questions
Help Product and Marketing teams use experimentation (A/B testing) and cohorting to test assumptions and launch new marketing campaigns, features and product releases
Partner with Product teams to define and benchmark metrics for new features launches and initiatives and help create a culture of measurement
Candidate Profile
2+ years of work experience in product/data analytics or a related discipline
Data science experience (SQL, Python, R) and familiarity with managing large data sets
A general knowledge of machine learning approaches is a plus.
The ability to collaborate and communicate with Product Managers and help them craft hypotheses, and define and measure KPIs
Confidence working with ambiguity, unknown variables, and missing context (and the ability to find ways to bridge those gaps when necessary)
A self-starter approach, with strong motivation and drive for excellence
BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related filed in lieu of degree, relevant work experience and/or trade school
Why Join Livongo?


The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

#LivongoIPO #appliedhealthsignals

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.",4.7,"Livongo
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
336,Market Data Analyst,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are seeking a creative, data driven Marketing Analyst to join our fast paced, growing organization. Candidate is responsible for researching product and manufacturing trends, evaluating campaign results and making recommendations for growth and operating efficiency improvements to our management team. The ideal candidate will have experience with complex data mining/analysis and implementation. This is a growth position with upward mobility. Complete benefit package includes medical, dental, vision life insurance, student loan repayment assistance and a 401(k) company matched contribution.

Responsibilities:
Evaluate market trends and patterns to suggest new & complementary products
Manage Distribution Price List and analyze market data to identify cause and effect relationships
Evaluate product, pricing, placement (distribution channels) and promotion (advertisements/marketing campaigns) and present recommendations to management
Work closely with Distribution Channel Partners to grow market share in under-represented markets
Examine return on investment of marketing campaigns
Travel to customers and industry events to gather market intelligence
Visit other Amphenol Business Units domestically and internationally to learn best-practices and facilitate implementation internally
Work closely with Sales and Marketing to track competitive landscape and market trends
Requirements:
Undergraduate or Masters degree in Marketing, Business, Engineering or related field
Demonstrated aptitude for analytics
Proven record of leadership in a work setting and/or through extracurricular activities
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Preferred:
1-3 years of experience in a fast-paced global manufacturing environment
“An Equal Opportunity Employer” Minority/Female/Disabled/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity or National Origin"" Drug free workplance.

ITAR - The candidate must be able to legally work in the United States; we are unable to provide sponsorship. Position requires candidate to be a US Person as defined in ITAR, 22 CFR 120.15 (US Citizenship or Resident Alien Status) and defined by 8 USC 1101(a) (20).

Apply for This Position",3.5,"SV Microwave
3.5","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1991,Company - Public,Telecommunications Manufacturing,Telecommunications,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
337,SAP Data Analyst,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:
The SAP Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data and the ERP architecture to support business intelligence. In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies and controls to ensure enterprise data is accurate, complete, secure and reliable. The SAP Data Analyst will oversee data structures, design the ERP reporting strategy and provide system training. The SAP Data Analyst will ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the process to support the data quality. The analyst must be proficient with SAP reporting tools and willing to keep up with industry trends for continuous improvement.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Define reporting requirements and analyze data for business intelligence and systems integration.
• Establish enterprise master data requirements and troubleshoot issues with cross-functional teams.
• Consults with users to develop an understanding of business needs and support those needs using application and tools.
• Manage production support activities for all user requests using Exelixis’ ticketing system.
• Utilizes Exelixis IT department policies, methodologies, standards and guidelines with regard to systems development and/or software package selection.
• Manages business and technical subject matter experts to implement and maintain systems.
• Conducts research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
• Maintain current and create new system documentation as needed; coordinates with Finance Systems Analyst to perform testing of system modifications.
• Develops or coordinates system training including educational tools and materials.
• Maintains regulated systems and audit IT general controls for compliance (SOX, 21 CFR Part 11).
• Generates and maintains computer system’s validation documentation, if required.
• Project management of system upgrades and implementations.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and seven years of related experience;
• MA/MS degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and five years of related experience;
• Equivalent combination of education ad SAP reporting experience in an active support role.

Experience:
• Financial background is strongly encouraged as this position will need to have a good understanding of financial concepts and reporting requirements.
• Seven years working experience with SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP BW. Experience in report design and analyzing data structures is required.
• S/4 HANA, SAP Analytics for Office and other add-in reporting experience, such as Tableau, is strongly desired.
• Experience authoring and/or executing functional specification documents.
• Experience participating in audits for GxP or SOX compliance preferred
• Experience with GxP Validated Computer Systems is preferred.
• Experience in drug discovery, pharmaceutical or related industry is preferred.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Applies solid analytical and business communication skills.
• Strong financial reporting background and knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Identifies and implements methods and procedures to achieve results.
• Ability to lead the work of other by providing guidance to teams based on organizational goals and company policy, with responsibility for results, including costs and methods.
• Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles (SDLC), theories, concepts and techniques.
• Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
• Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
338,Machine Learning Engineer,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Opportunity overview

Cohere Health is simplifying healthcare for patients, their doctors, and all those who are important in a patient's healthcare experience. Our focus is to enable an efficient, transparent patient journey where patient goals are central to decision-making.

We are a mission-driven and fast-growing company obsessed with eliminating the wasteful friction patients and doctors experience, particularly for diagnoses that require expensive procedures or medications. To that end, we build products and services that ensure the appropriate plan of care is understood and expeditiously approved, so that patients and doctors can focus on health, rather than payment or administrative hassles.

In this role, you'll join our growing team of world-class engineers, statisticians, and clinical experts to deploy machine learning algorithms that help automate burdensome administrative clinical practices. You will be tasked with finding the most promising opportunities for impact and then delivering on them.

What you will do:
Find the signal in incoherent clinical data
Build reliable and scalable production machine learning systems
Work on feature engineering, statistical analysis, developing novel ML techniques, understanding classifier performance, and ensuring fit-for-purpose.
Work cross-functionally across diverse stakeholders, including product managers, statisticians, EHR data specialists and physicians.
What you will have:
You have at 3 years experience in applied ML in the industry with a degree or higher (MS/PhD) in computer science, machine learning, mathematics or similar field
Clear understanding of model building, model maintenance and the measures that optimize models for product use
Understand experimental design and can independently perform collection, measurement, and interpretation of results
Expert in R, SQL,Python or other common analytical data tools
Expert in linear regression and classification approaches
Bonus points if:


Have experience with healthcare data such as claims and EMR data
Have hands on experience building NLP models using Spacy from clinical narratives
Experience with TensorFlow is also a plus.
We can't wait to learn more about you and meet you at Cohere Health!",5.0,"Cohere Health
5.0","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
339,Quality Control Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary: Responsible for QC microbiological aspects of cGMP compliance and testing.
Level to be determined based on qualifications relevant to the role.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:

• Responsible for QC aseptic processing aspects of cGMP compliance and testing related to drug product

• Perform microbiological studies to support qualification of isolators, fill finish lines and clean room environments

• Perform microbiological validations for sterile drug products

• Assist drug product personnel in the identification of microbiological root cause analysis and provide technical advice, as needed

• Participate in the investigations related to drug product, review of alert and action limit investigations and implement corrective action, as needed

• Participate in sterilization process validation activities involving microbiology, as needed

• Participate in the investigation of microbiological product OOS results and DNF, as needed

• Contribute to the preparation of technical proposals, amendments, reports and memoranda

• Contribute toward creating and revising microbiological SOPs

• Assist in the review of qualification reports related to drug product

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

•Ability to lift-up to 25 pounds

•Ability to stand and walk for extended periods of time

•Ability to maintain integrity and honesty at all times

•Ability to work independently or as part of a team

•Ability to communicate with transparency

•Continuously drive to improve processes for improved performance

•Demonstrate respectful behavior at all times

•Ability to interpret data and develop improvement plan

•Initiating the development of leadership skills by providing training and guidance to others

•Anticipates and plans for change

•Critical thinking skills

•Demonstrates analytical skills through problem-solving

•Demonstrates leadership by being approachable

•Participates in projects in addition to daily responsibilities

Education and Experience

• Requires BS/BA in Microbiology, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Biology or related field with 5+ years of relevant experience, preferably with experience in the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries.

•Experience with sterile manufacturing, pharmaceutical documentation practices and demonstrated leadership skills required.
This is an opportunity to join our select team that is already leading the way in the Pharmaceutical/Biotech industry. Apply today and learn more about Regeneron’s unwavering commitment to combining good science & good business.

To all agencies: Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee of Regeneron about this opening. All resumes submitted by search firms/employment agencies to any employee at Regeneron via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of Regeneron, unless such search firms/employment agencies were engaged by Regeneron for this position and a valid agreement with Regeneron is in place. In the event a candidate who was submitted outside of the Regeneron agency engagement process is hired, no fee or payment of any kind will be paid.

Does this sound like you? Apply now to take your first steps toward living the Regeneron Way! We have an inclusive and diverse culture that provides amazing benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness centers and stock for employees at all levels!

Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief (or lack thereof), sex, nationality, national or ethnic origin, civil status, age, citizenship status, membership of the Traveler community, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, familial status, marital or registered civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity status, gender identity, gender reassignment, military or veteran status, or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application process. Please contact us to discuss any accommodations you think you may need.

#INDIOPS
#LI-MB1
#INDIOPS",3.9,"Regeneron
3.9","Rensselaer, NY",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
340,Data Engineer,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"At YETI, we believe that time spent outdoors matters more than ever and our gear can make that time extraordinary. When you work here, you'll have the opportunity to create exceptional, meaningful work and problem solve with innovative team members by your side. Together, you'll help our customers get the high-quality gear they need to make the most of their adventures. We are BUILT FOR THE WILD™.

The Data Engineer will be part of a team that designs and develops YETI's enterprise Data Warehouse and Analytic systems. This position offers an extremely rare and unique opportunity to join a highly profitable, fast-growing business.

Our needs are diverse and its certain that we will build and deploy software on various platforms including but not limited to Google Big Query and Tableau. While this position specifically seeks a Senior Developer, who will focus on implementing solutions in Google Cloud Environment, Google Dataflow, and Composer (Airflow), we strongly prefer candidates with a diversity of experience capable of working across more than one area.

This role requires a blend of skills typically found in the specialized roles of Business Analyst, Data Modeler, Data Analyst, and Cloud Administration. Additionally, an understanding of dynamic environments, agile development, and how to balance the need to maintain operations versus the need to build things the right way is an absolute must.

Responsibilities:
Work with business customers and data analysts to define detailed requirements from broader business challenges.
Translate those requirements to logical and physical models that satisfy analytical needs.
Perform data profiling and analysis to assess data quality patterns, recommend data cleansing rules, conforming data standard rules and matching algorithms.
Own the system architecture and infrastructure of our Google Could Data warehouse and other related GCP services.
Assist ETL and BI developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement.


Qualifications and Attributes:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline
4+ years experience in the development of data warehouse, decision support, or executive information systems.
Expert in writing, analyzing and tuning complex SQL queries
Extensive experience with Python programming
Hands-on experience in any Cloud environment preferably GCP
Good understanding of Object-Oriented programming
Must have a good understanding of Dimensional Modeling and ER-Modeling.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Airflow, Dataflow, etc.
Willing to work with new tools and learn new programming languages
Strong problem-solving ability and a positive attitude.
YETI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

#LI-CL1",3.9,"YETI Coolers
3.9",United States,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
341,Machine Learning Engineer,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Alpha Health
We’re on a mission to remedy the financial complexity crippling healthcare in America.

Our aim is to organize and use all healthcare information to reduce the cost of care and improve the patient experience.

As the first Unified Automation company for healthcare, we use the same machine learning approaches that made driverless cars possible to provide health systems with a single solution for revenue cycle management. Alpha Health’s Unified Automation brings together the best of people, data and technology to efficiently, accurately and autonomously navigate the complex state of medical reimbursement in the United States.

We are growing rapidly:
- The contracting process in healthcare typically averages nine months. Yet, in less than 12 months time, the team has landed multiple provider clients of all sizes across the US.
- The team has also deployed at several of these customers, providing meaningful and measurable value within 90 days.

We’ve built a cross-functional skill set deep into the DNA of the company. We have technology experts from the top Silicon Valley technology companies (Google, Facebook, etc) and machine learning PhD programs (Stanford, etc). We also have senior leaders from the frontlines of healthcare with decades of experience leading teams of medical billers at some of the most prominent healthcare institutions in the US. And we have a deep bench of talent from healthcare services firms like the Advisory Board, Optum and Triage Consulting.

Our founding team includes Silicon Valley leaders who have founded or been founding team members of multiple companies with successful exits, including in excess of $350 million.

We are expanding our team to support our work with existing customers as well as new customers. If you love to execute, we’d love to hear from you.

Alpha Health is based in South San Francisco. As a company we embraced remote work opportunities before COVID-19. We consider ourselves experts in working collaboratively wherever our team members happen to reside.

As part of the ML team you will work alongside machine learning PhDs from top schools (e.g., Stanford), as well as experienced machine learning engineers from top companies(e.g., Google). You will be putting machine learning into practice, so your code directly affects our customers immediately. You will be working with large proprietary medical and clinical datasets containing both structured documents, natural language and images.
What You'll Do
· Participate in developing state-of-art machine learning solutions to address large scale healthcare problems
· Design and build pipelines that collect, preprocess, and deliver data with a measurable quality
· Write production-ready software with fast and efficient algorithms
Skills & Qualifications
· 2+ years of work experience in machine learning or data engineering
· Strong proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python and C++
· Hands-on development experience with big data technologies such as SQL and AWS/Cloud Platform
· Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, Keras, Tensorflow
· Full-stack development experience for an end to end machine learning solution preferred
· Experience with Natural Language Processing or Computer Vision a plus
· Strong communication and interpersonal skills with meticulous attention to detail
What We Offer
· Work with an experienced and complementary founding team consisting of serial entrepreneurs, AI experts and healthcare industry experts
· Competitive salary and equity grants
· Full employer coverage for health, dental and vision insurance
· Full employer coverage for life insurance
· 401k Plan
· Free membership to One Medical (Concierge Clinic) for you and your family (if you are in a region covered by One Medical)
· Flexible Vacation Policy",5.0,"Alpha Health
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
342,Data Scientist (Decision Science Identity Team),$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Positioned at Publicis Groupe's core, Conversant is a marketing tech platform that helps brands transform ordinary customer experiences into meaningful, human experiences. The Conversant platform powers a connected suite of products and services called Epsilon PeopleCloud, combining leading-edge identity management, industrial-strength data and technology expertise with big brand acumen gained over five decades of working with the industry’s top brands. Our human-powered, data-led marketing delivers unmatched depth, breadth and scale to help brands create exceptional business outcomes. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com. Follow us on Twitter at @EpsilonMktg.

Job Description

External Title: Data Scientist
Internal Title: Decision Sciences, Scientist

In this role, you will research and develop enhancements to Epsilon’s CORE Personalization Platform to continually increase the capabilities of Epsilon’s digital marketing businesses.

The Decision Sciences group is a collaborative, multi-disciplinary R&D team combining data science, machine learning, AI, computer science, and more. Our colleagues love the fast-paced, dynamic work environment, the speed with which we translate research to business impact, the opportunity to continually learn new knowledge and skills, the internal research seminars, the external training opportunities, and the excellent work-life balance our culture promotes.

We prioritize talent and potential over having closely similar prior experience. If using internet scale data to drive business impact excites you, we want to talk to you.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Conduct projects from early stage research through development, in consultation with stakeholders
Use your expertise in data science, machine learning, and/or computer science to research and recommend solutions to our technology and business problems
Provide technology leadership to yield innovative differentiating solutions
Implement and optimize state of the art algorithms in distributed environments
Participate fully in our collaborative approach to research and applications projects
Develop an understanding of Conversant’s personalization platform and proprietary datasets

Qualifications

Ph.D in a computational, mathematical, engineering, or scientific field
Research experience in a computational area such as data science, computer science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, or graph algorithms.
Fluency in programming
Analytic and modeling skills; proficient at conceptualizing, implementing, and evaluating accurate and scalable solutions to business problems
Verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to summarize technically complex information for a non-technical audience

ADDITIONAL DESIRABLE BUT NOT REQUIRED SKILLS

Experience with distributed computing
Demonstrated proficiency working with business and technical teams to integrate algorithms into product platforms on large data sets

Additional Information

Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.

Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon’s policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.

Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process.

#LI-AL1

REF17386U",3.3,"Epsilon
3.3","Chicago, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1969,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
343,Healthcare Data Analyst,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Xtend Healthcare, established in 2009, is seeking professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young) within its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice. These full-time positions offer a competitive salary and an attractive benefits package. The positions are long-term with no scheduled end date. Many current Xtend Healthcare employees have been contracted in similar roles at EY for multiple years -- some well over a decade.

EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. EY is looking to expand its existing team of Xtend Healthcare data analysts. Xtend Healthcare employees who act in these contracted roles have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. Some individuals do occasionally travel for work, but travel is not required by all. Candidates are expected to work daily in EY's downtown Indianapolis, Indiana office location.

EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills, healthcare industry knowledge, and consulting skills through on-the-job training. The services provided include assisting their clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs.

We are seeking qualified candidates for ourHealthcare Data Analystposition. This position will work with our client's proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

JOB SUMMARY:

1. Analyze large volumes of hospital data.

2. Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
3. Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.

4. Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
2+ years experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended.
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH and/or Medicare bad debts, is a significant advantage.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel (required) with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience (recommended).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment.
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts.
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities.
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies.
Willingness to travel occasionally (plus).
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.3,"Navient
3.3","Indianapolis, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
344,Senior Finance Data Analyst,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Qualys is seeking a Senior Finance Data Analyst with a strong experience in data management and financial reporting and systems. Responsibilities include establishing and maintaining Master Data standards and items within the Qualys systems and monitoring and validating the integrity of data as well as supporting corrective actions related to variances to standard. He/she will also help maintain systems and manage information used for financial administration and key financial metrics and reporting and assist in setting up automated reporting and financial analysis.

Responsibilities include:
Implement, optimize, and maintain financial systems and augment it with a separate data warehouse as needed
Create, maintain, monitor, and analyze all master data in ERP & CRM and integrated solutions
Ensure and enhance data quality and train users to ensure continuity of results
Provide creative yet logical approaches to solving data problems
Perform various levels of data validation across multiple systems
Create and manage the data dictionary to support change management efforts
Draft and maintain policies, procedures, and other documentation to ensure uniform, accurate, and consistent data are present
Provide testing support for upgrades and releases, including integration testing from various sources to target systems
Assist in setting up hierarchies and maintain consistency across different systems
Assist with data and analysis requests, providing detailed backups and explanations as needed
Build and support complex planning and forecasting models using the Anaplan platform
Build Anaplan Visualizations
Set up and automate reporting and charting and analyze trends and patterns
Perform other ad hoc responsibilities as necessary
You are:
A strong team player with a positive, service-oriented attitude who drives process improvements to increase effectiveness of the team and minimize room for errors
Hands-on, detail-oriented, and organized; prior experience having gathered, structured, monitored, and validated data to ensure data integrity and detailed documentation; has developed a habit of checking the accuracy of data and analysis several times over before submitting for review
A self-starter and high-achiever with a focus on doing a great job
A superior problem solver, possessing the initiative to look into the details and interpret the impact of key business drivers
Excellent multi-tasker who has strong time and project management skills and understands the importance of planning in advance to meet deadlines that include multiple review points and iterations
Strong communicator, both written & verbal; reliable and responsive to email and phone communications
Highest level of integrity and good judgment with the ability to effectively deal with highly sensitive, confidential information
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Accounting/Finance/Business or related field
Minimum of combined 4 years of hands on experience building Anaplan models and/or master data management in an ERP or CRM system
Experience querying data from a native source (ERP, CRM or database). Understanding of backend data and database structures
Experience partnering with FP&A and to deliver insightful information
Hands on experience with NetSuite, Salesforce, and Admin is a plus
High proficiency with Excel is a must, including ability to build automated Excel models from scratch (e.g., vlookup, sumif, iferror, etc.); VBA, SQL and ODBC knowledge preferred
Data organization and management skills. Technical expertise with data models, data import methodologies, database design development, and data mining; preferred experience with a BI tool",3.0,"Qualys
3.0","Foster City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
345,AI Ops Data Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company

AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines for some of the world's most serious diseases. But we're more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, we're proud to have a unique workplace culture that inspires innovation and collaboration. Here, employees are empowered to express diverse perspectives and are made to feel valued, energized and rewarded for their ideas and creativity.

Role

We are looking for a data scientist to join our new AI Ops platform team in Science IT. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working in a range of different cloud environments where they devised and deployed large-scale production infrastructure and platforms for data science. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting data & prediction problems in drug discovery.

The successful candidate will be part of a new, close-knit team of deeply technical experts and together have the chance to create tools that will advance the standard of healthcare, improving the lives of millions of patients across the globe. Our data science environments will support major AI initiatives such as clinical trial data analysis, knowledge graphs, imaging & omics for our therapy areas. You will also have responsibility to help provide the frameworks for data scientists to develop scalable machine learning and predictive models with our growing data science community, in a safe and robust manner.

As a strong software leader and an expert in building complex systems, you will be responsible for inventing how we use technology, machine learning, and data to enable the productivity of AstraZeneca. You will help envision, build, deploy and develop our next generation of data engines and tools at scale. You will be bridging the gap between science and engineering and functioning with deep expertise in both worlds.

Key Accountabilities
Liaise with R&D data scientists to understand their challenges and work with them to help productionise models and algorithms.
Be part of the development roadmap to build and operationalise our data science environment, platforms and tooling.
Support any external opportunities, through close partnership and engagement such as Benevolent.AI collaboration.
Deployment of systems, applications and tooling for data science on cloud environments.
Understanding of the necessary guardrails required for different use cases and data sensitivities.
Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU).
Provide the necessary infrastructure and platform to support the deployment and monitoring of ML solutions in production Optimizing solutions for performance and scalability.
Liaise with the Data Engineering team to ensure that the platform and the solutions deployment therein benefit from an optimised and scalable data flow between source systems and analytical models
Implementing custom machine learning code and developing benchmarking capabilities to monitor drift of any analyses over time.
Understanding of the latest AI webservices and data science tools, from DataBricks to citizen data science tools like Dataiku, C3.AI and Domino. Experience working on regulatory data would be helpful but not essential.
Liaise with other teams to enhance our technological stack, to enable the adoption of the latest advances in Data Processing and AI
Being an active member of the Data Science team, you will benefit from, and contribute to, our expanding bank of Data Science algorithms and work efficiently with our data science infrastructure.
Testing and assessing the quality of new tools.
Team recruitment, training provision and coaching
Candidate Knowledge, Skills and Experience
BSc in Computer Science or related quantitative field or MSc/Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field.
More than 2 years of experience and demonstrable deep technical skills in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, natural language processing or computer vision.
Experience managing an enterprise platform and service, handling new customer demand and feature requests.
Strong software coding skills, with proficiency in Python and Scala preferred.
Significant experience with AWS cloud environments, working knowledge of Google and Azure platforms. Knowledge of Kubernetes, S3, EC2, Sagemaker, Athena, RDS and Glue is essential. Certification in appropriate areas will be viewed favourably.
Experience with best practice of data transport and storage within cloud system.
Experience building large scale data processing pipelines. e. g. Hadoop/Spark and SQL.
Experience provisioning computational resources in a variety of environments.
Experience with containers and microservice architectures e.g. Kubernetes, Docker and serverless approaches.
Experience with automation strategies e.g. CI/CD, gitops.
Use of Data Science modelling tools e.g. R, Python, SAS and Data Science notebooks (e.g. Jupyter).
Creative, collaborative, & product focused.
Ability to just get things done.",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
346,Senior Data Scientist,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Senior Data Scientist work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

Responsibilities

This is a unique opportunity for a motivated individual to influence Humana’s vision to provide coordinated, integrated care via home care solutions and ECOM (Enterprise Clinical Operating Model). The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

Responsibilities

Recommend, design, and develop actionable analytic solutions for key business problems through in-depth investigations of healthcare utilization trends and outcomes
Use advanced analytic techniques like machine learning, predictive modeling to develop sophisticated models to solve the business problem
Use industry leading database systems, clinical decision engines and algorithms to extract meaningful insights from structured and unstructured data by leveraging NLP/ML
Ensure the developed models or statistical tests are reusable and modular for effective transition to cloud in the future
Work directly with aligned business partners and assist in requirements definition, project scoping, timeline management, and results documentation to ensure professional relationship management
Build ‘smart’ systems that learn from health intervention outcomes, clinical programs over time
Collaborate with multiple cross-functional teams to understand the business needs, identify any operational barriers and issues, and facilitate their resolution

In the first year this role will focus on the following

Develop effective partnerships with internal business partners and coworkers
Work in an agile way to produce, interpret and recommend real time optimization opportunities for the business to implement using advanced analytics techniques
Enhance the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, multitask and quickly pivot based on business needs
Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders
Implement real time business feedback of analytics based on the direct needs of internal customers

Required Qualifications

Master’s Degree + 3 years’ experience OR Bachelor’s Degree + 5 years’ experience.
Data Analytics, Computer Science or related quantitative program
Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions
Experience in working with assignments that involve moderately complex to complex issues using statistical modeling, time-series analysis, and advanced analytics to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions
Experience in working with both structured and unstructured data to create reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics
Ability to make decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components
Demonstrated problem solving, strategic and analytic thinking capabilities
Experience in working with cross-functional teams, organizing and managing multiple priorities and/or projects
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences

Preferred Qualifications

Master's Degree or PhD
Knowledge of healthcare claims, clinical programs and interventions, health outcomes, population health

Additional Information

This position can be located in Boston, Louisville or Work from home (remote)

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40",3.8,"Humana
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1961,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
347,"Staff Research Scientist, Geomorphology/Soil Science",$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"Thank you for your interest in employment with the Desert Research Institute. We want your application process to go smoothly and quickly. We ask that you keep in mind the following when completing your application:
Once you start the application process you cannot save your work. Please ensure you have all required attachment(s) available to complete your application before you begin the process.
Required attachments are listed below on the posting. Your application will not be considered without the required attachments.
Please see the application instructions under each posting for information on submittal deadlines.
If you need assistance or have questions regarding the application process, contact Human Resources Hotline at (775) 673-7431 or recruit@dri.edu.

Job Description

The Desert Research Institute (DRI) seeks a Staff Geomorphologist or Soil Scientist at the Staff Research Scientist level (Rank 1) to assist in the characterization of soils, geomorphology, and dust emission in support of current DoD funded projects at DRI.

This position involves research support in four overlapping areas:
Assist in the analysis of soil surface conditions as related to dust emission potential, including field operation of the PI-SWERL (Portable in situ Wind Erosion Laboratory).
Assist in the entry of field and laboratory data into spreadsheets and databases as required and ability to assist in the analysis of collected soil, dust, geomorphic, and Quaternary geologic data.
Assist on field-oriented studies where soil and geomorphic data is collected in support of project objectives.
Perform laboratory duties in the Quaternary Pedology and Soil Characterization Laboratory as directed.
In addition, the candidate should be familiar and comfortable with basic report writing and technical editing and be willing to learn how to collect instrument data, often in extreme environments.

Other responsibilities may include assistance in a wide variety of Quaternary geologic and geomorphic projects as opportunities and needs arise. These efforts include mapping of Quaternary geology and soils, identification of landforms, description and sampling of soils and sediments, working with Quaternary stratigraphy, sampling of materials for geochronology, geoarcheology and cultural resources identification, and general support of field research activities.

Required Qualifications
US Citizenship (Must have the ability to work on DoD instillations);
Bachelor of Science Degree in Geology, Earth Science, or related field from an accredited institution;
Basic knowledge in geomorphology, Quaternary geology, or soil science;
Excellent oral and written communication skills;
Team player with diverse research interests and excellent interpersonal skills;
Demonstrated experience to independently conduct field-based geomorphic or soil science research.
Preferred Qualifications
Master of Science Degree in Earth Sciences, Soil Science, or related fields from an accredited institution;
Experience using standard GIS software (e.g. ArcGIS Desktop) and generating map products;
Demonstrated experience with soil mapping and performing field descriptions of geomorphic, stratigraphic, and/or soil morphologic properties;
Working knowledge of soil classification systems;
Demonstrated experience or interest in performing laboratory analyses;
Demonstrated experience editing, compiling, and writing scientific reports and publications.
Conditions of Employment
Due to security requirements associated with accessing essential project sites and information, ALL applicants MUST be citizens of the United States.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check.
Must be able to travel and to work in harsh field conditions for extended periods of time (i.e. southwest deserts in the summer, cold regions, tropical regions), walk/hike across uneven terrain, and ability to lift heavy equipment (40+ lbs.)
Organizational Summary

Since 1959, DRI has stood at the forefront of understanding Earth's complex environmental systems, promoting preservation of diverse ecosystems, advancing responsible natural resource management, and improving human health and welfare throughout Nevada and around the world. More than 500 highly skilled scientists, engineers, technicians and students are collaboratively focused on understanding and answering critical questions about global climate change, water quality and availability, air quality, sustainability of desert lands, life in extreme environments, and more.

Salary/Benefits

DRI’s starting salary is competitive and commensurate with education, experience, and aligns with similar public academic research institutions. DRI provides excellent benefits that include:
Health insurance options that include dental, vision, life, and long-term disability;
15.25% tax-deferred retirement contribution with matching by DRI;
Thirty (30) days of sick leave provided upon start date and two (2) days of sick leave accrued per full month after the first year of service, two (2) days of annual leave accrued each full month, 11 paid holidays;
Tuition reduction at NSHE institutions for employee and dependents;
No state income tax and no Social Security deduction;
Relocation assistance.
Exempt

Yes

Full-Time Equivalent

100.0%

Required Attachment(s)

Qualified individuals interested in this position must apply online at https://nshe.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/DRI-External.

Please upload the following documents in the specified section of your application in Workday:
A cover letter detailing your research experience, career goals, and project interests;
A current curriculum vitae;
Contact information for three professional/work-related references, to be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant permission.
Individuals who meet all required qualifications are encouraged to apply immediately and provide all required attachments to receive full consideration. Recruitment will close without notice when a sufficient number of applications are received, or a hiring decision has been made.

For more detailed information about DRI, please visit us at www.dri.edu. For questions regarding this position or assistance with your application, please call the recruiting office at 775-673-7319.

Posting Close Date

Note to Applicant

Applicants should fully describe their qualifications and experience with specific reference to each of the minimum and preferred qualifications. The search committee will use this information during the initial review of application materials.

References will be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant notification and permission.

Newly hired faculty and postdoctoral fellows must assure that their official transcript is submitted to the Human Resources Office within 30 calendar days from the effective date of employment. Academic degrees must have been awarded by regionally accredited institutions.

This position may require a criminal background check to be conducted on the candidate(s) selected for hire.

As part of the hiring process, applicants for positions in the Nevada System of Higher Education may be required to demonstrate the ability to perform job-related tasks.

DRI employs only U.S. citizens and aliens authorized to work in the U.S. DRI only sponsors aliens applying for research faculty or postdoctoral fellow positions (J-1 or H-1B Visas).

All applicants hired by the Desert Research Institute are subject to E-Verify.",3.7,"Desert Research Institute
3.7","Reno, NV",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1959,Nonprofit Organization,Colleges & Universities,Education,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
348,Data Analysis Team Lead; Analytics,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are OANDA:

We are an award-winning global financial services company offering leading currency solutions and online trading platforms for both retail and corporate clients. Our vision is to transform how our clients can meet all of their online trading and currency needs with innovative and award-winning solutions.

Backed by one of the world's largest private equity firms, with significant ambitions to grow the business on the global stage, we are looking for highly motivated, passionate individuals who want to make a mark in a dynamic environment.

About you:
Do you want to work with great people in an energetic and open company culture?
Do you want to make your mark with an Agile team that is re-shaping the future of data and analytics at OANDA?
Do you enjoy collaborating across different disciplines within a company to drive towards a common goal?
Are you passionate about finding efficient solutions to technical problems?
Are you curious about what makes a company succeed?
Is data not just the answer, but the means to asking more questions to you?
If so, we want to hear from you!

In this role you will:
Take responsibility for leading our current team of four independent data analysts based in Krakow
Support and develop your team on a technical basis, helping them devise strategies and best practices to empower them to arm our business partners with the insights they need
Partner with a cross-section of the company including Strategy, Product, Customer Service, Marketing, Sales, Trading, Finance and Compliance, to answer high-level business questions and gain insights from the data you help to collect and manage
Perform data analysis and modeling, create reporting and visualizations and educate the company on your findings
Influence the company's strategic directions by driving data driven decision making across the organisation
Identify and apply statistical and advanced analytical methods with customer teams enabling action-orientated results
Participate in planning sessions with key stakeholders, working with them to understand the business need and then developing actionable insights
Create rapid prototypes with team members leveraging Big Data, traditional database technologies and alternative solutions
Our ideal candidate will:
Be passionate about engineering an efficient solution to a technical problem
Be able to translate complicated business requests into actionable and understandable data insights
Have a Bachelor's/Master's degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science or related subjects
Have experience working within Finance or FinTech industries
Have significant experience working in both SQL and Python
Have worked in, and with, Google Cloud/BigQuery/BigData or other cloud technology as an asset
Have worked with enterprise business intelligences platforms such as Tableau, Domo or MicroStrategy, with Domo as an asset
Have experience leading a small team of independent analysts and find it rewarding empowering them towards a common goal that would not have been achievable individually
Our Team:
Is a cross-functional Data team made up of data scientists, data and software architects, software engineers and data analysts spanning the globe
Has ownership over data company-wide, from analytics to global business reporting, compliance reportings and any other data inquiries
Manages the entire data lifecycle from extraction to visualization
Works in the Google Cloud Platform, SQL, Python, Java, C++ and are always prototyping new technologies
We Value Our People:

OANDA Global Corporation is a diverse and global team with offices around the world. We value the unique skills and experiences each individual brings to OANDA. We are committed to creating and sustaining a collegial work environment in which all individuals are treated with dignity and respect and one which reflects the diversity of the community in which we operate. We provide an inclusive and accessible environment for everyone.

Candidates selected for an interview will be contacted directly. If you require accommodation during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know. We will work with you to provide as seamless a recruitment experience as possible.",2.4,"OANDA
2.4",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Brokerage Services,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
349,Data Engineer II,$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"to start of metadata
Blue Nile is looking for a highly motivated, results-oriented Data Engineer to join our Data Engineering team. If you have strong technical skills, love to work in a fast-paced team and want to help businesses make better decisions through collection & organization of data, you'll have a great time working on this small team. You will focus on the development of the data warehouse including our transition to a hybrid environment utilizing both on-premises and cloud-based data stores and tools. The data warehouse is a strategic asset for the company and powers data, insights, and actions across all business functions. You will collaborate with the team to expand and optimize our data and data pipeline architecture. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer will support our software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives.
Blue Nile is the largest online retailer of certified diamonds, engagement rings and fine jewelry. Our standards are among the highest of all jewelers. We provide a superior customer experience, extraordinary value and industry leading product quality and style. We obsess about our customers and are passionate about providing each customer with an amazing experience.

Our corporate offices are located in Seattle’s vibrant Pioneer Square district, home to the latest wave of internet startups and packed with restaurants and entertainment including Century Link and Safeco fields. We are close to transportation, the waterfront, and parks. Our dress code favors jeans and our facilities include bike racks and showers.

Responsibilities:
Experienced with working in a hybrid environment utilizing both on-premises and cloud-based data stores and tools
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture.
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Design efficient data structures and database schemas
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and GCP ‘big data’ technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and GCP regions.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building/providing actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or Computer Science or equivalent
5-8 years experience working in a data engineer role
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases and data warehouses, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience with Python scripting
Experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Understanding of data warehouse concepts, best practices and tools
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.

What we offer:
Medical, Dental, and Vision Healthcare Coverage
401(k) with Company Match
Paid Vacation
Competitive Salaries
Transportation Allowance
Employee Discount
Employee Referral Bonus
Fitness Center Discount",2.7,"Blue Nile
2.7","Seattle, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
350,Sr Data Analyst (Remote/ Virtual),$128k-$206k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

Are you a self starter who is passionate about data trends, investigating and researching solutions? Our Ascension Data Science Institute is looking to add a Sr. Data Analysis to their team! This is a great opportunity to join a growing team with a great culture!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

Serves as a key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to staff on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes data for business insight.
Initiate action on data requests with team.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
Bachelor's or higher strongly preferred.
Work Experience:

3 years of experience preferred in healthcare operations or administration preferred.

Preferred Skills:
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy.
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL preferred.
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred.
Experience presenting to high levels of executives.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
351,Data Scientist-Senior,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Business Group Highlights

Defense

The Defense group supports the Department of Defense (DoD) mission to keep our homeland and its citizens safe. We provide solutions to improve the Nation's defense by providing software, systems engineering, IT, training and logistics and fleet management solutions.

Responsibilities

This position is for a large contract for the Army, providing leadership and support existing systems, processes, and policies as well as working to implement new technologies and processes in support of the client’s mission to provide Intelligence training and technologies to military personnel.

Provides data science and data engineering support to targeting activities that bring in large datasets. Data science and data engineering support is needed to help manage and execute the ingest (extract, transform and load (ETL) operations), parsing, data normalizations, database design, as well as performing data analysis at scale and implementing algorithms to find impactful operational and finished intelligence in large data streams. Involved in the analysis of unstructured and semi-structured data. Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data in support of high-value use cases. Handles processing against high-volume collections of data and high-velocity data streams. Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. Requires strong technical and computational skills coupled with the ability to code, design, develop, and deploy sophisticated applications using advanced unstructured and semi-structured data analysis techniques. Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations. Develops documentation to support objectives of operationally-focused team members.

Qualifications

Over 10 years of experience and a MA/MS degree.

Typically works on high-visibility or mission critical aspects of a given program and performs all functional duties independently.

Oversee the efforts of less senior staff and/or be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job.

Current TS/SCI clearance

Bachelor of Science Degree or higher computer science, statistics, or other related STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math)

Desired qualifications:

Strong understanding of data engineering, structure, formatting, conditioning and analysis.
Knowledge of database tools and current data science processes.
Full-stack development experience.

Desired Skills:

Thorough/Working knowledge of Python and some of the following software/tools: SQL, R, Hadoop, Spark, Java, C/C++, Git Bash, Tableau, ArcGIS, Unix commands.
Thorough/Working knowledge of research designs.
Thorough/Working knowledge of collection methods, capabilities and tasking process.
Familiarity with project management concepts and principles.
Intellectual curiosity; creativity and innovation to go beyond current tools to deliver the best solution to complex problems.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.2,"Perspecta
3.2","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
352,Senior Data Scientist - HR,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary:

The HR Workforce Analytics team provides exciting opportunities to shape the future of the Hershey workforce. As a Data Scientist on the team, you'll partner with Information Services and HR business partners to build value-driven, data-fueled, machine-intelligent capabilities that enable informed decision making. You will work with large volumes of data, innovative technologies, and advanced methodologies to solve complex business problems impacting the happiness of all Hershey Company employees, customers, and consumers.

Applicants should have a strong background in machine learning (supervised and unsupervised), statistical modeling, feature discovery/selection, exploratory data analysis, data mining and pattern recognition.
Applicants should have a strong interest in advancing an enterprise culture of diversity and inclusion, belonging, and trust.

Primary responsibilities:

Provides diversity and inclusion insights through the development, reporting, and analysis of inclusion programs, projects, and data management
Interact with HR business partners, technologists, and engineers to understand, define, frame, scope, and prioritize analytical opportunities for shaping the Hershey workforce
As part of a team, design and develop the simplest and most applicable analytical solutions to fuel critical HR business partner needs
Design, develop and evaluate innovative predictive and prescriptive models to align workforce design with company strategy
Analyze and extract relevant information from historical data to help automate and optimize key processes
Work closely with technology, business and engineering teams to drive model implementations and adoption of new solutions
Work closely with Survey Research Analysts to design surveys, execute appropriate sampling methodologies, and deliver statistically sound survey analysis
Work closely with HR Centers of Excellence and business leaders to prepare external surveys and KPIs

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree with STEM focus required
2+ years’ related experience in technologies and practice related to analytics/insights.
Experience working with cross-functional teams and communicating across organizations at all levels
2+ years of experience using R and/ or Python to implement decision problem solutions
1+ years of experience building and maintaining predictive and prescriptive models, to include training, scoring, and tuning when applicable
Experience developing interactive graphics/dashboards for end-users (Shiny, Power BI, Tableau)
Understanding of large-scale data storage processing architectures (SQL, HIVE, Spark/ SparkR, etc.)

Preferred Experience:

Master’s degree with STEM focus
Bachelor’s degree in organizational psychology or equivalent experience
Experience building descriptive and inferential survey analytics solutions
1+ years of experience utilizing an analytics platform (e.g. Alteryx, Azure Databricks, etc.)
Fluency in additional programming/ scripting languages (e.g. CSS, Java, Scala)
Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills
Proven ability to translate advanced analytical output to business partners and decision makers
Strong communication skills (written & oral)

#LI-NB1

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The policy of The Hershey Company is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veterans",3.8,"HersheyCareers
3.8","Hershey, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1894,Company - Public,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
353,Sr. Data Engineer,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team of Data Consultants and work on dynamic long-term projects. The majority of our team members are long-term employees who enjoy consistent work and a collaborative team approach!
Background in computer science and comfortable in programming in a variety of languages, including Java, Python, Scala;
Determining the appropriate software packages or modules to run, and how easily they can be modified;
Handling large scale structured and unstructured data from internal and third-party sources;
Architecting highly scalable distributed data pipelines using open source tools and big data technologies such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Presto, Spark, Drill, Sqoop and ETL frameworks;
Utilizing Linux shell scripting and containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes); and,
Leading teams in a dynamic work environment while managing stakeholder expectations and scope.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree, preferably in technology related disciplines.
Cloud computing platforms such as Azure, AWS, and GCP;
Relational databases and writing SQL queries, evaluating their performance
Strong experience with data processing software in Azure, AWS and GCP
Or Big data machine learning toolkits such as SparkML, messaging systems (Kafka) and NoSQL databases (Cassandra, HBase, MongoDB) desirable
Building data lakes and data pipelines that adhere to our engineering philosophy
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8","Indianapolis, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
354,Research Scientist (Computational Biology),$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"IDL-US works on the state-of-the-art deep generative models for natural language / speech / music. In particular, we are interested in the novel architecture & methodology for modeling very long sequence. The applications include language modeling with long context, music generation etc.

Job Duties:

Conduct cutting-edge research by applying advanced AI technologies in the computational biology and biomedical field. Strengthen the position of Baidu as a leading company in AI research. Conduct research on protein structure prediction, protein design, and AI-powered drug discovery. Compete with top computational research teams and publish peer reviewed articles in top journals and publications.

Qualifications:
PhD degree in computer science, computational biology, bioinformatics or related fields.
Must have experience in each of the following:
Strong skills in algorithms and coding;
At least two (2) years of experience in deep learning;
Published papers in top conferences or journals;
Research experience in computational biology.
Development experience in C++.
Culture Fit:
Mission alignment: If you want to be part of a team to accomplish this great mission, we will provide you the best possible platform to do that.
Self­-directed: We work best with people that are driven, motivated, and aspire to greatness. Are you the sort of person that, if you had time on your hands, will independently find interesting and useful things to do?
Hungry to learn: We are eager to see you learn new skills and grow. But learning is hard work and this is something we hope you want to do.
Team orientation: We work in small, fast­-moving teams. We don't believe in lone wolves. We watch out for each other and go after big goals together as a team.",4.1,"Baidu USA
4.1","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
355,Computer Data Scientist,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
As an early to mid-career Data Scientist, you might be wondering what makes MITRE different than other government contractors and consulting firms. Many of our recent hires answered YES to at least one of the questions below:
Are you interested in contributing to technical projects that you can feel passionate about?
Are you tired of having your performance tied to billable hours?
Do you want to feel like your ideas are valued and you are more than just an FTE?
Are you interested in working for a company where a 40-hour week is the norm and not the exception?
Do you want exceptional benefits, including tuition reimbursement for coursework towards an advance degree in a technical discipline?
The Model-Based Analytics Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to interact directly with government leaders in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis.
Our employees are expected to work on multiple projects, cross-pollinate good ideas across the government and continuously learn. We are truly an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data- and model-driven decision making. We value people who can bring diverse perspectives.
Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the government. We also actively conduct independent research in areas of interest to our government partners. Once established with a proven track record of quality delivery and consistent performance, members of our department have latitude to select projects

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Provide relevant day-to-day tasking for one or more junior staff.
Lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor of Science degree or equivalent knowledge and skills
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.

Required Qualifications:
Significant academic concentration in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research or Computer Science.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R or Java.
Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js.
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Demonstrated experience leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Ability to obtain and maintain a Secret level security clearance
Position will be located in Bedford, MA or Mclean, VA
Preferred Qualifications:
Research experience
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines).
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Advanced degree in Operations Research, Statistics or Data Science.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
356,Senior Scientist,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Basic Function: * The Staff Scientist is responsible for researching, writing and preparing petitions and safety evaluations of food ingredients for submission to regulatory agencies. The Staff Scientist also answers questions from and provides scientific support to clients on technical matters related to toxicology, pharmacology, risk assessment, chemistry and regulatory issues. The Staff Scientist oversees all aspects of scientific studies conducted by external vendors. In addition to scientific expertise, the Staff Scientist is responsible for organizing and leading client meetings, preparing and disseminating meeting materials, and drafting and revising meeting minutes.
Principal Responsibilities: *
Research and prepare data submissions to national and international regulatory bodies
Provide scientific and technical support by responding to questions from clients and members
Draft articles for submission to peer-reviewed journals
*Prepare risk assessments and safety evaluations for regulatory agencies*
Review study protocols, provide study oversight, and review study reports for safety studies
Organize and lead scientific projects for multi-stakeholder consortia
Participate in meetings and provide leadership on scientific topics with clients and regulatory agencies
Skills Required: *
Excellent communication, writing, editing and proofreading skills
Must be detail oriented, able to work independently and with a team, and manage time effectively
Strong ability to organize and prioritize multiple projects with competing deadlines
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work in a collaborative environment
Strong working knowledge of Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Adobe required
Minimum Qualifications: *
A PhD degree in Toxicology, Pharmacology or related field is required; or a Masters degree with 5+ years experience
Very strong working knowledge of organic chemistry (nomenclature, structure and reaction mechanisms) and biochemistry is essential
Risk Assessment and/or previous experience with food ingredients preferred
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.vertosolutions.net
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.6,"Verto Solutions
3.6","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
357,Process Scientist – Cell Culture,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary: The Drug Product Manufacturing Science and Technology (DP-MSAT) Manager will serve as a process expert in equipment selection, CMO selection strategy, management of equipment qualification, and will be hands-on during technology transfer and cGMP start-up activities. The Manufacturing Science and Technology team will strive to establish best practices for technical support and product lifecycle management of cGMP manufacturing operations. The position will also focus on ensuring site to site consistency after the processes are successfully transferred. The Manager and/or team will also provide floor support during operations at internal/external manufacturing facilities, use advanced analytics to review process data to ensure operational consistency and provide support for investigations.

Level to be determined based on qualifications relevant to the role

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:

• Serve as a technical expert for drug product manufacturing process and new product introduction, technology transfer (to/from CMO, partner, internal sites, etc.), technical process troubleshooting and issue resolution within a GMP environment.

• Lead an aseptic manufacturing technical support team with expertise in drug product formulation, single-use system mixing, filtration, filling (i.e. vial, pre filled syringe, cartridge, etc.), lyophilization, container closure integrity, visual inspection, etc.

• Lead team for selection, installation and qualification (FAT/SAT/IQ/OQ) of cGMP manufacturing equipment. Collaborate with Manufacturing, Engineering and Quality to ensure robust procedures are developed/utilized for equipment operation.

• Accountable for global product stewardship across multiple sites.

• Track and report project milestones related to raw material/component sourcing, equipment readiness, analytical method transfer, document creation, etc.

• Review and approve cGMP batch documentation (e.g. master batch records, component specifications, validation protocols, material specifications, etc.) required to support cGMP production at internal/external manufacturing facilities.

• Lead complex investigations, determine root cause, and identify/implement CAPA for manufacturing deviations.

• Trend process performance to establish/improve process capability, use advanced data analytics to ensure process is operating within intended process control strategy.

• Author policies, technical reports/protocols, change contols, etc. in support of cGMP activities.

• Support development of sampling plans for GMP batches related to lot release, stability, and characterization.

• Lead cross-functional internal and external teams to ensure successful process transfer including completion of process flow diagrams, risk assessments, FMEAs, engineering trials, process control strategies, validation, etc.

• Collaborate with internal/external teams to improve process performance and operations.

• Collaborate with Strategic Sourcing project teams to specify technical requirements associated with raw materials, components, equipment and services to ensure external vendor on time delivery.

• Travel to contract manufacturers, business partners, suppliers, etc. as required. Domestic/international travel of approximately 10-40% may be necessary.

• Embrace a ‘Quality-First’ mindset, along with demonstrating accountability, respect, integrity, trust, teamwork and transparency, to uphold company reputation/expectations during all internal and external interactions.

• Responsible for leading, coaching, and developing direct reports as assigned.

• Maintain required training on Regeneron specific work instructions and SOP’s.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

• Experience interacting and technically supporting Contract Manufacturing Organizations.

• Demonstrated advanced technical expertise in aseptic drug product clinical/commercial manufacturing, product development, technology transfer, validation, product lifecycle management and applicable unit operations.

• Preferred experience with new GMP manufacturing facility design, start-up and qualification using extensive automation and electronic systems.

• Knowledge of industry practices and regulations (cGMP, Annex I) and across multiple health authorities (e.g. FDA, EMA, MHRA, etc.) including audit participation.

• Strong project management, interpersonal, cross- cultural, communication, negotiation and problem solving skills.

Education and Experience:

• Manager - BS in a scientific/engineering discipline, or related field, with 7+ years of related experience in a pharmaceutical / biologics cGMP environment.

• Sr Manager - BS in a scientific/engineering discipline, or related field, with 8+ years of related experience in a pharmaceutical / biologics cGMP environment.

• Equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered.

Level to be determined based on qualifications relevant to the role

Does this sound like you? Apply now to take your first steps toward living the Regeneron Way! We have an inclusive and diverse culture that provides amazing benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness centers and stock for employees at all levels!

Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief (or lack thereof), sex, nationality, national or ethnic origin, civil status, age, citizenship status, membership of the Traveler community, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, familial status, marital or registered civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity status, gender identity, gender reassignment, military or veteran status, or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application process. Please contact us to discuss any accommodations you think you may need.

#INDIOPS",3.9,"Regeneron
3.9","Rensselaer, NY",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
358,Senior Data Scientist,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Earnin:

Earnin is a community-supported financial platform with a suite of tools that let people take control of their financial future. Earnin started out by solving one of the greatest – and least discussed – inequities in the American financial system: the practice of employers paying workers bi-weekly. Earnin's core product, Cash Out, allows people to access the pay they've already earned. There are no loans or hidden costs. People pay what they choose. Other products include: Balance Shield, which helps prevent overdrafts, a financial calendar that helps people budget and schedule payments, and Tip Yourself - a revolutionary free social savings app.

Funding: Series C, current funding partners include Andreessen Horowitz, DST, Matrix Partners, Ribbit Capital, Felicis Ventures and March Capital.

Join us and help build a new financial system focused on fairness and people's needs.

You can help make a difference.

About the Team:

We're looking for a talented and motivated data scientist to build sophisticated models with data collected across our business to aid Earnin's mission in giving the world access to their pay as soon as they've earned it.

Data Scientists are the central node to every team within Earnin. As a data scientist, you'll be interfacing with analysts to gain insights, our product managers to evaluate areas where we can protect and improve our business model, and our engineering team to advance our product utilizing artificial intelligence.

Every decision made at Earnin is backed by data; our company trajectory is defined by the systems, tools, and analytics powered by our exceptional team. We integrate multifaceted data streams such as rapidly changing market data, customer data based on app activity and feedback, and financial banking operations data to perfect our processes and workflows. Improving these systems and maintaining scalability across a growing user base (X million and counting) is thrilling.

What Sets Us Apart:
We care more about the thought process, perseverance, tenacity in solving really difficult problems (rather than checking off all the technology boxes)
Solving unique problems in the financial payments industry
Helping people on a human level
As a Data Scientist you will:
Build machine learning models with large-scale datasets across personal finance and user employment information
Research and explore with various machine learning algorithms to best help on products
Work very closely with cross-functional teams to come up with machine learning approaches to improve the user experience or business metrics.
Collaborate with product teams on ad-hoc product analytics
Optimize models by adding more features, improving algorithms, tuning parameters
Create monitoring systems to track the quality of models
Apply statistical concepts such as hypothesis testing, statistical significance etc to model explanation, reporting and decision making.
Come up with and implement decision strategies based on model predictions
Requirements:
Deep understanding of machine learning and statistics
Strong product sense and analytical thinking
Experience building predictive models from scratch data to production
Strong SQL abilities and experience.
Proficient in Python
Experience with Spark, R and Scala is a plus
3+ years industry experience in data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, and modeling
Excellent communication skills
A MS or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or any quantitative disciplines
At Earnin, we believe that the best way to build a financial system that works for everyday people is by hiring a team that represents our diverse community. Our team is diverse not only in background and experience, but also in perspective. We celebrate our diversity and strive to create a culture of belonging. Earnin does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, legally protected medical condition, family care status, military or veteran status, marital status, registered domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal laws. Earnin is an E-Verify participant.

Earnin does not accept unsolicited resumes from individual recruiters or third party recruiting agencies in response to job postings. No fee will be paid to third parties who submit unsolicited candidates directly to our hiring managers or HR team.",3.6,"Earnin
3.6","Palo Alto, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
359,Data Scientist II,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Scientist II to join our team based in Vienna, VA.

Responsibilities:
Must be able to design, modify, develop, write and implement software programming applications.
Must be able to support and/or install software applications/operating systems.
Must be able to participate in the testing process through test reviews and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.
Must be able to design, plan, and coordinate work teams.
Must be able to provides technical support to project team members.
Must be familiar with a variety of the field concepts, practices, and procedures.
Must be able to rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Must be able to perform a variety of tasks.
Must be able to lead and direct the work of others.
Must exhibit a wide degree of creativity and latitude.
Must typically be able to report to a head of a unit/department
Requirements:
Required a bachelor's degree in science or a related area.
Required 6-8 years of experience in the field.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go to https://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
360,Supply Chain Solution - Data Scientist,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Supply Chain Solution – Data Scientist will be based in Austin, TX. In this role you will be responsible for creating reports using a variety of tools and methods.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do…
Use various analytical techniques including visualization, statistical methods, machine learning/AI to create scalable solutions for business problems
Translate Supply Chain business problems and questions into specific quantitative questions to be answered w/ available data using robust methodologies. In many cases, the data collection at scale will be part of the task and may involve co-work with software development team
Coordinate and perform testing on data quality and solutions
Analyze and extract relevant information from big data to help automate and optimize key processes
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation
Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings to stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information
Build scalable prototype analytics solutions
Work closely with software development/engineering teams to build model implementations and integrate successful models and algorithms in production systems at scale
Here is some of what you’ll need (required)…
Minimum 4 years’ experience with R
Demonstrated skill and experience of data analysis within open source scripting languages (e.g. R, Python)
Strong experience with SQL and working with relational databases (SQL Server, Teradata, MySQL etc.)
Strong demonstrated knowledge of applied statistical and machine learning methods
Experience with XML, JSON data formats, working with REST API’s, SVN/Git or other version control tools and techniques
Experience with Tableau in dashboard development, deployment and administration
Demonstrated ability to manage projects and implementation of solutions/applications
Effective written and oral communication skills, team player
Here are some nice to have’s…
Master’s degree in STEM field/Operations Research/Data Science/Supply Chain
Work experience in Supply Chain/Manufacturing
Be able to present quantitative results in the right context to various target audiences
Experience within the RStudio ecosystem (Shiny dashboards and applications, Plumber API’s, RStudio Connect)
Experience working with non-relational databases like MongoDB
Experience of deploying ML applications on platforms like Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud preferred
Demonstrated experience in business applications of distributed computing (e.g. MapReduce, HIVE, HADOOP)
Demonstrated capability in building scalable analytical solutions
Experience in ownership of solutions – life-cycle, roadmap, implementation, business value generation
Portfolio of data science projects on Github.com, RPubs.com etc.
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Demonstrated ability to communicate and influence executives and upper management
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
Job Category
Global Procurement & Supply Chain

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com",3.8,"Flex
3.8","Austin, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
361,Sr. Data Analyst,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Forest Lawn has always attracted unique and exceptional individuals; those who aren’t satisfied with simply building a career, but want to go home at the end of the day knowing they’ve made a profound and positive difference in people’s lives. If this sounds like you, take a look at our job openings....We may have your next GREAT OPPORTUNITY!

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Conducts special studies to analyze complex contract transactions and prepares recommendations for changes to reduce errors or simplify processes.
Identifies trends and recommends improvements accordingly.
Understands and has familiarity with the design of complex contract and accounts receivable software and the ability to quickly learn the design and operation of such systems.
Processes and inputs into computer database complex contract transactions.
Analyzes business process and discrepant data scenarios.
Mines data in contract database using Microsoft Access and Excel and SQL.
Develops and creates studies, reports, and analyses in areas such as, statistical sales reports, transaction exception reports, categorization of transactions by data fields present, etc.
Makes recommendations to management regarding cost saving or profit generating opportunities and profitability improvement strategies.
Prepares clear, concise written reports and presentations using Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.
Coordinates with all levels of management to provide, gather, analyze, summarize, and prepare recommendations regarding Client Accounts functions.
Works independently with minimal supervision as well as in a team environment.
Works closely with the Technology Services development, database and infrastructure team on various projects to gather requirements, document data and workflow requirements, and develop scalable, highly available, and secure automation, data models and reporting packages.
Handles multiple projects with detail and organization.
QUALIFICATIONS
BA/BS – Math, Engineering, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting preferred;
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.
3 - 5 Years’ experience as a Data Analyst.
Proven experience as a problem solver.
Must be customer service oriented.
Must be flexible, proactive, and a self-starter.
Advanced Microsoft Excel, Access and PowerPoint skills
Moderate skills with MS SQL, Python and VBA
Experience in report writing tools
Experience working with Data Models
E-Verify Statement:

Forest Lawn has registered to participate in the federal government's E-Verify program. With E-Verify we are able to confirm the employment authorization of all newly hired employees through an electronic database maintained by the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security. With respect to new hires, the E-Verify process is completed in conjunction with a new hire's completion of the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification upon commencement of employment. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates.

For up-to-date information on E-Verify, go to https://www.e-verify.gov/employees/e-verify-overview.",3.2,"Forest Lawn Memorial-Park Association
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1906,Company - Private,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
362,Data Engineer,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking multiple Data Engineers to support a new requirement in/around Springfield, VA. The selected candidates may be required to deploy forward up to 10% of the time into operational areas or other remote sites.

Responsibilities include:
Responsible for extracting, loading, and transforming a variety of data types, formats, and sources in order to cultivate accessible relational, document store, and graph databases.
Develops logical and physical data models, database creation, data optimization, and implementation.
Work side-by-side data scientist to make use of the collected data.
Deploy sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning, and statistical models.
Document all work in a code base, and other Install, Operations, and Maintenance artifacts per government direction
Basic Qualifications:
Requires in-depth knowledge of distributed systems, computer science, programming, and mathematics. Works with warehouses across multiple databases; responsible for developing table schemas.
Ability to manage and organize data while identifying trends and inconsistencies that will impact government missions.
Experience preparing data for predictive and prescriptive modeling; uses data to discover tasks that can be automated; delivers updates to stakeholders based on analytics.
Experience/certifications in Mongo DB, Python, Cypher Query Language, R, Apache Spark / Hadoop, Linux, ETL, data warehouse, data modeling, and MS Azure, and Amazon Web Services.
Experience adhering to Information Technology processes, polices, and procedures for entering changes and new products into the production environment.
Experience in cloud, containerization, indexing, scaling databases, and graph analysis to build in automation, efficiency, and implementation of security controls.
Desired Skills:
Prior experience supporting US Special Forces
Prior deployment to OCONUS locations
AWS and/or Azure certifications
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI security clearance required.
Willing to undergo polygraph examination
Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.

For more details, or to submit a referral: bit.ly/NovettaReferrals

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Springfield, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
363,"Scientific Data Steward, Oncology",$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"1 purpose...to reimagine medicine!

Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. (NIBR) is seeking a Scientific Data Steward to join the Novartis Oncology Data Science Team. Oncology Data Science provides computational biology expertise to NIBR Oncology, from target ID through clinical development, for both targeted and immune therapies. We apply cutting edge technologies and analytical approaches to elucidate the molecular basis for therapeutic response in individual cancer patients.

The Scientific Data Steward reports into the software engineering team within Oncology Data Science, and is a highly collaborative role interacting with data scientists, bioinformaticians, laboratory teams and software engineers. The successful candidate will become the department subject matter expert on internal and external genomics data sets, understanding how to harmonize, process and load these into data stores. The successful candidate will influence department strategies for data curation, metadata capture and data storage best practices. The candidate will also develop novel protoype visualizations using these data sets, to accelerate the work of the department in identifying novel biological insights to advance the development of new medicines to fight cancer.

Specific job responsibilities include:
•Become subject matter expert on internal genomic and biomarker data sets, genomic references and other resources used and maintained by department
•Survey literature to identify impactful external data resources for internal use
•Influence strategies for data curation, including promoting and defining metadata standards, access control, reproducibility, and recommended storage solutions for different levels of data
•Build prototype visualizations on top of internal data systems, in collaboration with data scientists and end-users. Visualizations may become part of existing or entirely new software tools within the larger group.
•Re-processes and aggregate external and internal datasets using consistent data pipelines, and publish to data registration and management systems
•Facilitate loading of novel data types into existing data stores. May require data munging, re-formatting and harmonization, in collaboration with data analysts, engineers and end-users

Desirable requirements:
•BsC or MS in computational biology, bioinformatics, biology, computer science, or a related field and practical experience working with bioinformatics data sets particularly NGS data types
•Experience working in bioinformatics, ideally in scientific data curation
•Expertise in Python and R, understanding of databases and use of REStful APIs, facility on the Linux command line
•Data visualization experience, ideally in RShiny or Spotfire
•Experience with data munging, cleaning and harmonization
•Highly collaborative, self-starter, with strong communication skills
•Experience influencing without direct authority
•Practical experience with Bitbucket and JIRA

Why consider Novartis?
799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers our people to unleash their full potential.

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
364,Senior Data Analytics Lead,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"About CXD Analytics

We are a dynamic team and this is not a “Business as Usual” type of analytics role. Everything we do is to evolve and enhance our client’s digital experiences. In this capacity you will play a key role and lead analytics and insights engagements which support business efforts that deepen the understanding of Vanguard investors in our Client Experience - Digital (CXD) department.

Our Group: The CXD team at Vanguard has recently been established to improve Vanguard client’s end-to-end experiences when performing specific tasks, such as opening an account or placing a brokerage trade. Our goal is to transform the way our clients experience Vanguard using data, analytics and insights that support strategic decision-making and drive digital solutions.

How We Work: CXD hosts a team of highly talented, cross-disciplinary individuals including advanced data analysts, UX strategists and designers, front-end developers, data scientists, data engineers, scrum masters, and market researchers who work together in highly collaborative agile “labs”. We follow the “Stacked Agile” model made famous by Spotify. Each lab is fully dedicated to one part of a specific client journey and each analyst is fully dedicated to their lab.

Core Responsibilities
Engages with internal partners to understand business strategy, questions and goals. Brings structure to business requests, translates requirements into an analytical project approach, and leads projects through completion. Delegates tasks and provides tactical and strategic guidance to peers.
Be a thought leader for the Mobile analytics at Vanguard and be the catalyst for change
Lead tag-based data collection, build client-side integrations, and implement third party acquisition tracking into the mobile app's tag management system
Acquires and compiles structured and unstructured data and verifies its quality, accuracy and reasonableness.
Understand and collaborate on end-to-end user experience of online channels (web, mobile web, native app and kiosk UI)
Drive implementation of mobile strategies and user adoption of Vanguards evolving and cutting edge mobile app
Explain higher level statistical methods, test results and experimental design to a diverse audience with varying degrees of analytical capabilities
Drive and execute optimization strategies, work with marketing, product, design and engineering
Work with UX design to understand impact of page flow changes and calculate ROI’s
Develop personalization and segmentation strategies to target the right customers with the most relevant offers
Performs analyses of historical data to surface trends and insights using advanced analytical methods
Prepares and delivers visualizations and internal presentations that translate analytic insights into tangible, actionable solutions for business partners to implement.
Mentors, coaches, trains, and develops junior analysts. Proactively expands knowledge of business and analytics and shares with team members. Develops and documents best practices.
Qualifications
Graduate degree in an analytic/quantitative field
A minimum of 5+ years of relevant professional experience in a data analysis role.
Strong experience querying data with SQL and programming with Python or R
Experience with mobile digital analytics and channels preferred
Solid understanding and experience of statistical methods with regards to study design and analysis
Experience leading, designing and implementing marketing or digital experimentation (A/B or MVT) to improve marketing performance or improve the client experience
Understanding and working knowledge of quasi-experimental study design
Leverage NLP and text mining packages to better understand client feedback
About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.",3.3,"Vanguard
3.3","Malvern, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1975,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
365,2021 Data Science Fellowship,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"2021 Data Science Fellowship
Department


Human Resources

Location


Alexandria, VA

Closing Date

1/29/21

Apply Now

Overview

The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a not-for-profit corporation that operates three Federally Funded Research Centers (FFRDCs). IDA’s Systems and Analyses Center is located in Alexandria, Virginia and is comprised of eight research divisions providing objective analyses of national security issues, particularly those requiring scientific and technical expertise, and conducts related research on other national challenges.

The IDA Data Science Fellowship provides recent graduates a unique opportunity to develop and apply data science skills to important issues in national security. Data Science Fellows will investigate the ways machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, and big data methodologies contribute to national security and gain experience developing advanced data science tools They will use their critical thinking and analytic skills to work on challenging real-world national security issues. In a collaborative team environment, Fellows perform data manipulation and statistical, econometric, predictive, descriptive, and other quantitative analyses to answer national security-related research questions. Fellows should expect to learn while creatively contributing to interdisciplinary project teams.

Fellows will have an opportunity to work research questions in areas such as:
Appraisal of current DoD investments in a broad range of areas: from human factors to autonomous systems, from materials science to nuclear weapons effects, from social behaviors to quantum computing;
Analyze and research questions on DoD personnel, military readiness and efficacy, and organizational efficiency topics.
Assessment of federal agency information and computing architectures that support data science applications (i.e., large, distributed data sets and computational assets);
Application of data exploration, text analytics, forecasting, statistical inference, simulation to areas of military personnel, manpower, and acquisition of DOD weapon systems.
Over the course of the three-year program, fellowship experiences will include:
Involvement in workshops and discussions on relevant topics
Mentorship from members of the IDA research staff
Training on specific analytical methods and tools
Attendance and presentation at select professional society meetings
Qualifications
This is a full time position and is only open to recent recipients of a bachelor’s or master’s degree. Candidates with degrees higher than a master’s degree will not be considered.
Candidate with recent Bachelor’s degree or Masters’ degree in economics, statistics, operations research, mathematics, physics, computer science, data science, or related disciplines with a strong foundation in statistics and/or applied mathematics are encouraged to apply.
Candidates must demonstrate experience with one or more programming language or statistical software used in research (e.g., Python, R, Julia, Stata, MATLAB, C, Java, etc.)
Candidates must demonstrate strong written and oral communication skills. Ideal candidates are able to contribute to and support team efforts.
Additional preferred skills include:
Training and/or experience in quantitative or qualitative information collection, data normalization, and text analytics
Experience as a research assistant in an academic or policy research setting
Experience or coursework in Bayesian statistics, machine learning, predictive analytics, and/or geospatial analyses
Experience with GPU, high-throughput, and/or distributed computing
U.S. citizenship is required.
In addition to the application, applicants at later stages in the process will be required to submit the following documents:
Personal Statement— explain in 1,000 words or less why you want to work in the area of data science and analytics in defense and national security and how your background/experience will contribute to IDA’s work
Writing Sample—5,000 word maximum
Transcripts - unofficial transcript is acceptable for consideration, but an official transcript is needed before any offer of employment will be made
Two Letters of Academic Recommendation—letters must be signed by the individual rendering the reference and delivered as PDF files.
U.S. Citizenship is required
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required
Equal Opportunity Employer",4.1,"Institute for Defense Analyses
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
366,Machine Learning Engineer - Discovery,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. For us, life's not about a job, it's about purpose. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we'll do what's right (not what's easy) to serve the public conversation.

Job Description

Twitter's Discovery teams are dedicated to getting the majority of the world to converse in public using Twitter. We are composed of many teams across the company, including Product, Engineering, Design, and Research. These teams are responsible for understanding the needs of new users and users who are not very active and help them discover the value of Twitter by building personalized products.

This mission is to instantly connect people with conversations and audiences most meaningful to them. Realizing this goal involves work in areas such as machine learning, applied data science, recommendation systems, and information retrieval systems. Do you want to make a huge impact while working with large data sets at scale? If so, a Discovery team is a good fit for you!

Qualifications

What You’ll Do You'll work with an awesome team of engineers, product managers, data scientists, researchers, and designers to build experiences powered by large-scale recommender systems. This includes:
Collaborating with cross-functional partners to come up with roadmaps for Machine Learning driven products for the team.
Working with product engineers to identify product metrics that causally impact business metrics.
Applying data mining, machine learning and/or graph analysis techniques to a variety of modeling, relevance, and recommendation problems to build production-quality solutions that balance complexity and performance.
Participating in the engineering life-cycle at Twitter, including designing high-quality ML infrastructure and data pipelines, writing production code, conducting code reviews, and working alongside our infrastructure and reliability teams.
Mentoring other engineers on the team and up-level them on applied product ML skills.
Although you will work on groundbreaking problems, this position is not a research position.

Who You Are
You have strong product understanding and an intuition for how to use modeling to address product needs.
You are not only comfortable with ambiguity but view it as an opening to quickly explore a multitude of options.
You can apply advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to model user behavior, build benchmark metrics, and drive causal impact using A/B testing.
You have the ability to take on complex problems, learn quickly, iterate, and persist towards a good solution.
You have experience collaborating across cross-functional teams including analytics, product management, and operations.
Requirements
M.S. or PhD in Computer Science (or related field) with 5+ years of relevant industry experience
Experience with one or more of the following: deep learning, reinforcement learning, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.
Experience with data pipelines and large scale data stores.
Firm grasp of CS fundamentals, Data structures, and algorithms
Experience handling large scale quantitative customer data to solve problems and answer questions
Additional Information

We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.

San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.",4.0,"Twitter
4.0","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
367,BS/MS Oncology Immune Cell-Engaging Therapy Scientist,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Novartis, we serve ONE purpose – to reimagine medicine! We are seeking a passionate and innovative Scientist to join the Biotherapeutics Team within the Oncology group in the Novartis Institute for Biomedical Research (NIBR) located in Cambridge, MA. We are dedicated to the innovation of transformative immune cell-engaging antibody therapeutics for Oncology as we develop breakthrough medicine for our patients.

The successful candidate will become a key contributor in a dynamic and multidisciplinary biotherapeutics discovery team tackling multiple oncology targets. The candidate will work towards advancing our innovative antibody therapeutics that engage immune cells to target cancer cells. The high quality data generated will directly impact the discovery of novel therapeutics for evaluation in clinical trials. This position is ideal for talented, highly motivated, collaborative and results-oriented individuals wishing to combine their interest in oncology, cancer immunology and drug discovery to save patients’ lives.

As a scientific and technical expert, the candidate’s responsibilities include but are not limited to:
•Identify and provide innovative solutions to complex problems
•Initiate and carry out novel research and technical activities
•Critically analyze, interpret and challenge results with a firm grasp of scientific process and innovation.
•Collaboratively drive projects to meet established timelines while maintaining the highest quality and data integrity standards
•Comply with established protocols and SOPs while performing experiments
•Record and maintain meticulous records in electronic laboratory notebook. Contribute to drafting of research and regulatory documents.
•Communicate and coordinate activity with other functional groups on highly collaborative teams. Present results to project teams and at department meetings

Minimum Requirements
BS/MS with a minimum of 3 years prior experience in academia or industry in the field of cancer biology and/or immunology.
Extensive hands-on expertise in molecular and cellular biology experiments, especially in immune cell isolation and functional assays (i.e. activity, cytokine release, proliferation and phenotyping).
Proficiency at designing and executing multi-color flow cytometry assays and data analysis is highly desirable.
Experience in signal transduction, high-resolution imaging analysis and/or high-throughput instruments is a plus.
Why consider Novartis?
799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers our people to unleash their full potential.

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
368,Data Scientist,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description


CGI Federal is seeking a Data Scientist to assist with the client's Anti-Fraud work activities, which include a variety of specialized services to enable the Anti-Fraud initiative to operate in an Agile-based manner and deliver high quality, high-business-valued results (software, data or infrastructure) rapidly. The agency needs ample support for production-level ""big data"" use and architecture support that makes the creation and use of anti-fraud enterprise systems possible.
Your future duties and responsibilities


• Provide full system agile lifecycle support services in the areas of analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, project management, data management, data analysis, and maintenance activities.
• Experience translating high-level project requirements into technical tasks.
• Data manipulation and data engineering experience involving structured and unstructured data.
• Data manipulation expertise involving data extractions, data matching between multiple systems, transformations, cleansing, and loading.
• Experience with big data and cloud platforms (AWS) and toolset.
• Ability to engineer and create complex research datasets by manipulating typically large volume transactional data for use by operations research analysts, economists and statisticians in advanced analytical research and studies.
• Experience in developing predictive, prescriptive, optimization, and forecasting models, including the use of contemporary techniques such as support vector machines, neural networks, and gradient boosting.
• Experience in interpreting results from statistical and mathematical models.
• Experience in advance data visualizations and interpretation.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role


• Master's degree and 8+ years of experience OR Bachelor's degree and 14+ years of experience
• Experience with Python, SAS or R
• Experience with data mining and data engineering using Python and SQL Queries to extract and transform large volumes of data into a format suitable for analysis
• Supervise Machine Learning, using analytic algorithms such as regression, decision tree, linear SVM, RBF, k-NN or Random Forest
• Apply Unsupervised Learning methods and algorithms such as principal component and cluster analysis
• Building data visualizations using Python, Tableau, SAS, or R
• Experience with Linux and Windows
• Working in a team-based agile work environment

Preferred experience in the following:
• Working in an analytical research environment
• Using Master Files and related data
• Pandas and scikit-learn
• The Hadoop ecosystem
• Parallel computing using GPUs
• CUDA
• Mathematica
• MATLAB
• LaTex
• Natural Language Processing for anomaly detection

#CGIFederalJob

Skills

SAS
SQL
Python
Data Modeling
Data Analysis
Data Cleansing

What you can expect from us


Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this changesupporting our clients' digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI atwww.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox atUS_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you.Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Clickhere to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI's legal duty to furnish information.",3.6,"CGI
3.6","Baltimore, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$10+ billion (USD),-1
369,Senior Data Analyst,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Company:
Industrious is the largest premium workplace provider in the U.S. with nearly 100 locations in more than 50 U.S. cities. Its Workplace Experience platform, which pairs thoughtfully-designed spaces with hospitality-driven services and amenities, has reshaped the concept of coworking into a scalable solution for companies of all sizes and stages. Since its founding in 2013, Industrious has helped thousands of companies scale their businesses while maintaining the highest NPS scores in the industry. For more information, visit www.industriousoffice.com.
As we shape the future of workplace experience, we're looking for motivated, thoughtful, and collaborative people who are excited to join a high-growth, warm, and welcoming team. For more information, please visit www.industriousoffice.com/careers.

About the Role:
As the Data Analyst at Industrious, you are responsible for building the data-models that underpin our analytics and reporting. You have a flexible skillset: someone who is adept with SQL code, is experienced in ad-hoc data-modeling, and can partner with an engineer to build our data-warehouse.

This is an amazing role for a curious, analytical mind who is excited to touch all elements of the business and lay the foundation for analytics and insights.

You are a great fit for this role if:
You are eager to sit at the intersection of technology and analysis
You are an independent operator who can build from the ground up
Data engineering? Data analysis? Data science? You want to work with all three pieces of the analytics cycle
Responsibilities:
Partner with an engineer to build our data-warehouse
Develop the Redshift/Snowflake models that underpin our analytics and reporting
Serve as the bridge between our Analytics and Technology teams
Requirements:
Very strong SQL skills (preferably Postgresql)
Experience creating ad-hoc databases (e.g., using DBT or equivalent)
Experience transforming and analyzing large datasets
Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and techniques
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or similarly quantitative/technical field
Experience in analytics or a technical field
Preferred qualifications:
Experience with Data Lakes (e.g., (Redshift/Snowflake preferred) and proven ability to produce scalable solutions
Experience with connectors (e.g., FiveTran, Stitch)
Experience with visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Looker)
Experience working in a cloud-based environment (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google-Cloud)

Perks:

In addition to our incredible team, there are lots of other fun reasons to work with us.
Daily breakfast, snacks, coffee, tea, and drinks at all Industrious locations
Health care, including vision and dental
401K plan
Smart casual dress code
Generous vacation time
Paid parental leave
Team outings and annual company-wide offsite
Industrious in the News:
Industrious CEO Sees Company as Less Risky Than WeWork
Industrious' Jamie Hodari on the Return to Work
Coworking Spaces Prepare To Welcome People Back, Expect the Industry To Grow
Industrious is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Industrious believes that diversity is critical to our success in delivering great workplace experiences and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment which celebrates diversity of our people. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs.",3.6,"Industrious
3.6",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Membership Organizations,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
370,Data Scientist (Federal),$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

C3.ai is looking for a Data Scientist (Federal) to solve challenging, novel, and large-scale enterprise problems for Federal clients. In this capacity you will represent C3.ai as a technical expert and help our team to frame problems, choose appropriate machine learning algorithms, and identify opportunities to leverage the C3.ai Suite.

Recent examples of successful engagements include predictive maintenance on oil and gas equipment and aircraft subsystems, supply chain optimization, manufacturing yield optimization, chronic disease prevention, customer spend prediction, and equipment lifetime optimization.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve results at large-scale.

This role requires US Citizenship or US Permanent Residence.

Your Responsibilities:
Become an expert in the C3.ai Suite and associated tools to teach, enable, and assist C3.ai customers to build their own applications.
Design and deploy machine learning pipelines for C3.ai's federal customers.
Collaborate with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
US Citizenship or US Permanent Resident
Bachelor's degree
Strong understanding of machine learning algorithms & principles (regression analysis, time series, probabilistic models, supervised classification and unsupervised learning), and their application
Strong background in mathematics, statistics, and computer science
Excellent programming skills in Python
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference
Excellent verbal and written communication
Preferred
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields. Specialization in machine learning preferred.
Active Department of Defense (DoD) security clearance (Secret or higher)
Excellent programming skills in JavaScript. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Experience with deep learning, natural language processing, computer vision, or reinforcement learning
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.)
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits.

C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
371,Senior Data Engineer,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, or a related field or equivalent experience
Preferred Qualifications
3 years of experience working with database tools
3 years of programming experience using Python and C#
3 years of experience working with SQL server integration services or ETL tools
3 years of experience working with data integration tools
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite
Experience working with ETL tools
Knowledge of data integration tools
Knowledge of software programming languages, such as Python and C#
Job Summary

The Senior Data Engineer works with database engineers to design, develop and maintain the infrastructure of data within the data warehouse, including setting the ETL (extract, transform, load) processes, bringing in new data sources, modifying existing data sources, making sure data is clean, complete and consumable, as well as designing data models within the data warehouse.

The Senior Data Engineer works as part of one or more project teams and is responsible for designing and building mechanisms to move, integrate, cleanse and publish large volume datasets. This is a developer role with a specialty in data and requires deep knowledge of a variety of programming languages and design patterns.

Responsibilities
Design and support the new and evolving sources of data being brought into the data warehouse
Work closely with data architects and follow best practices for data management consumption
Work closely with business analysts to work through business requirements and develop processes to provide the needed data visibility via the data warehouse and reporting platform
Assist with application layer and metadata design
Assist with the design and create automated applications and reporting solutions
Work closely with front-end developers to ensure data is being brought in and data integrity is being maintained
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the data warehouse servers
Research and promote new tools and techniques to shape the future of the data environment
Mentor and train other data engineers
Who We Are

We're America's largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D. Power ranked Quicken Loans ""Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination"" for the past 10 consecutive years, 2010 - 2019. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for 6 consecutive years, 2014 through 2019, each year the company was eligible. There's a simple reason we've been so successful: We care about the people we work with.

If you're tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you'll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won't find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named #1 in ESSENCE Magazine's first ever list of ""Best Places to Work for African Americans"" in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's ""Best Places to Work in IT"" list for 13 years running, hitting #1 the last 5 years. We were also ranked #14 in FORTUNE Magazine's list of ""100 Best Companies to Work For"" in 2018, remaining in the top 30 for the past 15 years.

Disclaimer

This is an outline of the primary responsibilities of this position. As with everything in life, things change. The tasks and responsibilities can be changed, added to, removed, amended, deleted and modified at any time by the leadership group.",3.8,"Quicken Loans
3.8","Detroit, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
372,Senior Data Analyst,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

The Data Analyst will apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and data presentation to comprehend and identify trends and will provide technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems.

The selected candidate will have the unique opportunity to support the customer through the application of programmatic and quantitative methods to identify patterns and relationships in large data sets using mathematical, statistical, and other data-driven analysis to address intelligence questions. The Data Analyst will apply and enhance their skills with developing, running, and analyzing results of complex queries against massive scale data stores/data processing environments.

Basic Qualifications:
The Data Analyst will provide imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent solutions with organizational objectives, work under general direction, and determine and develop approaches to solutions independently.
Present findings to both technical and non-technical collaborators and stakeholders.
Gather and analyze data across sources and systems to identify trends and derive recommendations or make predictions.
Generate and compile reports to provide a holistic comprehension of important performance metrics for more informed decision-making.
Position requires a Bachelor's degree.
Position requires five (5) years of related experience.
Experience with All-Source data analysis to perform technical targeting analytic support in the Intelligence Community.
Developing and using computer languages (e.g. Python, R, Pig, Java, C, SQL, ECL) to perform large scale parallel processing of data, and to develop, validate, and use methodologies to support analytic requirements in clustered computing environments.
Knowledge of SQL and databases
Experience using analytic techniques and tools to conduct technical targeting analytic support to the customer.
Ability to collaborate with technical teams to provide solutions.
Experience developing custom algorithms to support analytic requirements against massive data stores.
Desired Skills:
Experience in the Intelligence Community.
Security Clearance:
Active TS/SCI Poly security clearance required.

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Herndon, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
373,Business Intelligence Analyst & Developer,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Everyone wants to work with people they respect. Even better if you can work with a company you respect. We have both at The David J. Joseph Company, and a 135+ year track record on operating an ethical business with a positive work culture. It may sound cliché, but it’s true. We’re a big, global company that still feels small.

Working at the David J. Joseph Company is unique. We offer employment in diverse settings such as traditional corporate headquarters, dynamic sales locations, and scrap recycling facilities. This workplace diversity gives our employees the variety they crave and the exposure to a global business. A career at The David J. Joseph Company is ideal for self-starters seeking to make an impact on our company and their careers.

The David J. Joseph Company (DJJ), founded in 1885, is a world leader in scrap metal recycling & trading. With over 80+ locations, the Joseph Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nucor Corporation (NUE) a Fortune 200 Company.

Responsibilities
Performs solution design, development, testing, debugging and maintenance for one or more of the following enterprise data team areas of responsibility:
Enterprise data modeling
ETL systems
BI semantic layers
Dashboards and reports
Ad-hoc data analysis
Participates in requirements gathering, design sessions, fact-finding and prototyping activities to drive business adoption of data products.
Documents detailed solution specifications, data mappings, test cases and maintenance routines.
Works collaboratively with other team members to evolve best practices and team standards for data visualization, data modeling, or data integration.
Develops and maintains knowledge of customer’s business by learning through a mix of project work, partnering with business users, and seeking out learning opportunities.
Participates, along with other team members, in a support rotation, handling system triage and resolving user-facing tickets.
Delivers solutions that are optimized for performance and proactively tunes and refactors existing solutions.
Develops and refines new and existing data products to ensure data quality and single source of truth.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or Business-related discipline is preferred. Equivalent combination of experience and education will be considered.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience including working knowledge of relational databases, data warehouse environments, and SQL.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience with business intelligence, data integration or data analytics tools and languages (for example: MicroStrategy, PowerBI, Tableau, MDX, multidimensional or tabular cubes; ETL development; R, Python).
Preferred experience utilizing source control systems to perform development tasks (git or TFS).
Preferred experience developing cloud-based data solutions (Azure, SnowFlake, RedShift, etc.)
Demonstrates working knowledge, practical skills and the ability to perform work under moderate supervision.
Must be detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple assignments effectively.
Requires effective communication skills to convey status, ideas and concepts in a team environment.
Requires professional demeanor with a high degree of flexibility, responsiveness and self-direction.
Benefits


We offer a competitive compensation and benefit package including paid training, bonus program, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverage, vacation, paid holidays, a 401(k) plan with match, tuition reimbursement and other great benefits.

EEO Statement


The David J Joseph Company (DJJ) is a drug-free workplace and conducts pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.DJJ is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, lactation/breastfeeding, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, familial status, disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. DJJ hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled. If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please click here.

DJJ reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to receive equal employment opportunity and/or perform the essential functions of the job, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to the Company. This applies to all applicants and teammates.DJJ also provides a work environment in which each teammate is able to be productive and work to the best of his or her ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. We expect and require the cooperation of all teammates in maintaining an atmosphere free from discrimination and harassment with mutual respect by and for all teammates and applicants.

E-Verify Information | E-Verify Notice

EJN


EJN",4.5,"The David J. Joseph Company
4.5","Cincinnati, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1885,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Metals Brokers,Mining & Metals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
374,"Data Scientist, Product Development",$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Spokeo is a people search engine that both enlightens and empowers our customers. With over 12 billion records and 18 million visitors per month, we reconnect friends, reunite families, prevent fraud, and more.

We are looking for a Data Scientist, Product Development to join us in Pasadena, CA, and help us turn our vast repository of data into usable information leveraging solutions that include matching techniques, machine learning, and graph theory to resolve entities across disparate data sets. Ultimately, these entity relationships will be used to build models that will be incorporated into the Spokeo product suite. This is part of Spokeo's Data Operations Team and is not an analytics-based role.

Responsibilities:
Profiling, processing, and evaluating large structured and unstructured data sets.
Developing data-driven models.
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods.
Collaborating with product and engineering to understand the needs of the company and assisting with the development of innovative solutions to meet those needs.
Productionalizing and maintaining algorithms primarily focused on entity resolution, linking, and scoring.
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and quality assurance metrics to constantly track performance.
Keeping up to date with the latest technology trends.
Performing Ad-hoc analysis and presenting results.
Requirements:
Degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, or other quantitative fields.
Minimum of 3 years of working experience in analytics, data mining, data visualization, and/or predictive modeling.
Proficiency in working with statistical tools (such as R, SAS), database query languages (SQL), and scripting languages (Python required).
Experience with Hadoop and NoSQL related technologies such as MapReduce, Spark, Hive, ElasticSearch, and DynamoDB.
Comfortable training and communicating complex ideas to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated ability to lead and execute projects from start to finish.
Privacy Notice for Candidates: https://www.spokeo.com/recruiting-policy

Spokeo is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Spokeo fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best products and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.

Recruiters or staffing agencies: Spokeo is not obligated to compensate any external recruiter or search firm who presents a candidate or their resume or profile to a Spokeo employee without 1) a current, fully-executed agreement on file and 2) being assigned to the open position (as a search) via our applicant tracking solution.

]]>",3.5,"Spokeo
3.5","Pasadena, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
375,SoC Performance Modeling Engineer,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB TITLE: SoC Performance Modeling Engineer

REQ ID#: DSA32800

OVERVIEW & IMPACT

The Technology Enabling and Development (TED) Lab is part of Samsung’s Memory Business Unit, the industry's technology and volume leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, and SRAM memory. TED has the charter to develop SSD for enterprise customers. More recently, TED has also been tasked to develop SSD controller architecture to support future enterprise SSD designs. We are an integral part of Samsung’s strong R&D focus & lab innovation engine. We work closely with development teams across geographically distributed sites to bring innovation to enterprise SSD product road maps.

The candidate will be a key technical member of TED Controller Architecture Team. He or she will join a team of experts in researching and developing innovative data center/cloud networking, storage, and compute ASIC/FPGA and system solutions. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing, enhancing, and correlating architecture models for SSD controllers, and will work for the performance modeling of Samsung’s SSD Controller SoCs. The primary focus will be on performance modeling of SOC design for architecture exploration. It includes the multiple levels of modeling from behavioral to cycle-accurate level, for each objectives. Ideal candidates should have strong on architecture modeling and development skills, expertise in Host interface (e.g, PCIe/NVMe/Gen-Z/CXL), CPUs, DRAM, Flash components controllers, cache controllers and interconnect.

We are seeking an SoC Performance Modeling Engineer with a passion to develop and document new and innovative ideas with the ability to demonstrate their value and impact.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Performance modeling of SoC for architecture exploration.
Analysis and profiling tools development
Performance database framework development.
REQUIRED SKILLS
MS, PhD candidate in EE/CS/CE
Experience of performance modeling for full system data flow
Prior knowledge of SystemC and TLM2
Excellent scripting and automation of workflows, in C/C++ and/or Python.
Familiarity with ASIC, computer and embedded system architecture
Excellent written and verbal communication, excellent organization skills, and highly self-motivated.
Strong working knowledge of modeling tools and techniques.
Ability to summarize performance data and communicate issues effectively
PREFERED SKILLS
Experience of storage related project with NVMe, PCIe, and NAND control.
Experience of modeling EDA tools, like Platform Architect, Cycle Model Studio, Matlab/Simulink.
Advanced methodology like systemVerilog-OVM or systemVerilog-UVM
Statistical analysis
Scripting (esp Python / R)
Visualization (e.g. matplotlib, seaborn, etc.)
**************************************************************************************Samsung Semiconductor Inc. (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays.
*************************************************************************************

A day in the life Samsung Video: http://bit.ly/1saHOGu

Click here to visit our Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
376,Analytical Chemist/Scientist for Biologics Group,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Opportunity
Are you looking for a fast paced position in a rapidly growing company? We are seeking an Analytical Chemist/Scientist for our Biologics Group in Ann Arbor, Michigan. We are searching for talented and motivated individuals that would enjoy working in a team oriented, entrepreneurial company.
Job Description and Responsibilities
Learn techniques spanning across the entire spectrum of analytical chemistry from wet chemistry to HPLC, NMR, Mass Spectrometry, FTIR, GC and GC-MS
Perform testing using a variety of technologies including HPLC, LC-MS, GC, GC/MS, Microscopy, FTIR and UV
Execute projects in support of client needs including product deformulation and product development, failure analysis and problem solving, impurity identification, extractable and leachable studies, and structural characterization
Follow all safety requirements including wearing appropriate personal protective equipment
Generate supporting laboratory documentation
Ensure compliance with government rules and regulations (FDA, cGMP, DEA, ICH, OSHA, etc.)
Implement new equipment and processes independently, capable of conducting appropriate qualification and validation activities
Execute projects with minimal supervision
Have the ability to analyze data from the qualitative to the rigorously statistical and defend conclusions based on data
Have the ability to demonstrate strong problem-solving and analytical abilities
Requirements
Experience with analytical method development
Experience with protein mass spectrometry, proteomics (LC-MS/MS or LC-QTOF)
Experience with mammalian cell culture
Experience working with proteins and nucleic acids
Experience with HPLC or FPLC
Effective scientific writer (experience with report writing)
Effective oral presenter (experience with scientific presentations)
Effective time management
Must be a flexible, adaptable, self-driven team player with a positive attitude
Preferred
Hands-on experience with AAV or lentivirus
Hands-on experience with viral transduction assays
Experience with capillary electrophoresis
Experience with GC-MS
Experience with method validation
Experience with MALDI or TOF
Experience with QC method development/validation
Bachelor's degree (preferred)
3-7 years’ experience
Why Work for Us?
Avomeen is a full-service laboratory with unique analytical, product testing and formulation development expertise. Each member of the Avomeen team plays a critical and visible role in delivering high-quality scientific solutions, providing them with an opportunity to directly impact Avomeen’s success and advance their career. We make every effort to reward outstanding performance and provide interesting and scientifically challenging work. In order to ensure the success, development, and growth of our employees, we are committed to offering a variety of training opportunities.
Become Part of our Community
We recognize that our single greatest resource is our people, and our team members choose Avomeen not only to join our scientific knowledge-based community, but also to become part of a collaborative team committed to exemplary science and service to our clients. Successful Avomeen employees have a positive, client-centric outlook, and embody principles of integrity and leadership, as well as creativity, flexibility, and perseverance.",3.8,"Avomeen
3.8","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
377,Senior Data Analyst - Tableau,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Do you have a passion for creating dynamic and visually appealing visualizations with Tableau? Enjoy doing complex, sophisticated calculations within Tableau?

This Senior Data Analyst role will include building and maintaining Tableau dashboards. The maintenance of dashboards will include updating the dashboards and updating calculations. To be able to complete the maintenance of the dashboards, it will be important that you understand how joins operate, the difference between context and dimension filters, and LOD calculations. When we build new dashboards, it is important that we can make visualizations that are both engaging and easy for people to understand.

If this is you, Apply Today!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to serve as key resource/SME in collection and analysis of data from multiple sources for the development of reports and statistical information. In this role, you will complete complex, sophisticated calculations within Tableau by utilizing multiple sources of raw data and summarizing calculations in Tableau with the raw data.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports as needed.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
May provide leadership, orientation, training, coaching, and mentoring to staff on how to access reports and interpret the data.
Identifies data trends and makes recommendations for quality improvement.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Technical degree required
Bachelors Degree preferred - Data Scientist, Data Analyst, Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Science, or similar degree.
Work Experience:
3 years of experience preferred.
Tableau experience of 3 years highly desired
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the links below for more information.

E-Verify Right to Work (links to E-verify sites)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
378,Medical Laboratory Scientist,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.
Follows Hospital and department policies and procedures with special attention to attendance and punctuality, confidentiality, dress code and display of ID badge, and safety.
Completes mandatory education and training in order to maintain organization and department-specific competencies and requirements.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.
One year training in approved program with registry/certification at Medical Technologist/ Clinical Laboratory Scientist level (MLS or MT) or registry eligible.
OR
Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc.) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc.).

Languages:

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred upon hire, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).
Certification must be obtained within one year of hire.

Complexity of Work:

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None required.

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows Standard Precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Akron, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
379,Data Analyst,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst
10744
Menlo Park, CA
6/2/2020 2:54:00 PM

Learning
Contractor - W2

Job Description
Responsibilities

Primary
Query data and provide reports/query results to stakeholders
Manage requests and priorities independently
Provide documentation of queries/inbound requests for future use in improving GBM’s data infrastructure
Create new or improve existing dashboards by adding new metrics to support Business Education and other teams within the company

Secondary
Communicate with internal stakeholders about dashboards, and provide support about which metrics are available and from where
Understand existing data policy restrictions and determine if queries are possible to run/share
Skills

Minimum Qualifications

· 4+ years of experience in analytics or similar field

· Advanced proficiency in SQL

· Experience problem solving and providing business insights and recommendations from data

· Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and drive initiatives in a cross-functional environment

· Ability to communicate complex data issues to audiences of different levels of technical expertise

Preferred Qualifications

· Experience building out large data sets and pipelines

· Python or similar scripting experience

Education

Minimum Qualifications

· Bachelor’s degree in a technical focus area

Preferred Qualifications

· MBA or graduate degree in a quantitative field

Job Requirements",3.8,"IntraEdge
3.8","Menlo Park, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
380,Machine Learning Engineer - Home Timeline,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Twitter is what’s happening and what people are talking about right now. For us, life's not about a job, it's about purpose. We believe real change starts with conversation. Here, your voice matters. Come as you are and together we'll do what's right (not what's easy) to serve the public conversation.

Job Description

Twitter's Consumer Product Teams are responsible for core features of twitter.com, which includes Timelines, Tweets, Search, Trends, Recommendations, Notifications, Tweet details/permalink, and more! Our code operates at massive scale and speed, serving billions of requests per day, connecting hundreds of millions of active Twitter users to real-time information about their lives and the world we live in.

Who We Are:
At Twitter, our mission is to instantly connect users to the information most meaningful to them. Realizing this involves work in areas such as machine learning, applied data science, recommendation systems, information retrieval systems, natural language processing, large graph analysis, spam, etc.

The team’s mission is to show users the content they care about. We build relevance and machine learning models and systems to power the core of the Twitter product. Every time users see new tweets we evaluate candidates from the nearly half a billion daily tweets to select, organize and deliver the best timeline. The recent products and technologies built by our team have shown consistent results in driving retention and are some of largest contributors of engagements on the platform.

What You'll Do:
Although you will work on cutting-edge problems, this position is not a research position. You will participate in the engineering life-cycle at Twitter, including designing distributed systems, writing production code, conducting code reviews and working alongside our infrastructure and reliability teams. You’ll apply data science, machine learning and/or graph analysis techniques to a variety of modeling and relevance problems involving users, their relationships, their tweets and their interests.

Qualifications

Who You Are:
You’re a relevance engineer, applied data scientist or machine-learning engineer who wants to work on exciting algorithmic and deep infrastructure issues. You’re experienced solving large scale relevance problems and comfortable doing incremental quality work while building brand new systems to enable future quality improvements.
Knowledgeable in one or more of the following: machine learning, information retrieval, recommendation systems, social network analysis
Designed and evaluated approaches for handling high-volume real-time data streams.
A strong technical advocate with a background in Java, C++, or Scala, and Python.
Comfortable conducting design and code reviews.
Experienced in operating Linux-based systems.
Knowledgeable of core CS concepts such as: common data structures and algorithms, profiling/optimization.
Passionate about working with large unstructured and structured data sets ( for example multi-terabyte+, 100MM+ daily transaction volumes).
Experienced in collaborating across multiple teams including analytics, product management, and operations.
Requirements:
B.S., M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science or equivalent degree with 2+ years of industry experience.
Additional Information

We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status.

San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.",4.0,"Twitter
4.0","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
381,Lead-Data Analyst,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want career growth and development opportunities? We also offer relocation assistance.

The Data Analyst Lead provides complex analysis of both quantitative and qualitative healthcare data from various data sources in support of institutional decisions. This person will bring significant value to both the technical and non-technical sides of the organization by performing and training others on complex exploratory analysis for further technical development or by developing or overseeing the development of high quality, impactful dashboards using charts, graphs, drilldown, navigation and other data visualization techniques. The position is responsible for the day-to-day design, development, monitoring, documentation and support of all products as well as mentoring and guiding all junior staff members.
Bachelor's degree in a related field is required
Master's degree in Computer Science, MIS or related area preferred
Eight (8) years' experience in a related position or IT area including five (5) years of data analytics experience building data visualization, scorecards, dashboards or reports using tools such as Cognos, DA2, SAS, Business Objects, Power BI, Tableau, Oracle or Sysbase is required
Experience with various coding systems such as SNODO, SNOMED, CPT-4, ID-9, ICD10-CM, ICD10-PCA preferred
Experience with Cerner is strongly preferred with knowledge regarding patient registration, orders, results, lab, diagnostics, coding, billing etc
Experience with SQL and knowledge of query tools to access data products such SQL Server and Oracle etc preferred
Experience with multidimensional data sources, clinical operations or clinical documentation is preferred
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.",4.7,"St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
4.7","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1962,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
382,Data Lab Architect,$107k-$171k (Glassdoor Est.),"· BS level technical degree required; Computer Science or Mathematics background preferred.
· 10+ years of Machine Learning and/or Analytics Systems development and deployment experience, IT systems and engineering experience, security and compliance experience, etc.
· Experience of software development and/or IT and implementation/consulting experience.
· Experience implementation and tuning in the Big Data Ecosystem, (such as EMR, Hadoop, Spark, R, Presto, Hive), ML Platforms (SageMaker, Kubeflow, Azure Machine Learning, SAS, Domino), and MLOps (model development, orchestration and deployment, monitoring, optimization).
· Track record of implementing AWS services in a variety of business environments such as large enterprises and start-ups.

Do you love building software and thinking big about how data and AI can change the world? Are you a data and analytics specialist? Do you have deep expertise in developing platforms optimized for analytics and machine learning solutions at scale? Would you like a career that gives you opportunities to help customers and partners use cloud computing services to build new ML solutions, faster, and at lower cost?

At AWS, we’re hiring highly technical ML platform solution architects and engineers to collaborate with our customers on building solutions in database, data management, and analytics/machine learning. AWS Data Labs are a Seattle, AWS headquarters based facility where customers come to build data and analytics platforms. You will focus on real time and batch-based data processing, business intelligence, analytics, and machine learning platforms. These solutions are built alongside the customer and quickly put into production use in a matter of weeks. You'll work closely with AWS Field Teams including Solution Architects, Technical Account Managers, and AWS Service Developers to partner with customers to solve hard problems with data. Every day, you'll be working with AWS Services and Data Labs Customers to determine the optimal implementation, build it, prove it works, extract documents and CloudFormation templates to speed project delivery. If you are builder, and love data, then this could be your ideal job!

· Knowledge of foundation infrastructure requirements such as Networking, Storage, and Hardware Optimization.
· Ability to understand complex business requirements and render them as prototype systems with quick turnaround time.
· Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations and virtual teams.
· Hands on experience leading large-scale big data and analytics projects.
· Demonstrated industry leadership in the fields of Big Data processing, Data Sciences and Machine Learning.
· Deep understanding of data, application, server, and network security
· Experience with Statistics, Machine Learning and Predictive Modeling.
· Hands on experience as a database, data warehouse, big data/analytics developer or administrator, or work as a data scientist.
· Hands on experience architecting, deploying and maintaining production machine learning systems.
· Experience working within the software development or Internet industries is highly desired.
· Technical degrees in computer science, software engineering, or mathematics
· Working knowledge of modern software development practices and technologies such as agile methodologies and DevOps/MLOps.
· AWS Certification, eg. AWS Solutions Architect, Big Data, Developer, Machine Learning, DevOps, SysOps",3.9,"Amazon.com Services LLC
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
383,Marketing Analytics Manager,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Marketing Analytics Manager

Rational is growing, and we need amazing talent to join our team. If you have an entrepreneurial attitude with a deep spirit of service and killer subject expertise, we want to talk to you. We are always looking for the next great consultant to raise the bar and push Rational to be better than we were yesterday. Staying hungry, curious, and looking forward to what’s next is part of our DNA.

We are currently looking for a Marketing Analytics Manager.

What You Will Do:
Thoroughly understand all things happening across various marketing platforms analytics
Offer strategic insights to your team and client
Help our clients achiever their digital marketing goals across various metrics
Use marketing analytics to build a story behind the numbers
What You Will Bring:
5-7 years marketing analytics experience
Experience deriving insight from various sources/platforms
Ability to analyze numbers and trends and present findings to your team and clients
Proven ability to interact successfully with cross-functional teams and build collaborative relationships
Ability to effectively communicate complex development tasks to non-technical resources and stakeholders
Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Communications, Information Technology, Business or a related field a plus
Experience at agency a plus
Who You Are:
Influencer. Well-honed ability to influence at all levels, strong interpersonal skills and high EQ.
Proactive. You are always thinking ahead about what is best for the Client.
Adaptable. Change happens at lightning speed; you are flexible, enjoy challenge, and get behind new ideas.
Rational is a customer experience (CX) solutions firm that pairs the capabilities of a strategic consultancy with the creativity of a full-service digital agency. We design and activate compelling experiences that create strong connections between people and brands. We put humans at the center of business and partner with our clients to deliver meaningful experiences that help their customers while driving business success. Customer satisfaction at every level is our ultimate metric, and it's what drives our mindset, skillset, and company culture.

Incredible people are our non-negotiable. Our experienced team of consultants spans the globe. We love what we do, and who we do it with – let’s begin our next chapter together.

Rational is committed to ensuring all candidates have an equal opportunity to be considered for employment. Please let us know if you need any reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process.",2.7,"Rational
2.7","Bellevue, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
384,"Risk Specialist, Data Science - Suptech",$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview

Financial Institution Supervision and Credit (FISC) at the Federal Reserve
Bank of San Francisco supervises financial institutions, and service providers
to financial institutions, in the 12th Federal Reserve District. Our mission is
to ensure a safe, sound, and accessible financial system. The Suptech (ST) Team
within the Risk, Policy, and Analysis Group directly supports FISC’s strategic
objective of deepening our knowledge of, and thought leadership in, the
utilization of new and evolving technologies in our supervisory programs and
examination processes. This cross-disciplinary team of developers and/or data
scientists collaborates with colleagues throughout FISC to identify product
development opportunities, design solutions, and facilitate their implementation.
ST additionally has education, outreach
and advocacy responsibilities on the use of technology in supervision.

Job Summary

The Risk Specialist, Data Science for Suptech plays an essential role in
supporting FISC’s supervision objectives and functions. We are looking for a
subject matter expert with data science expertise to support assessment and
monitoring of risk at supervised institutions.
You will lead or provide critical input to the identification,
prioritization, and development of applied data science opportunities across
FISC, with a focus on the Regional, Community and Foreign Examinations Group.
Additionally, you will work closely with multiple stakeholders throughout the
Bank to support the overall Mission, and to deliver on FISC’s vision for
developing and implementing innovative solutions, powered by data and machine
learning and integral to the risk assessment, supervisory program, and
examination processes.

Key
responsibilities include:
Develop or build
upon already existing expertise around machine learning applications, as well
as supervisory examination, risk assessment, and risk monitoring processes, to
help lead developing methods for applying data mining, NLP, and machine
learning to improve the Division’s analytical and supervisory capabilities.
Collect and
direct, perform, or support analysis of data to generate and test working hypotheses,
conduct thorough assessments, and draw actionable recommendations to be used by
examination team(s) and a broader Reserve Bank audience.
Direct and/or build
data ingestion processes to prepare, extract, and enrich a variety of both
structured and unstructured data sources such as news, internal/external
documents, external financial information, and confidential supervisory
information.
Develop, document
& maintain statistical, financial and/or econometric models to analyze
capital, asset quality, earnings, liquidity risk exposure, or other
sophisticated concepts, including non-financial risk, at banking institutions.
Direct, or provide
analytical support to, the development of innovative solutions leveraging
emerging technologies to address evolving needs of supervision and examination
management and staff, with a particular focus on identifying, measuring,
monitoring, and mitigating existing risk and emerging risk concerns, or improving
efficiencies in supervisory program or examination processes.
Collaborate with
business partners across FRBSF and FISC to prioritize requirements in the risk,
supervision and data science domains.
Position Requirements
Bachelor's
and Master's Degree preferably in Business/Finance or an analytical field such
as Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science with a minimum of 3+
years of related experience to include:
3+ years of
experience in a data science/modeler role specifically focused on risk, banking
supervision, and/or financial regulation.
2+ years of
experience in working at financial regulatory institutions with large datasets
to build models and algorithms with open source technologies as part
supervisory and/or risk assessment processes.
Established
ability to work with large structured and unstructured financial data sets and
have the required statistical skills to analyze and prepare them for modeling
and algorithm development.
Knowledge of
the banking industry and related supervision and regulation framework
Proficiency
and applied experience in quantitative risk modeling, including the use of
modeling software.
Ability to
analyze and interpret quantitative financial information, including but not
limited to balance sheet data and market data.
Strong
statistical modelling and programming skills in R or Python
Proficiency
in SQL – able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets.
Comfortable
working in a loosely structured organization on a tight schedule.
Strong
written and verbal communication and presentation skills including ability to
effectively share results with both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience
with data visualization packages (e.g. ggplot2, plotly); experience building
interactive dashboards and apps (e.g. Shiny) is a plus but not required.
Familiarity
with model development lifecycle, and in particular model validation processes
(e.g. SR 11-7).
We are looking for candidates
that exhibit these behavioral competencies: analytical thinking, innovation,
communication for results, flexibility, initiative, collaboration, and risk
management.

The Federal Reserve Bank of
San Francisco believes in the diversity of our people, ideas, and experiences
and are committed to building an inclusive culture that is representative of
the communities we serve.

We will ensure that
individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to
participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential
job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.

The Federal Reserve Bank of
San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1913,Government,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
385,"Sr. Scientist, T Cell Immunologist",$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr. Scientist, T Cell Immunologist*
Mozart Therapeutics is an early-stage biopharmaceutical company located in Seattle, WA, focused on developing novel immune engagers that specifically target a subset of T lymphocytes to delay the onset and ameliorate targeted autoimmune diseases. The company is seeking a highly motivated and experienced individual who can work in a dynamic start-up environment to provide scientific leadership to a small pre-clinical immunotherapy research team for the discovery and development of therapeutic candidates in inflammatory and autoimmune disease.
Responsibilities: *
· Design, direct and perform pre-clinical studies to develop and advance novel therapeutic molecules for the treatment of patients with Celiac disease and other autoimmune diseases

· Perform data processing and analysis, integrate, interpret, and present data, make conclusions and propose next steps to advance project. Manage the routine reports and data analysis developed and maintained by other team members

· Work in coordination with team members to design and execute experimental protocols. Ensure that scientific rigor is applied to all studies: including controls, assays and techniques, reproducibility. Present experiments and data at research group meetings

· Perform other duties related to specific laboratory needs including: perform basic cell culture culture cells using sterile techniques; help maintain TC supplies, reagent qualification, testing, aliquotting as needed

· Provide project leadership & management of the implementation of the Research plan to include direct internal team and CROs on the execution of specific projects

· Will interpret data in a way that supports the identification of novel targets and approaches for next generation therapeutic molecules.

· Day to day operations will require independent judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation/modification of standard techniques, procedures and criteria.
Qualifications: *
The successful Sr. Scientist candidate will have:

· PhD and minimum of 8 years relevant industry or academic research environment and a minimum 3 years of previous experience with discovery, validation and development of immune modulatory biologics;

· Expertise in human and mouse T cell immunology, signaling pathways, and molecular mechanisms of T cell functions

· Working knowledge of inflammatory & autoimmune disease, expertise in celiac disease preferred

· Working knowledge in target identification and validation

· Working expertise in in vitro assay development, complex flow analyses, execution and trouble shooting

· Experience in in vivo animals models a must, experience working with CROs preferred

· Strong analytical, troubleshooting, and decision-making skills

· Experience working in highly collaborative research environment

· Excellent critical thinking and scientific acumen, with a demonstrated ability to analyze, interpret, and clearly communicate (orally and in writing) complex data and their impact to program and research strategy

· A strong team player with a passion for science and helping discover and develop novel therapies for unmet medical needs

Mozart Therapeutics is an innovative, fast paced, collaborative culture looking to hire individuals who are seeking to make a significant contribution to advancing and developing novel immune engagers that target a subset of T lymphocytes to improve clinical outcomes in patients with autoimmune diseases. We are a _privately held biopharmaceutical company founded in 2020. We offer our employees competitive compensation and benefits, including paid time off, health insurance, life insurance and stock options._ We are an equal opportunity employer.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Experience:
Research Experience: 8 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Mozart Therapeutics,"Seattle, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
386,"Senior Product Data Analyst, Consumer",$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US, and we're expanding globally. Ready to come along for the ride?

About the Role

At CarGurus we use data, not hunches, to inform decisions. Product Analysts play a key role in crafting the data narrative for these decisions. We love to collaborate, we're excited by a challenge, and we believe that ownership enables us to grow.

This Product Analyst role will support the Consumer Products team, where you will have opportunities for outsized positive impact. Your data insights will play a big part in helping millions of site visitors have a more transparent and enjoyable car shopping experience. We are looking for thoughtful, daringly curious candidates who can dive into complex data and draw insightful conclusions. You'll work cross-functionally with many departments and partners, and gain exposure to multiple dimensions of the business.

Our team values diversity in experience and backgrounds—we do our best work when we create a space for different voices and perspectives. Whatever unique experiences or skill sets you bring to the table, we look forward to learning from each other

What You'll Do:
Conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources (e.g. website usage, dealer behavior patterns and customer insights) to understand the performance of existing products and see opportunities for new product offerings
Partner with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to grow our business, including recommending and advocating for performance improvement ideas
Define metrics to evaluate business performance, products and experiments; build reports and dashboards to monitor and understand them
Communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key partners
Be a voice and advocate for using data to improve the quality of our decision making
Mentor data analysts on technical and professional development
Who You Are:
4+ years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or SaaS product data a plus)
Proficiency in SQL and Python/R, or other scripting language
Strong grasp of statistical concepts (confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, regression models)
Knowledge of BI and reporting tools, or demonstrated ability in learning new tool
Ability to influence multiple stakeholders to adopt new data-driven approaches and achieve shared business goals
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
CarGurus Culture:

At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the company—our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.

We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potential—where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada, the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.",3.9,"CarGurus
3.9","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
387,Data Engineer,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary of Responsibilities

Codes and develops software applications. Works as part of a development team on the design and implementation of analytical applications, including current Business Intelligence technologies, modern programming languages (Python, Scala, R) and current SQL database skills. Conducts requirement analysis, produces design documents on proposed solutions, and delivers consistent, test-covered, high quality code in a timely fashion. Recommends and completes product revisions or enhancements based on feedback. Develops and maintains documentation as required.

Performs work under minimal supervision. Handles moderate to complex issues and problems, and engages higher-level staff on only the most complex issues as necessary. Possesses comprehensive knowledge of subject matter. Provides coaching, and/or mentoring to a subordinate group.

Preferred Experience and Skills

Four to Eight year of related experience
Technical expertise and detail orientated
Complex problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Analytical thinking skills
Ability to build collaborative skills
Agile/SCRUM methodology experience
Azure DevOps experience
Property and Casualty insurance experience
4+ years of Hands-on experience with SQL databases, SSIS/Informatica ETL, Power BI, Cloud based integration tools.
Knowledge of Data warehousing concepts, and data modeling using Kimball methodology.

Preferred Education and Training

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field

INDSP",3.5,"West Bend Mutual Insurance Company
3.5","West Bend, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1894,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
388,Data Science Manager,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Science Manager will manage a team of statisticians in research and development of new predictive models and new analytical techniques related to insurance pure premiums, customer life time value, customer buying behaviors and related topics using internal and external data. You will start your Data Science Manager role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Provide analytics for setting price, underwriting and products strategies.Implement analysis and modeling tests.
Develop and enhance models used in a variety of contexts within the product management structure.
Advance modeling capabilities.
Work with colleagues in various departments to facilitate the application of models developed considering the regulatory and competitive contexts.
Ensure models are understood, implications are appropriately assessed, implementation plans are defined,validation of results are undertaken and adjustments are made.
Qualifications and Education
Master's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering or related field (willing to accept foreign education equivalent) and a minimum of seven (7) years’ experience in managerial role supervising predictive/advanced analytics.
Alternatively, will accept Ph.D. and five years’ experience in managerial role supervising predictive/advanced analytics.
Demonstrated expertise in SAS.
Demonstrated expertise in Bayesian statistics.
Demonstrated experience in developing multivariate predictive models in an insurance environment.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.6,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.6","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
389,Fungal Scientist,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description/Primary Duties and Responsibilities: *
Biotechnical Scientist to provide scientific, engineering, and analysis in Biotechnology. This area includes experimental and theoretical pursuits mainly focused in microbiology, biochemistry, molecular biology and biological materials. Support services shall include the following:
Cloning experiments including: nucleic acid handling, purification, and quantification. Further enzymatic assays such as Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), restriction digestion, and ligation reactions for synthetic biology projects
Growth experiments with anaerobic and aerobic microorganisms in a bioreactor or standard incubator requiring sterile technique, preparation of growth media, plates and freezer stocks and perform growth curves
Separation and analysis of metabolites from bacterial culture
Purification and characterization of microbial cell materials
Characterization of binding interactions in traditional and novel biological assays
Write reports and briefings and conduct presentations on results
Interact with OGAs, Contractors, and universities and support the development of technical packages.
_The position includes the following responsibilities: _*
Work as part of a team to help with the isolation, identification, and cultivation of fungi from environmental samples.
Evaluate a variety of filamentous fungi for potential use as platform organisms for genetic engineering/synthetic biology.
Develop genetic engineering protocols and tools for filamentous fungi.
Develop methods for high throughput culturing, assays, and genetic engineering of filamentous fungi.
Maintain detailed records of work in progress and completed.
Execute experiments, analyze data, and report on project results.
Develop and follow Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Set up and maintain associated equipment.
Stay current with relevant literature.
Seek relevant opportunities to remain current on technological developments in the field.
Skills & Education Requirement: *
PhD or Master’s in molecular biology, genetics, biochemistry, microbiology, biological engineering or related field.
Experience with culturing, analysis, and genetics of filamentous fungi.
Experience with heterologous protein production and purification.
Experience developing and optimizing enzyme assays.
Microbiology and molecular biology laboratory techniques: pipetting, aseptic techniques, making media and buffer solutions, designing primers, DNA and RNA extraction and purification, PCR, gel electrophoresis, protein expression and purification.
Facility with data analysis and visualization.
Additional desired skills: *
Experience with genome editing/engineering of filamentous fungi
Bioinformatics, synthetic biology software
Flow cytometry, cell sorting
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills to discuss issues and potential solutions with other groups and personnel to find answers to a new problem set.
Ability to work with a multidisciplinary team of research scientists.
MS Suite of office applications
Good attention to detail and documentation
Strong work ethic, positive attitude, self-starter, punctual and good attendance record with the desire to develop professionally
Must have or be able to obtain a secret clearance
US Citizenship required
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
related: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
License:
US Citizenship (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"General Technical Services, LLC and Fibertek, Inc.
3.1","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
390,Senior Data Engineer,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the role: *
We’re looking for a curious, analytical, and detail-oriented individual who enjoys writing complex SQL, is comfortable with Tableau, and has knowledge or interest in Python, Scala, or R. This individual will help us better understand all quantitative aspects of our business by delivering key insights through data visualization and analysis, covering topics such as customer acquisition, funnel optimization, and processing efficiency -- amongst many others. This will be a highly cross-functional role supporting multiple business functions.
What you’ll do: *
Write complex SQL queries against a variety of data sources and data lakes
Build ETL pipeline in AWS infrastructure using Python/Scala, AWS DMS, AWS Glue, and Redshift
Build data visualizations using Tableau to enable business to more easily explore data
Work cross-functionally with multiple departments to provide required analytics and insights needed to support the business needs
Become an expert on our data, and work closely with engineering to improve the data model to serve the needs of data analytics and data science
Develop models that explore our data using Python or R that yield additional insights into the business
What we’re looking for: *
Must love data!
Undergraduate degree in computer science, mathematics, economics, or other quantitative discipline
3+ years of experience in a data engineering role
Expert-level SQL proficiencyExpert-level Tableau proficiency
Prior ETL experienceWorking knowledge of Python or Scala or R or similar and willingness to learn
Strong written and verbal communication skills
A team player who works well with others
Not required, but nice to have: *
Prior experience with Salesforce
Prior experience with Redshift
Experience at a fintech or technology-enabled lender
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
This position will be working remotely for the foreseeable future (at least 3 to 9 months) due to COVID-19.

Experience:
data engineering: 3 years (Required)
Company's website:
www.lendeavor.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.7,"Lendeavor
3.7","Columbus, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Unknown,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
391,Senior Product Data Analyst,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Remitly, we help immigrant communities around the world send $6 billion a year to their loved ones. Sending money is faster, easier, and costs less with our all-digital money transfer platform. We want to transform the lives of immigrants and their families by providing the most trusted financial service products on the planet. At Remitly, your work has a direct and positive impact on people around the globe. Your work matters, every day.

The Role:

The North America Product team at Remitly is in charge of optimizing our customer experience through a test and learn agenda. As a Senior Product Analyst on this team, you will work with product managers, engineers, and UX designers to guide product improvements for our customers. You will propose data-driven hypotheses to improve our customer experience, design and analyze A/B tests. The quantitative insights you bring will have an out-sized impact on the business. You will report directly to our Director of Product Analytics.

What You'll Do:
You will uncover product insights in our conversion funnel, with the goal of increasing healthy customer conversion by increasing our new customer adoption rates and monthly active customers.
You will visualize a quantitative view of the performance of our customer acquisition and onboarding funnel that results in applicable analysis.
You ask, ""Why?"" and question the status quo. You view unexpected data results as a puzzle to be solved, a challenge that you accept.
You can explain the methods behind your analyses and validate your results. Once you have data to support your ideas, you're willing to advocate for and move your recommendations forward.
About you:
Bachelor's degree in a technical, business, or quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or related field).
Minimum five years of relevant experience in a product or customer analytics role.
Experience designing and analyzing A/B experiments and are comfortable with basic statistical techniques
Experience working at startups or large consumer internet/technology companies
Experience with technical skills (e.g. SQL, R, Python) and data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)
Our Benefits:
Unlimited paid time off
Health, dental, and vision benefits + 401k plan with company matching
Company contributions to your HSA or FSA plan, if you choose one
Continuing education and corridor travel benefits
Scholars program
Remitly is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Equal employment opportunity has been, and will continue to be, a fundamental principle at Remitly. We are committed to nondiscrimination across our global organization and in all of our business operations. Employment is determined based upon personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, gender identification and expression, marital status, military status or status as an honorably discharge/veteran, pregnancy (including a woman's potential to get pregnant, pregnancy-related conditions, and childbearing), sexual orientation, age (40 and over), national origin, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical, mental, or sensory disability (including the use of a trained dog guide or service animal), HIV/AIDS or hepatitis C status, genetic information, status as an actual or perceived victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other protected class as established by law.

Remitly is an E-Verify Employer",4.3,"Remitly
4.3","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
392,Data Scientist,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Data Scientist

Location: Field - US East

WHY YOU'LL LOVE SALESLOFT:

Put Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.

These are the values that define who we are, that have empowered our staggering growth, and could be instrumental to your career development

Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with offices in San Francisco, New York, London, Indianapolis, and Guadalajara, SalesLoft is growing rapidly and is looking for future Lofters to join our team. As a testament to our Organizational Health, SalesLoft has been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Startup Employers in 2020, twice by Deloitte as a 'Fastest-Growing Technology Company in North America,' featured by The New York Times as a start-up on a path to a $1B valuation, and has been recognized as a '#1 Best Place to Work in Atlanta' three separate years. SalesLoft is ranked #1 in the emerging category of Sales Engagement software and is on a mission to equip companies to maximize revenue by creating a fantastic buying experience.

We're redefining an age old industry! This is challenging work – but our team of brilliant creatives makes the journey thrilling. We're fast-paced, innovative, and collaborative. We pursue excellence in everything and have a lot of fun along the way. Come join us!

THE OPPORTUNITY:

Although we're proud of our history, we're just as excited about the future. We want to create a world-class culture and company that attracts, develops, engages and retains elite talent.

At SalesLoft, our data scientists are pivotal to our company's success. You will be a key member of our fast-growing and high-performing data science team and will conduct innovative machine learning research and build product feature prototypes that will deliver value to our customers.

On a day-to-day basis, you will be responsible for solving business problems using our in-house data and your technical prowess. Specifically, you will:
Apply advanced statistical techniques and concepts to analyze data from the company databases and other unstructured data sources to build innovative product features, marketing content, and internal services.
Invest in the sales engagement domain; collaborate with product, engineering, sales, customer success, and other teams to understand business and customer needs, and translate them to tangible data science problems.
Own and manage complex projects and communicate effectively with stakeholders.
Contribute to the rapid growth of the research organization, being flexible in data engineering, algorithmist, and analyst responsibilities as they arise.
In addition to working with amazing colleagues who exemplify our 'team over self' core value, you will also have the opportunity to leverage your mathematical skills and technical expertise to transform the sales engagement space. You will have an opportunity to make a difference.

WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR:

We are seeking a hungry and passionate person who will be instrumental in growing the data science organization at the most successful early stage SaaS company in Atlanta. We are looking for someone who enjoys, and is unafraid of, getting their hands dirty with unstructured, unlabeled data and can think out of the box to solve business problems.

If you're looking for an opportunity to learn more, do more, and become more than previously possible… If you're passionate about innovation, growth and serving customers and thrive in a fast-paced, developmental environment, then becoming a Data Scientist at SalesLoft is the career path for you!

THE TEAM:

Our SalesLoft's Data Science team is comprised of seasoned and up-and-coming data scientists, machine learning engineers and a product manager who are all aligned on one vision and mission:
Vision: Every seller is loved by the buyers they serve (#saleslove)
Mission: Equip companies to maximize revenue by creating a fantastic buying experience
The Data Science team consists of results-oriented technology professionals who are hungry, humble and smart. They are passionate about making SalesLoft the leader in AI technologies in the sales engagement space and believe in leveraging data science and machine learning to guide and help our users. They are also the epitome of our core values - Customers First. Team Over Self. Focus on Results. Bias Towards Action. Glass Half Full.

THE SKILL SET:
2+ years experience as a data scientist or machine learning engineer
Proficient in a variety of ML techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and has a fundamental understanding of their real-world advantages/drawbacks
Experience with deploying data science products in production or collaborating with engineers to deploy in production
Prior experience of working with unlabeled and unstructured data. Experience with NLP and/or predictive forecasting preferred
Excellent verbal and communication skills and visualization abilities to communicate with stakeholders
Strong knowledge/experience with a variety of analysis tools, including Python, R, and SQL. Experience with Spark or Dask preferred.
WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOU'LL:
Attend SalesLoft's New Hire Orientation, where you will learn our SalesLoft story and understand what makes our ""Lofters"" unique
Begin 1:1's with your manager, understand your 30-60-90 plan, meet & shadow current members of the SalesLoft team, and delve into your territory
Set your OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) with your manager and develop an action plan to achieve them
Meet key partners in Product, Engineering, Customer Success etc.
Understand our various data sources and get your hands dirty with them
Explore our technical stack and infrastructure and get comfortable with them
WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOU'LL:
Create a shadowing plan and begin executing it to understand the SalesLoft platform.
Apply various machine learning and data science techniques to solve sales business problems.
Create custom ETL capabilities to support your research efforts.
Lead and deliver your first research project.
Communicate research results to product and engineering leadership in verbal, visual, and written mediums.
WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOU'LL:
Significantly contribute to team planning and estimation.
Continue to focus on your OKRs.
Create prototypes using product knowledge, customer insights and technical expertise.
Implement and compare models to improve key metrics.
Advise product leadership on data science data capture and collection requirements.
Collaborate with our machine learning engineers and software engineers to put your models in front of our customers.
WITHIN TWELVE MONTHS, YOU'LL:
Mentor other team members and assist them to tackle new problems.
Be a key advisor on team direction and SalesLoft's long-term data science strategy.
Collaborate with subject matter experts to develop success criteria to deliver new products, features and models.
Push the state of the art and apply the latest advances in deep learning and mathematical modeling to improve buyer and seller experiences.
IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? Keep an eye on our Careers Page for other positions!

WHY SHOULD YOU WORK AT SALESLOFT:
You will become part of an amazing culture with a supportive CEO and smart teammates who actually care
You will work with an amazing team you can learn from and teach
You will experience joining a high-growth/high-traction organization
You will hear ""Yes, let's do that!"" and then have the opportunity to successfully execute on your ideas
We have a vibrant, open office that utilizes modern technology
You will grow more here than you would anywhere else, that is a promise
SalesLoft is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.6,"SalesLoft
4.6",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
393,Data Scientist II,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy-to-use platforms and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry leader today, and in the future of online food ordering.
We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process!
Why Work For Us
We have a fast-paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you - and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery!
More About the Role:
Grubhub is looking for an innately curious, business-minded, results-oriented Data Scientist with a focus on predictive modelling, specifically time-series forecasting. In this role, you will build and deploy models predicting various aspects of the business’ logistics. You will also perform analysis to inform the business.
Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to, data analysis, problem solving, development of cutting-edge time-series forecasting models, deployment and maintenance of those models.

Understand the business! Work directly with stakeholders to address their needs.
Build models, from selecting features to optimizing.
Be a stakeholder for our models! Help guide and prioritize development of predictive models to enhance our capabilities.
Question our assumptions! Find new and better ways to do what we’re doing.
Produce novel analysis giving insights into the business
Relentlessly analyze and improve the performance of our business.

2-5 years of experience applying descriptive statistics, machine learning, building time-series forecasting models and visualization to solve real-world problems
Education in statistics, mathematics, computer science or another quantitative field
Comfort communicating analytical findings to people of diverse backgrounds using statistical libraries and visualization tools in a language like Python or R
Data querying capabilities using SQL
Ability to explain technical concepts in simple terms to business stakeholders
Master's degree in a technical or quantitative field preferred

Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries.
Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well-being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company-wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4-week returnship program, and 6-8 weeks paid medical leave.
Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs.
MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company-wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together.
Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee-led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing-eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more!
Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them.

Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the U.S. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhub.com.",3.9,"Grubhub
3.9","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
394,Data Analyst,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"EMPLOYMENT VALUE PROPOSITION: Mental Health Center of Denver provides you with the support you need to help you develop a career in helping others succeed. We innovate, adapt, and leverage the diverse perspectives of the people on our team and the people we serve in everything we do.

Learn what it is like to work at the Mental Health Center of Denver:


STARTING SALARY: $48,006.40 - $55,016.00

Position Summary: Utilizes clinical services and operational data to assess outcomes and effectiveness associated with MHCD's service programs and operational processes. Collects data to answer evaluation and research questions that may arise from program requirements, management and/or staff. Develops summative and formative analytics and evaluation reports for delivery to staff, management, and external stakeholders. Position will primarily be assigned to our criminal justice programs, specifically a court/jail diversion program.

Essential job functions
Collects and prepares data for reporting as required under the research or evaluation plan using SQL and Excel.
Performs individual and group interviews with persons we serve, staff, and stakeholders.
Conducts analyses using SQL, Excel, and R
Prepares and submits analytic, research, and/or evaluation reports as needed
Develops presentations and documents
Writes sections of grants, papers, and other research materials
Interacts with managers and staff to review and edit reports as needed
Other duties as assigned.
Education: Minimum of bachelor's degree in statistics, social or behavioral research, or another related field.

Experience: Minimum of one-year experience with statistical analyses, data collection and processing, and\or program evaluation within a healthcare environment.

Skills and Competencies:
Proficiency with evaluation and research methods
Proficiency with T-SQL and R.
Proficiency with basic statistical techniques and data wrangling methods
Ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences.
Commitment to high quality research and analyses.
Ability to organize and prioritize work, handle multiple assignments, and meet deadlines in an agile development environment.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: No direct supervision of staff.

MACHINES AND EQUIPMENT TO BE USED: PC Computer, MS Office software, MS SQL Server Management Studio, Tableau, R

TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Requires sitting, standing, bending and reaching. May require lifting up to 50 pounds. Requires manual dexterity sufficient to operate standard office machines such as computers, fax machines, the telephone and other office and/or clinical equipment.

TYPICAL MENTAL DEMANDS: Ability to give, receive, and analyze information, formulate work plans, prepare written materials, and articulate goals and action plans. Must understand people from all walks of life and be able to communicate effectively with them.

WORKING CONDITIONS: May require occasional evening or weekend hours.",4.0,"Mental Health Center of Denver
4.0","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
395,Data Scientist -,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Mission
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.

Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living.

Job Requirements
You must have all the skills and experiences associated with one of the options below. These options change over time and reflect the current needs of the team.
Option one - Telematics ML
Machine learning: Kaggle grandmaster-level skills with history of deploying models to production
Telematics experience: You have led telematics modeling at a major company known for telematics
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
Option two - Telematics DL
Deep learning: Experience contributing new deep learning research to solve previously unsolved problems
Telematics experience: You have led telematics modeling at a major company known for telematics
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
Option Three - Contact Center Optimization
Contact center knowledge: You are an expert at using data science methods to optimize contact centers
Machine learning: Strong understanding of ML theory with significant applied experience
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
More details
Salary: We invest in first-rate people and pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of vacation + six weeks of parental leave, and great work-life balance. Our office building offers on-site shower and bike stalls, and panoramic views of San Francisco.
Location: Due to COVID-19 our teams are all working remotely through 2020. We provide an in-home office set-up including laptop, monitor, ergonomic desk, chair and other items as needed
Location: Post COVID-19: San Francisco, CA near Montgomery Bart Station
All are welcome at Blue Owl. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer who values diversity and inclusion and looks for applicants who understand, embrace and thrive in a multicultural world. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice.
https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf",4.5,"Blue Owl
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
396,Cleared Data Scientist,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

As an experienced Data Scientist, you might be wondering what makes MITRE different than other government contractors and consulting firms. Many of our recent hires answered YES to at least one of the questions below:
Do you want to partner with Defense Intelligence professionals to solve problems?
Are you interested in developing, automating and improving capabilities to address technical issues of national importance and making a direct mission impact?
Are you interested in contributing to technical projects that you can feel passionate about?
Are you interested in working for a company where a 40-hour week is the norm and not the exception?
Do you want exceptional benefits, including tuition reimbursement for coursework towards an advance degree in a technical discipline?
In the Defense Intelligence Department, you can apply and expand software development and data skills to recommend solutions to large-scale data challenges. Join our team to develop automated methods to ingest and analyze large datasets; conduct data analysis and data modeling; and develop prototype capabilities. The candidate will be expected to work independently, with Analysts, and with Data Scientists to develop new workflows and approaches to answer questions of national significance. Our department works to identify and bring solutions to the Defense Intelligence Community and work in the public interest. We also actively conduct independent research in areas that further the knowledge of our government partners.

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Work with Defense Intelligence government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Provide relevant day-to-day tasking for one or more junior staff.
Lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization
Minimum Qualifications :
BS and 8 years related experience
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
Required Qualifications:
Prior experience working with the Department of Defense and/or Intelligence Community.
Significant academic background in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Mathematics, or Statistics.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations with at least two modern programming language like Python (scikit-learn, pandas, tensorflow), C++, R, or Java or a business intelligence platform like Tableau.
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Familiarity with AWS tools.
Demonstrated experience leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Possess and maintain an Active TS/SCI level security clearance with the ability to successfully obtain a CI Poly level clearance.


Preferred Qualifications:
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, Plotly, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js.
Experience leading or conducting research.
Experience designing data science tasking and/or leading a team of data scientists.
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Prior experience developing interactive data visualizations using open source web technologies (Angular, Vue, React, D3.js) or other frameworks (Shiny, Jupyter Notebooks).
Prior experience developing data-intensive full stack web applications using Node.js, Flask, Django, or other technologies.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
397,Analytics Manager,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Responsible for both high level and granular measurement of public and private variable marketing programs. Provide 1:1 program insights with regard to campaign offer performance and efficiency, audience segmentation and performance, ROI that drive future strategy

Provide Omni-channel performance metrics. Consult with modeling team to insure past program performance informs future audience modeling efforts. Assist with program business case development. Produce quarterly reporting of campaign results as well as additional ad hoc requests. Oversee team members work as needed. Multi-task across various programs and activities simultaneously

Must have:
Subject Matter Expertise in 1:1 marketing program measurement
Knowledge of SQL, Alteryx, and Microsoft Office preferred.
Familiarity with A/B testing or experimental design (i.e., treated/control groups) is also helpful.
Past experience analyzing marketing campaign results (e.g., incremental sales, net profit, ROI)
Ability to query, join, and manipulate data (e.g., create new variables as needed)
Experience meeting with clients directly to understand business needs and discuss findings
Ability to create PowerPoints containing graphs and insights into findings
Customer profiling experience
Ability to present findings to the client and team meetings
Additional Job Description

· Highly proficient utilizing SQL and Alteryx, tableau, Qlik, etc. to manipulate, arrange, query and present data

· Experience with complex problem solving – data manipulation, data quality, data modeling,statistical analysis and/or reporting

· Excellent interpersonal skills with people at all management and organizational levels

· Ability to respond in an effective and timely manner

· Subject matter expert in an analytics specialty

· BA / BS in Statistics, Mathematics, Econometrics or computer science

· Min 5-year experiences as analytics team lead or manager
OneMagnify is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.7,"OneMagnify
4.7","Dearborn, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1967,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
398,Senior Data Analyst,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us

Today's economy requires business owners to adapt quickly and think on their feet. ShopKeep's software-first commerce solutions make that possible.

Our cloud-based point of sale, payment processing, flexible hardware, and business-friendly financing let owners start, run, and grow their businesses in person and online. They can manage inventory, optimize staffing, streamline their operations, and market to their customers from one intuitive dashboard.

We understand what it's like to run a business, because we've been helping business owners succeed for over a decade, and we share their mindset. ShopKeep, after all, is also a small business, born to give our peers the tools they need to dream big, fight smart, and succeed on their own terms.

Today that mission is more relevant than ever, driven by team members around the world. ShopKeep is headquartered in New York City, with offices in Portland, Chicago, and Belfast. We're innovators, technologists, and customer advocates who are obsessed with helping independent businesses survive and thrive.

About This Role

As a Senior Data Analyst you'll help leverage our vast amounts of data to inform actionable insights and data-driven decisions. We're a start-up with a huge opportunity in front of us and we are looking for an awesome person to join the Data team. We want someone who embraces aggressive goals, works hard to achieve them, thrives in uncertainty and brings passion to their work.

What You Will Do
Build and maintain new data models to answer questions and provide visibility for various teams throughout the organization
Make a measurable contribution to our internal analytics platform
Automate manual processes in order to increase efficiency and provide more time for analysis
Partner with business users to help them make smarter decisions
Analyze data to understand key trends and drivers of performance
Develop and present actionable insights to help inform decision-making
What You Need
3 - 5 years of experience working with large amounts of data, including building, managing and working with databases (SQL, Redshift, etc) and using analytical tools (Looker, Tableau, etc).
Advanced SQL skills
Demonstrated problem solving skills
Strong attention to detail and able to effectively prioritize and manage multiple priorities
Ability to navigate ambiguity and a strong drive to succeed
Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced changing environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Benefits


We provide the essentials…
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Flexible Paid Time Off (PTO)
Commuter Benefits
401k Match
...and the fun-damentals:
Lively and enriching Engineering culture
Regularly scheduled hackathons, meetups and Tech Talks
Opportunity to attend Engineering Conferences, thanks to our generous company conference budget
Newsletters produced by Engineering teams
Cross-office collaboration between our NYC and Belfast teams with the opportunity to travel to our different offices
Regular team events, including Happy Hours and Game Nights
Catered lunches
Break area to play and relax
Standing desks
Meditation Sessions
And more to come as we work on ideas to help us keep the community feel connected while working remote
ShopKeep is an Equal Opportunity Employer

We are an Equal Opportunities Employer. We don't discriminate based on gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, nationality, or any other individual characteristics. We practice equality of opportunity in employment and select the best person for the job.",3.4,"ShopKeep
3.4","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
399,Lead Data Analyst,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Big Huge Games is looking for a Lead Data Analyst. In this position, you will be a key member of the product and analytics team, working with cross functional leads in the studio, providing the game development teams the data and insights to help us achieve continued success and ensure that we offer the best possible experience to our players.

Responsibilities
Analyze large, complex data sets representing the behavior of our games' players
Develop the framework, models, tools, and processes that will enable data-driven decisions in our live service games
Provide recommendations based on game data to influence game economies, feature development, and product roadmaps.
Working with Product Management and Design, identify ways to improve the player experience and create enhanced revenue generation in the live service
Deliver regular and ad-hoc reports to studio management as necessary
Coordinate and Manage Analytics Teams across all projects that have a data presence
Understand timeline/roadmap of the product team(s) and how analytics folds into that roadmap
Assist in keeping team members appropriately tasked and understands team time constraints
Motivate, support and mentor other members of the Data Analytics Team and help them meet their career growth goals
Qualifications
BA/MSc in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, or other quantitative field; Masters desirable
10+ years experience with querying large complex data sets with SQL on relational databases
Prior management experience including lead roles managing and mentoring an Analytics Team
R experience and familiarity with column store databases a plus
Proven track record as an analyst, preferably within gaming, mobile, web, or online economy industries
Experience working in large data sets
Experience in defining highly complex requirements, with a focus on providing actionable and understandable results
High level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, or equivalent
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation and interpersonal skills
Track record of success working in fast-paced environments with some shifting priorities
Demonstrated critical thinking and problem-solving capabilities both independently and with others
Strong self-motivation and initiative
Passion for problem-solving from generating insightful questions to research through presentation of results and follow on steps
Excellent team, motivational and interpersonal skills a must
Bonus
Experience with staffing and team building
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About Big Huge Games:

Big Huge Games is a small, passionate team led by experienced game development veterans, proudly located just north of Baltimore, MD, who are excited about the rise of touchscreen platforms. We believe in hiring talented team members who enjoy working in a fun and positive environment.

The company was founded in March of 2013 by Brian Reynolds (Civilization II, Rise of Nations, FrontierVille) and a group of longtime collaborators. Big Huge Games is dedicated to ""Finding The Fun"" through rapid prototyping and a focus on great user experience.

In July 2015 we launched our first game, DomiNations, which was awarded “Editors Choice” in the app store and continues to be successful with audiences across the globe. In 2016 we were acquired by our publisher, Nexon, and now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary, allowing us the stability of a larger studio but the feel of a smaller, indie game team.

Our goals are simple: Make great games, strive to always be improving, and live up to the motto you gotta have fun to make fun.

This a full-time position onsite at our studio in Timonium, MD.
Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID19 positions will begin remote before transitioning to onsite.

Applicants should download DomiNations on iOS or Android and be prepared to discuss the game.",4.9,"Big Huge Games
4.9","Timonium, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
400,Finance Data Analyst Internship - Paid,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Finance Data Analyst Internship
Paid Internship - Summer 2021
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uline seeks summer 2021 Finance Data Analyst Interns at its Corporate Headquarters in Pleasant Prairie, WI.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Design, develop, implement and maintain various dashboards and tools.
Utilize SQL and VBA to create tools to increase efficiency in financial processes.
Support the finance department with SQL queries (querying data) and ad hoc analytical tasks.
Gain exposure to multiple business units including Corporate Finance, Accounting, Credit Research / Analysis, Tax, Operations and Corporate Audit.
Enhance technical and financial skills through on-the-job experience and training.

Minimum Requirements
Candidates must be pursuing a Bachelor's degree related to Finance, IT, or Analytics.
SQL or relevant programming experience preferred.
Demonstrate strong problem solving, analytical, leadership and communication skills.
Ability to work on tasks independently.
Microsoft Excel skills required, Access skills a plus.

Benefits of a Uline Internship
Gain professional work experience in an area related to your degree.
Work in a positive, well-balanced environment.
Learn about the industry from all levels of Uline management.
Potential opportunity, upon graduation, for full-time employment with a successful, fast-growing company!
Housing available for those who live more than 50 miles away.

Intern Perks
On-site café with meals and dinner-to-go options prepared by executive chefs.
First-class fitness center with sauna and complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Outings throughout the summer with interns across all departments.
Intern specific Lunch and Learns.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a privately held, family-owned company known for incredible service and quality products. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products found in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Our quality products, huge inventory and ongoing expansion fuel our incredible growth. This is a great time to join Uline!

Apply online today to join us in 2021!",3.4,"Uline
3.4","Pleasant Prairie, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
401,Sr. HR Data Analyst,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who is Cenlar? You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Sr. HR Data Analyst.

Job Summary:

The Sr. HR Data Analyst is responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies related to Human Resources. This role identifies and aggregates complex dataset using a combination of tools, such as, SQL, VBA, PowerShell, and MS Access. This role should have knowledge of statistical models/algorithms using Python as the primary programming language.

Responsibilities:
Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns with HR data sets and makes recommendations for business and process improvement
Analyzes processes and data by extracting data from various data warehouse environments
Develops reports and dashboards using various reporting and visualization tools to meet business needs
Understands ongoing requests and translates them into reports for team members and other stakeholders
Ability to design, develop, and execute ETL pipelines to automate ingestion of structured and unstructured data sources using a combination of PowerShell, SQL, Python, VBA, and other programming languages
Solid understanding of REST API architecture to implement interfaces that allow for the seamless data integration between our vendor systems and our internal databases
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Handles complex requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing and trend analysis
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistical analysis, Human Resources, or related field, Master’s degree preferred with 5+ years of relevant and/or data engineering analytics experience
Working knowledge of SQL skills to perform complex data manipulation using multiple tables, queries, and subqueries in a database environment (i.e., SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, DB2, MS Access, et al).
Strong background with at least an object-oriented/functional/scripting language (Python, Java, etc.)
Familiarity with CLI (CMD, bash, PowerShell, etc.)
Expertise with various ETL technologies and tools
Strong understanding of business logic for aggregation and analysis services
Experience with HRMS, such as ADP, ETime, Taleo, and Cornerstone, preferred
Ability to develop capabilities and/ or experiences in partnership with more experienced staff
Exceptional organization and time management skills, with the initiative and the desire to own problems from start to finish
Ability to flex and adapt to changing business needs, and use discretion when dealing with confidential information
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with ability to work on several projects simultaneously
Passion to have an impact; Pro-active self-starter; Demonstrates a strong sense of urgency and responsiveness; Strong organizational and project management skills
Demonstrated track record of developing and successfully driving new initiatives through an organization to achieve business results
Total Rewards :

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online .",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Yardley, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
402,Senior Data Scientist,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Data Scientist
Location/City: Any US location (offices in Atlanta, GA and Playa Vista, CA)

Responsibilities
We are looking for a sharp, highly-motivated Senior Data Scientist to join our team. This is a high-impact role that will leverage data & analytics to derive insights from our Members’ data and make recommendations to help improve their financial wellbeing. You will collaborate with product, and engineering as well as executive stakeholders to create analytical solutions to help achieve business goals. An ideal candidate is an individual who has a deep background in statistics, analysis, experiment design, and can bring those skills to bear in a start-up environment. A strong understanding and hands-on ability with data science technology and infrastructure is important as well.
As the Senior Data Scientist, you will:
Work with large volumes of bank transactions to create proprietary intelligence about the nature of employment and earnings for our Members
Help build out our job recommendation engine to aid our Members in finding new or additional work to increase their income
Help drive a data-first culture where data is understood and leveraged in decision making
Collaborate with the data science team and CDO to define the technical strategy for Steady’s data science ecosystem
Develop and codify processes and best practices for modeling, testing, and analytics
Effectively balance short term delivery with long term direction and value
Advocate for data science innovation and increased contribution to Steady’s mission

Skills & Requirements
Advanced degree and relevant experience (MS + 5 years, PhD + 3 years) in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or similar field
Demonstrated experience creating production ML pipelines (training, scoring, leveraging in real-time systems)
Expert knowledge of modern machine learning algorithms (regression, classification, random forests, clustering, optimization, etc.) and statistical inference
Experience with bank or credit card transaction data preferred
Experience with NLP and textual data analysis is a plus
Demonstrated experience of efficient manipulation and storage of large datasets
Hands on experience and expertise with SQL, Spark, Python (preferred) or R
Experience with machine learning platforms Sagemaker/Databricks a plus
Strong data visualization skills (experience with Tableau preferred)
Familiarity and experience with the AWS data ecosystem (S3, AWS Glue, EMR, etc.)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of the organization
Comfortable working with distributed teams across multiple offices and timezones
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, high-energy environment


Benefits
We value our Steady Team Members and are committed to their success. We are located in downtown Atlanta near MARTA, as well as in Playa Vista CA. We offer competitive compensation packages and a 100% company-paid benefits package including medical, dental, and vision. Steady is a relaxed, casual work environment with flexible hours and lunch provided once weekly in addition to a weekly meal stipend. We also offer a generous PTO plan, 401K, and future growth opportunities within the company. We strive to maintain a positive and fun environment for our employees where people can learn and grow with the company.
About Steady
Steady is a mission-driven business that helps people earn more. Through the free Steady app users can build & track income, networks, and buying power – allowing them to augment retirement savings, work around childcare responsibilities, pay down debt, save for purchases, and supplement their income from primary employers, while limiting their income volatility and better positioning themselves for access to a sustainable financial services ecosystem.
Every Steady member will build something different. We celebrate those who take the initiative to create a path that works for them. Whatever that looks like, Steady is there to support it, providing a stable foundation that allows people to build financial success over a lifetime.

Mission: Steady turns the tables by putting workers back in charge of their financial future with an income-building platform that creates financial stability and helps its users to take charge of their future.

For more information, visit us at www.steadyapp.com or on Twitter @TheSteadyApp.

Steady, Platform Inc. (Steady) is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer – All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual’s age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Steady accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Steady employees, Steady hiring manager, or send to any Steady facility. Steady is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.",4.0,"Steady
4.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
403,Marketing Data Analyst,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you consider a perfectly built data visualization to be a work of art worthy of living room wall space? Are you #AllDataAllDay? Do you have 5-star restaurant chef-like slice and dice skills when it comes to using data to garner insights? Is attention to detail and precision a constant way of life? If so, the Strategy Services team at Listrak is looking for a Marketing Data Analyst to join our team to be a reporting and analysis rockstar to help us service our clients across many industries within ecommerce.

Your primary responsibility as a Listrak Marketing Data Analyst is to support clients with marketing performance and customer analytics generated from the Listrak platform, GXP, and CRM. Reporting to the Sr. Director of Strategy Services & Analytics you will assist with client engagements by updating reporting, analyzing their data to generate findings, create visualizations, and put together strategic performance summary presentations. Responsibilities also include precise execution of campaign reporting and supporting the Strategy team's goals relating to client analysis and strategy. At times you will help work directly with clients on their goals & objectives, assist them in exploring their data to educate them on our pre-built dashboards, and guide them on how to take action off their findings. You will be an ad-hoc analysis resource for all teams at Listrak and will also get to work cross functionally with other teams within Listrak as analytics support is needed.

Essential Functions:
Update GXP reporting, analyze the results, and compile performance summary decks for client engagement presentations
Provide insights & recommendations on client's data by building custom data visualizations, identifying what data fields to use & highlighting areas of opportunities for new data to maximize their use of Listrak CRM and other platforms.
Deliver regular reporting and analysis documentation to clients and present findings or test results in person or via conference calls
Report on key metrics, analyzing and interpreting trends and providing actionable insights based on available analytics data within the Listrak CRM
Research industry trends to stay up-to-date to successfully support clients and collaborate with team members on data focused best practices
Qualifications:
3+ years experience analyzing marketing or ecommerce data
Proficient to advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel
2+ year(s) experience with: ecommerce marketing channels, web analytics tools (i.e. Google Analytics), data visualization tools (i.e. Tableau) and data languages (i.e. SQL)
Google Analytics Certification preferred
Bachelor's Degree or higher, with concentration in Marketing, Business, or a similar fields of study
Proven strength in QA'ing, interpreting, analyzing, synthesizing, and reporting on large data sets
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills in one on one and group settings
Advanced knowledge of Excel, Google Analytics, Tableau, and visualizing data",3.3,"Listrak
3.3","King of Prussia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
404,Machine Learning Engineer,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Machine Learning Engineer*
Are you obsessed with software and machine learning? Looking to work with an awesome team in a modern, successful software company? Geisel Software, based in Worcester, Massachusetts, is a premier software developer that is working with and creating today's hottest software technologies. We are looking for a motivated individual to join our team, learn new technology, and help us build some great software!

Geisel Software develops web, mobile and embedded software, with a focus on robotics, medical devices, and machine learning. We seek a talented individual who is not afraid to work hard, learn something new and get lots of stuff done. We have a helpful staff, but it is also important that you can work independently and solve problems with little outside direction. Your problem-solving skills will be put to the test, whether that means tracking down the answer on Google, or building your own new solution.
Here's what we work with regularly*
TensorFlow and OpenCV
Robotic Simulation with ROS, RVIZ, and Unreal Engine
LAMP - Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP
iPhone/Android application development
Embedded Development in C/C++ (Arm or x86)
Web Frontend (AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Scripting Languages (Python, BASH, or other)
Web Technologies - HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON
Linux - As a user at least, but also administration and kernel development
Web Frameworks - Django, Codeigniter
Agile and Waterfall design methodologies
Embedded platforms (Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, OMAP, etc.)
Here’s what we require*
You're passionate about software development -- it's what you do even in your free time.
1 - ∞ years of experience with C, C++ and/or Python.
Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field (PHD highly preferred).
Willingness and ability to write software as part of a team as well as work on ground-breaking machine learning IP. This role will be a mix of both!
Good software foundational skills: CS theory; clean, well-documented code; collaborative style; solid algorithms understanding; mastery of more than one language.
An aptitude for learning new platforms and technologies on the fly. We’re constantly working on new projects that will push you and keep you always learning new technologies.
Able to take ownership of a project and independently architect, execute and troubleshoot it through completion and customer delivery.
Actively pursuing new knowledge and technologies. If you’re a web frontend guru, are you building your backend skills? If you’re an embedded developer, are you developing apps for Android or iOS?
Already comfortable on Linux. You can be a Windows/Mac pro, but you'll be doing at least 50% of your development on Linux. You should be comfortable with that.
Willing to commute to Worcester, MA (Note: Ability to temporarily work remotely during this trying time of COVID-19).
Looking for full-time employment.
Must be a US Person.
Here’s what we would prefer*
ROS or other robot operating system experience.
An educational focus in Machine Learning and Data Science.
Published work in the field of machine learning.
Robotic simulation and 3D game engine knowledge (Godot, Unreal, Unity, RVIZ, Drake).
Any experience with physical modeling would be a plus.
What you’ll get*
An opportunity to work with the latest technologies across a variety of platforms.
A fun, exciting work environment focused on the results, not the politics.
An experienced team and mentor who can help you grow in your craft and career.
A position with a growing company, offering competitive benefits and salary.
Apply now*
E-mail us at *jobs*@*geisel.software* and *include your resume and a brief cover letter* explaining why you think you'd be a great fit at Geisel Software. We'd love to hear about what you've done with technologies we're using, or other projects you've worked on. What do you think you’re really good at and why? What have you done outside your current job to improve your craft? Why do you think you’d be a great fit?

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.geisel-software.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Geisel Software
5.0","Worcester, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
405,Data Scientist,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field,

Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.

Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.

Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.

Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.

Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.

Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.

Job Type: Full-time",4.0,"Aptude, Inc
4.0","Appleton, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
406,Scientist,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Karius
Karius is a venture-backed life science startup that is transforming the way pathogens and other microbes are observed throughout the body. By unlocking the information present in microbial cell-free DNA, we're helping doctors quickly solve their most challenging cases, providing industry partners with access to 1000’s of biomarkers to accelerate clinical trials, discovering new microbes, and reducing patient suffering worldwide.

Why Should You Join?
Karius aims to conquer infectious diseases through innovations around genomic sequencing and machine learning. The company’s platform is already delivering unprecedented insights into the microbial landscape, providing clinicians with a comprehensive test capable of identifying more than a thousand pathogens directly from blood, and helping industry accelerate the development of therapeutic solutions. The Karius test we provide today is one of the most advanced solutions available to physicians who aim to deliver better care to many otherwise ineffectively treated patients. Our test is the result of some incredible work done by our scientists, statisticians, engineers, and physicians, all driven by the same mission. You, as part of the Karius team, will be able to see how directly your work has a life-changing impact on people, and at scale.
Position Summary
We are looking for an extraordinary scientist to develop NGS-based clinical diagnostic assays into robust clinical products. The ideal candidate will design and execute superior assay development plans, optimize assays for astounding efficiency and robustness, identify in-line quality control measures that ensure industry-leading data integrity. If you are highly experienced in developing novel diagnostic approaches for nucleic acid detection as well as assay optimization, have worked extensively with NGS workflows and are eager to do the best work of your life, we should talk!
Reports to: Director, Research

Location: Redwood City, CA
Responsibilities Include
- Independently generate and evaluate new methods, technologies and processes.
- Design and execute experiments that ensure efficient and robust protocols.
- Achieve an ideal balance of assay integrity and work-flow simplicity through clever in-line quality control measures and assay monitoring strategies.
- Enable operational superiority through workflows compatible with automation.
- Assist in the design and execution of analytical and clinical validation studies.
- Act as a key contributor within integrated and multidisciplinary teams developing new and improving existing clinical assay.
- Create and maintain SOPs in the context of CLIA/CAP environment.
- Perform calculations and data analysis.
- Generate new IP to maintain Karius’ leadership position in the field of infectious disease diagnostics.
- Perform other duties, as needed.
Travel: No travel required.
Physical Requirements
- Subject to extended periods of sitting and/or standing, vision to monitor and moderate noise levels. Work is generally performed in an office, lab or clinical environment.
Position Requirements
- Ph.D. with minimum 5 years relevant experience building robust diagnostic products.
- Demonstrated proficiency taking clinical diagnostic assays through research and development.
- Experience with product development in CLIA/CAP or IVD environments.
- Follow GLPs and SOPs, and adhere to all safety and company policies.
- Expertise with RNA- and/or DNA-based Next-Generation Sequencing sample preparation technologies.
Personal Qualifications
- Must be an excellent communicator and able to summarize key findings, risks in a succinct manner including the ability to present information to stakeholders.
- Ability to anticipate and identify potential roadblocks to meeting goals and identify corrective actions.
- Display a high level of commitment and professionalism and is truly passionate about being at the cutting edge of science and generating the appropriate clinical evidence.
- Ability to work independently, collaboratively and manage deadlines.
- Exemplary project management skills with the ability to build schedules and mitigate against timeline delays.
- Strong communication and presentation skills.

At Karius, we value a diverse and inclusive workplace and provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees and are committed to honor and invest in the full diversity of people, in our hiring, recruiting and development of employees across the Company. All qualified applicants for employment are encouraged to apply and will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity and gender expression (including transgender individuals who are transitioning, have transitioned, or are perceived to be transitioning to the gender with which they identify), religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application due to a disability, please contact us at recruiting@kariusdx.com and we will accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities.


At Karius, we value a diverse and inclusive workplace and provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees and are committed to honor and invest in the full diversity of people, in our hiring, recruiting and development of employees across the Company. All qualified applicants for employment are encouraged to apply and will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity and gender expression (including transgender individuals who are transitioning, have transitioned, or are perceived to be transitioning to the gender with which they identify), religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application due to a disability, please contact us at recruiting@kariusdx.com and we will accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities.",2.5,"Karius
2.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
407,Data Engineer,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Why consider OPI, and why do people dig working here?
Variety of consulting; new technologies, projects, and people on a regular basis.
Stability; we’ve been around since 1996 and have a diverse mix of clients and technologies to keep us busy, very busy. And we keep a bench. If you’re not on a project, you’re writing software for our internal business functions or you’re learning new technologies. It’s in our benefit to make our consultants as marketable as possible. That’s good for your career.
No politics or management; we don’t get in the way. Why sit in meetings all day when you can code and be productive?
Awesome benefits; free healthcare for your entire family (yes, free), 24 days of PTO + 10 days of sick time, quarterly profit sharing bonuses, you get paid OT, company trips (to Mexico), 3 company lake cabins/homes, various quarterly company events, new Macbook Pro’s, free beer/soda, chips, candy, and so much more.
You work with the best. Do an Object Partners search on LinkedIn and see the types of talent we hire. You truly get to work with intelligent, passionate engineers that share the same goal of building great software the right way.
Low company overhead. It all means more money back into our consultants pockets (profit sharing) or company trips and events to share in the financial success.

Qualifications

Architecture and design of highly available/scalable distributed systems.
Design and development of streaming data platforms using Kafka Streams, Spark, Flink, Storm, Beam or Cloud Dataflow.
Experience with functional/event-driven programming.
NoSQL technologies such as ElasticSearch or Cassandra.
Messaging technologies such as RabbitMQ, Kafka or Kinesis.
SQL on Hadoop technologies such as Hive, Impala or Presto.
Cloud services such as AWS, Azure, GCP or OpenStack.
JVM languages such as Java, Groovy, Kotlin or Scala.
Service frameworks such as Spring Boot, Ratpack, Vert.x, or Play.
Knowledge of data analytics, visualization and governance.
Knowledge of operating big data production solutions at scale.
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps culture.
Passion for software development. Someone that loves what they do, that aren’t just in it for a paycheck. Do you have dev projects going on at home at all times?
New projects, new teams, new technologies means having to adjust and learn all the time. You might get thrown on a DevOps project as well, so having the ability to jump in and get your feet wet without hesitation is important. If you don’t want to grow and learn, we’re not a fit.
Positive, can-do attitude. We can teach the technology, but we can’t teach how to approach client challenges with a positive, helpful demeanor. The best consultants aren’t the most technical (although that sure helps), it’s the consultant that will do whatever it takes to see a client be successful, no matter what they throw at you.",4.8,"Object Partners
4.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
408,Marketing Data Analyst,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Were seeking a Marketing Data Analyst with an entrepreneurial drive who loves turning data into actionable insights and empowering marketing stakeholders to better leverage and understand their data.

Initial responsibilities:
Build, maintain, and monitor a comprehensive set of metrics and KPIs to measure the marketing groups health and success.
Collaborate with specific marketing subgroups to supply them with data and analysis they need day in and day out.
Identify underlying trends in marketing data to help provide strategic recommendations for marketing subgroups.
Empowering marketing group members by helping them understand underlying data and correct ways to interpret the data.
Responsibilities that can be earned:
Use the set of marketing group metrics to spearhead data projects that will help us double down on effective efforts and scale back low/negative ROI efforts.
Uncover data behind eBooks, research reports, social campaigns, and more - for every project underway, make sure theres accompanying data.
Requirements:
3-5 years in an analytic role, SaaS business model is a plus.
Marketing analyst / business analyst experience preferred.
High level of comfort with SQL strongly preferred.
Experience working with SaaS metrics, retention and LTV modeling, and attribution-based measurement a plus.
Strong analytical skills, data sensibility, and an able communicator.
California Job Applicant Privacy Notice

Thank you for your interest in opportunities at SimplePractice LLC (“SimplePractice” or “us” or “we” or “our”). Please note that when you submit your resume or application materials to us for employment purposes, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, email address, and phone number); protected characteristics (e.g., sex, gender, age, citizenship, disability status, and veteran status); professional or employment-related information (e.g., employment history, educational background, certificates and licenses, work eligibility information and other information obtained from your resume, cover letter, your responses to our application questions, background check forms, and your references); other personal records (e.g., signature, photograph, and criminal background information); and inferences drawn from personal information collected (e.g., creating a profile that reflects your abilities and aptitudes).
We collect the above categories of personal information for the following business purposes:
To perform recruitment and hiring services; to manage the workforce; to comply with federal and state laws, and to maintain security (e.g., to detect and prevent against security risks and incidents, to prevent against fraudulent or illegal activity, and to ensure compliance with our company policies and procedures).
For more information about our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy or contact us at privacy@simplepractice.com

Powered by JazzHR",4.6,"SimplePractice
4.6","Santa Monica, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
409,Lead Data Scientist,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary
Tranzact is hiring a lead data scientist to assist our team in driving our data science and analytics group forward. You’ll be joining a group of curious, smart, technically minded yet business savvy data scientists looking to make a difference to the company by further designing and building out our data decisioning capabilities. We have been up and running for several years and our team must grow to meet the demands of our business partners—they see the value we have provided and want more.

The Lead Data Scientist is passionate about using data and insights to drive business strategy and develop data products. A successful candidate will manage data science projects including scoping, designing, and executing the vision with the help of more junior data scientists / analysts. They would also identify and prioritize initiatives to deliver value to our internal stakeholders. The ideal candidate would have experience managing data science projects, managing stakeholders, and working cross functionally. This person would have real world experience “in the data trenches” as a data scientist and be an all-star individual contributor. We expect this person to have a passion for driving projects for business outcomes, strong analytical skills, and a strong desire to make an impact in our growing data science practice!

What you’ll do:
Become the domain expert in multiple areas of the Tranzact business (i.e. retention, call center effectiveness, etc.) and contribute to the advancement of those area through thought leadership.
Lead new projects and initiatives through understanding business needs, executing, presenting and influencing stakeholders.
Be a technical leader on the team that can advise, mentor, and delegate tasks to more junior data scientists and analysts.
Facilitate data-driven decision making and prioritize initiatives.
Develop strong cross functional partnerships with business and technology stakeholders.
Act as a subject matter expert within the organization on all things data.
Find new and improved ways for us to use data in our products, operations, and business strategies.

What we do:
We achieve competitive advantage through data-driven marketing and full management of the customer experience. We’re constantly refining our technology and our strategies, that’s why we’re the industry leader in delivering the best results to the top insurance brands in America.

That’s not just lip service either, we’re consistently awarded partner of the year from brands like AFLAC, Humana, and more. Our work has also been featured on The Dr. Oz Show, Forbes, and Vox -- to name a few.

We want people who fit within our Be Real culture. We want a diversity of programmers and writers and designers and data scientists and strategists and more. We’re made up of introverts and extroverts, suits and rebels, corporate types and anti-corporate types. We’re an environment where every person feels their full potential is only limited by their ability to conceive of it and make it happen. Our company grew from entrepreneurial roots but has big company resources to get amazing things done.

What we’re looking for:
BA/BS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)
5 years of experience in data science at a B2C or direct to consumer company (experience in marketing, business operations, or customer retention is a plus)
Experience implementing predictive and prescriptive models in production systems
Experience managing data science projects and mentoring data scientists / analysts
Proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and a data visualization tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines
Experience communicating strategy and results to different audiences
Ability to work cross functionally and influence others
A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business
Ability to be objective, follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data
Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing
What’s in it for you:
Medical, dental, vision, paid time off/holidays, 401(k), and bonus opportunity
Frequent office events and outings
Employee development programs, conference and training reimbursement
Work remote flexibility
Joining a growing and exciting team making a big impact on the business!
EOE, including disability/vets",3.7,"TRANZACT
3.7","Raleigh, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
410,Digital Transformation and Data Analyst (Claims),$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are You Driven?® We Are.

We are a company of driven, enthusiastic and determined people. We celebrate achievement and success. We foster innovation, determination and recognition. Because of that, our employees feel recognized and rewarded for the contributions they make on a daily basis. At GAINSCO, It is our people that set us apart.

If you are looking for a place where you can make a difference, perceive how your work impacts the company, and be recognized for your efforts and passion, then GAINSCO is the company for you.

Why Join GAINSCO?

By joining GAINSCO, you become part of a dynamic and growing organization that has been recognized as a Top Workplace in both our Dallas and Miami offices.

GAINSCO’s work environment rewards engaged individuals who have a desire to contribute and succeed. That’s because our culture encourages individuals to grow their skills as they build their careers. Come join us and become a champion with GAINSCO.

What does a DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION& DATA ANALYST (CLAIMS) do?
Uncover and communicate performance trends and actionable insights to the business.
Leverage data insights and incorporate these findings to accelerate the digital transformation efforts of the Claims Department.
Complete ad-hoc analysis and offer recommendations based on your findings.
Proactively collaborate with all levels of the Claims organization and offer data-focused support to any relevant business challenges.
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop, implement and maintain business monitoring reports
Perform data validation and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality/accuracy
Work with IT to maintain accessibility to databases/data systems
Additional projects as requested
What is required?

Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Risk Management, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics or Actuarial.
Experience:
1-2 years of working experience as a data analyst preferred
Ability to identify potentially hidden trends and communicate actionable insights based on your findings.
Experience working within an Auto Insurance Claims department is preferred.
Advanced skills in performing mathematical calculations
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Advanced computer skills, specifically in databases and spreadsheets (Excel, SAS, MSSQL preferred, Python, R)
Experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence is preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication
Excellent organization skills
Other skills and abilities:
A strong desire to be a part of the conversations that result in improving business processes and results.
Ability to communicate and simplify the complex with a wide variety of stakeholders.
Ability to manage own time while prioritizing multiple tasks
Required behaviors for all positions:
Communicate with co-workers, management, customers, vendors, and others in a courteous and professional manner
Conform with and abide by all Company codes, regulations, policies, values, work procedures and instructions
Regular attendance
What else do you need to know?
Competitive Salary based on experience.
Excellent benefits package: medical& dental (Basic plan FREE), vision insurance, life insurance, short term and long term disability insurance.
Parental Leave Policy.
401K + Company Match.
Paid Vacation + Sick days + Floating Holidays + Company determined Holidays.
All offers are contingent upon a background investigation (including employment, education, criminal and DMV verification- when applicable) and a pre-employment drug test with results satisfactory to GAINSCO.",3.8,"GAINSCO
3.8","Dallas, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
411,Business Intelligence Analyst,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Senior Business Intelligence Analyst

Join a team where you can be an integral part of Aptean’s success.

The Who, What, Where And Why

Aptean is seeking a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst to work with the Business Operations team to continuously design, build and evolve our data reporting capabilities – all in an environment of rapid growth and increasing complexity. In this role, you will have the opportunity to incubate data solutions and help build Aptean’s centralized data platform by partnering with teams across different verticals to drive data reporting efficiency and performance insights to key stakeholders.

As a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, you'll contribute technical skills, business judgment, and creativity to build automated data solutions that provide these strategic insights. You'll take initiative and work well in environments with multiple cross-functional stakeholders and differing priorities. Additionally, you'll contribute people skills and drive to provide training and support to team members and partners. You'll lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects using your data warehousing and analytics expertise, manage project schedules, identifying risks, and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.

Who?

We are looking for someone with:

· 3-5 years of related work experience

· Experience with Data Analysis and Visualization of Power BI Dashboards

· Experience with data integration of Power BI with Salesforce.com, SQL Server and Excel (including VBA, Macros, Pivot Tables, array functions, Power Pivots, etc)

We’d like this person to have the following skills/abilities
Experience working within a high-growth, technology company
Able to operate successfully in a lean, fast-paced organization
Strong written and verbal communication skills, with a track record of supporting a variety of stakeholders
Exhibits sound business judgment and a proven track record of taking ownership, leading data-driven analyses, and providing clear answers to complex problems
Motivated self-starter, proactive and action-oriented
· Take charge mentality with a track record and ability to “get things done”
Strong problem solving and collaboration skills
Experience in prioritization of deliverables and tasks
What?

In this role, you would:

Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying Business Analytics Dashboards using Microsoft BI technologies including SQL Server, Power BI, Excel etc.

1. Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying Business Analytics Dashboards using Microsoft BI technologies including SQL Server, Power BI, Excel etc.

2. Analyze and leverage external data sources like Salesforce to integrate with existing datasets and relate a comprehensive BI story.

3. Build compelling, interactive and actionable reporting on top of structured data models that helps in deriving meaningful business insights from large, complex datasets.

4. Supporting the full BI lifecycle from requirements analysis through design & development, and through release and support/maintenance phases.

5. Gather requirements and design reports/custom analysis tools for the Executive Leadership Team.

6. Some of the reports that will be required but not limited to this set are:

- Daily/weekly/monthly performance reports for key performance indicators and provide analytics on them.

- KPI reports for monthly/quarterly/annual forecasting for Business Reviews.

- Gather, publish & maintain information related to historical, current and future performance.

- Compile and analyze data on historical sales and trends to forecast future trends.

7. Collaborate on identified ad hoc business problem-solving requests.

8. Train team members/users on Power BI tool, dashboards and reports, as required by leadership team.

Why?

In this role you will work on a great team that values self-motivation, attention to detail, and effective communication. This team is fast-paced and cooperative.

Aptean is where go-getters with strong problem solving skills can thrive. We provide learning opportunities across the company so that you can build and advance your career here no matter your background. Each and every one of us has a different story and different strengths. We are a dynamic company that cares about our 1,700 employees as much as our customers, and our leadership team believes in finding and retaining awesome people.

To promote health and wellness, Aptean employees are provided with competitive compensation, robust benefits beginning day-one, and a self-managed PTO policy. Our open-office environment and modern breakroom allow people to get to know each other from across departments.

Where?

This position will be located in our corporate headquarters in Alpharetta, GA at 4325 Alexander Dr #100, Alpharetta, GA 30022. You will enjoy our perks: mini-mart for snacks, drinks, and quick lunches, modern breakroom that allows people to get to know employees from other departments, monthly birthday celebrations, massages, monthly food trucks and breakfasts – all provided in an open-office environment. What you will also get to experience is a company that believes in the power of working collaboratively and winning together; that strives to balance work and home life, that seeks and hires teams of motivated go-getters, understands that this is a marathon, not a sprint; that continuously and purposefully builds an inclusive culture where everyone is able to do and be the best version of themselves. We seek people who naturally demonstrate our values, who are challenged by problems, empower others to thrive, people who can draw the owl and not be beholden to one playbook.

About Us
Aptean is a private-equity backed software company that connects companies in specific industries with specialized software solutions. In today’s fast-paced, highly competitive economy, organizations don’t have time to waste forcing homegrown software, spreadsheets, and one-size-fits-all solutions to do things they were never designed to do. Aptean is on a mission to end those workarounds with streamlined industry-specific software solutions. That’s why over 4,100+ highly specialized organizations in more than 20 industries and 54 countries rely on us to simplify their everyday operations.

If you are looking for a company where you can give your best, work collaboratively, and build your career, we encourage you to submit an application!

Aptean, Inc., is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. In accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws we do not tolerate discrimination or harassment against any applicant for employment or employee with Aptean because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other group status protected by applicable law.",3.2,"Aptean
3.2","Alpharetta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
412,Data Engineer,$44k-$73k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer


Philadelphia

Apply now

Refer someone

As a Data Engineer based in our Philadelphia office you will be working alongside a diverse multi-talented team in a fast-paced agile environment. In this role, you will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection from cross functional teams.

You will support our Global Salesforce capability and work closely with software developers, database architects, data analysts on data initiatives and will ensure that data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Bringing your technology expertise, you will uplift a new global Salesforce platform by supplying efficient data requirements, ensuring compliance to internal and external policies and standards, supporting feature team development, and providing innovative solutions to business needs.

Your subject matter expertise will add value as you provide a strong understanding and practical application of the most appropriate AWS tooling to utilise and support data movement.

Using your hands-on programming experience in python, you will be able to contribute to on-going development by collaborating with stakeholders of all levels.

Your attention to detail will be utilized as you design clean, efficient, robust and reliable solutions that deliver on requirements as well as advising on data centric designs, that are secure, stable and scalable.

We’ll need you to bring a strong understanding of data modelling and data architecture principles along with hands-on experience authoring and configuring AWS data pipes. You’ll also have prior experience building microservices and components for efficient data delivery across systems.

If you have development experience in a large organisation within a complex technology landscape, that includes AWS experience, then we want to hear from you.

About the Corporate Operations Group

The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Market Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. The Corporate Operations Group’s purpose is to power the entrepreneurial enterprise.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

We recognise that flexibility comes in a variety of forms. Talk to us about what flexibility you need.",3.5,"Macquarie Group
3.5","Philadelphia, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
413,Contract Data Analyst,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Amyx is seeking to hire a Contract Data Analyst located in Rosslyn, VA. The successful candidate must have A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization. Also, a minimum of 2 years of experience serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities and Skills:

Knowledge of WAWF eBusiness processes.
Knowledge of the federal acquisition process.
Knowledge of contracting principles, laws regulation and procedures.
Knowledge of methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.
Knowledge and Experience of the WAWF eBusienss Suite, to include: iRAPT, EDA, IUID, CDR, MyInvoice, and Contract Closeout.
Good verbal, analytical and written communication skills.
Good organizational skills in tracking data and actions.
Knowledge and Experience writing professional documents.
Knowledge and Experience in Customer Service.
Skilled in Business Intelligence Reporting.
Proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of applications including Word, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Project as well as with Adobe Acrobat.

Supported Technologies:
Integrative Acquisition Environment
DOD acquisition system

Qualifications:

Required Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and preferred majors are accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.
2 years of experience required in serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:
Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition procedures

Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.
Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
Physical Demands
Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.",4.0,"Amyx, Inc.
4.0","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
414,Principal Data Scientist,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Figure

At Figure, we're on a mission to transform financial services through blockchain, bringing speed, efficiency and savings to both consumers and institutions.

Accomplishing this kind of transformation requires building really big things. And we understand that building big requires a creative, team oriented and supportive environment where everyone can do their absolute best work. The Figure team is comprised of incredibly driven, innovative, collaborative and curious people who love architecting and building from scratch. Everyone at the company is encouraged to be an individual contributor but also a team collaborator.

We value team members who bring an entrepreneurial mindset to every task and will embrace our culture of innovation. Every day at Figure is a journey in continuous learning yet a daily focus on getting work done that makes a difference.

This is an opportunity to work with a team of proven leaders who have already created billions of dollars in value in the Fintech space. Join us!

About the Role

Each member of the Data team plays an integral part of what we are building at Figure. We rely on advanced techniques in machine learning, cloud platforms and big data to drive decisions across the organization. If you are interested in working with an impressive team of Data pros who collaborate and challenge each other, and want to solve interesting problems to propel the company's growth, apply now!

What You'll Do
Develop custom models and algorithms to apply to large datasets, as well as, processes for monitoring and analyzing their performance.
Mine and analyze data from different resources, and use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, customer acquisition, underwriting and other business outcomes.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business decisions.
Understand and apply proper risk framework to your analysis and modeling.
Collaborate cross functionally to implement models and monitor outcomes.
What We Look For
8+ years of hands on Data Science experience building Models and partnering with stakeholders to make business decisions
Credit and Risk modeling experience in consumer finance
Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on translating real-life problems into a concrete model development strategy. Blend academic rigor with a sense of pragmatism for rapidly prototyping and delivering solutions.
Experienced in using Python for analysis and modeling (TensorFlow is a big plus)
Experience applying a wide range of statistical techniques to large data sets, and understanding their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Experience using web services (AWS, GCP), and distributed data/computing tools (Spark, Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Excellent cross-functional communication skills.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Benefits To You
Competitive salary based on experience and skills
Firm-wide performance based bonus
Competitive stock options package as an early member of the team
A flexible paid time off and vacation policy
Comprehensive health, vision, dental insurance
Company FSA, 401k, work from home benefits
And much more to come!
Figure will not sponsor work visas for this position. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.",4.4,"Figure
4.4",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
415,Principal Data Scientist,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:


Fidelity is asking the question: How much AI can be applied to practically improve investors decision support process? Fidelity is looking for an experienced data scientist to advance the research and development of AI/ML methods as components in the delivery of innovative investment management technology solutions. This role will design and implement portfolio risk and optimization techniques to deliver industry differentiated capabilities.

The ideal candidate will have experience combining multi-variate statistical modeling, machine learning and open-source approaches to Cloud computing and Big Data into practical investment capabilities. We desire candidates with proven track records in the design and implementation of deep learning and/or portfolio optimization methods. Experience/interest in high performance computing, including quantum computing will be a plus.

This position will be based in Boston, MA.


The Team

The Advanced Technology for Investment Management (ATIM) is an innovation team within Fidelity. ATIM makes pivotal investments in building break-through technologies as practical and innovative investment capabilities. The goal is to continually strengthen investment decision support, build portfolio construction insights and support personalized investment goals. The team works within an innovation ecosystem that includes partners from investment, client relations, technology and centralized R&D units. Fidelitys ATIM seeks cross-domain authorities with backgrounds that connect investment management, machine learning and technology implementation. We cultivate success through a rigorous, collaborative approach that builds, tests, and iterates as we learn and seek challenging processes and problems in investment management.

The Expertise You Have
PhD in Computer Science, Applied Math, Statistics, Physics, Data Science or related field
Interest in financial markets, products, and investment processes.
Prior experience in building simulation models, predictive models or optimization solutions which delivered business value.
Expertise in model evaluation and computation performance tuning on production environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills, effective in interacting with both technical and non-technical professionals.
Embrace agile methodology and pay meticulous attention to detail
Unquestioned integrity
The Skills You Bring


Required:
Proven and deep expertise in applying deep learning, generative modeling and advanced AI techniques to tackle business problems
Proven passion for the financial markets, products, and investment process (including: Fixed Income Analytics, Asset Pricing Models and Multi-Factor Risk Models)
Good applied knowledge with statistical models, predictive models and time series analysis (such as regression, classification, simulation, dimension reduction techniques)
Good applied knowledge of mathematical algorithms of solving common optimization problems (including: linear/nonlinear/integer programming)
Proven success building computing algorithms with Java, Scala, Python or R with GPUs and/or map-reduce framework
Strong data exploration and analysis skills using advanced SQL
Desire to work with interactive web tools and quick prototyping with visualization
Preferred:

Experience with crafting proprietary machine learning processes to model dynamic dependencies and causalities
Knowledge with quantum computing, applying existing quantum computing libraries and quantum circuit design
The Value You Deliver
Advancing the research and development of AI/ML methods as components in the delivery of innovative investment management technology solutions
Designing and implementing portfolio risk and optimization techniques to deliver industry differentiated capabilities
Effective partnering across Fidelitys technology, AI Center of Excellence and investment teams
Certifications:
Category:
Business Analytics and Insights

Company Overview


At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.",4.0,"Fidelity Investments
4.0","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1946,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
416,Lead Data Analyst,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary

FGL Holdings—the F&G family of insurance companies—is committed to helping Americans prepare for and live comfortably in their retirement. Through its subsidiaries, F&G is a leading provider of annuity and life insurance products. For nearly 60 years, we have offered annuity and life insurance products to those who are seeking safety, protection and income solutions to meet their needs.

At F&G, we believe our culture is what makes our company great. In 2019, we received a Top Workplace award, which we credit to our employees' shared cultural values: Collaborative, Authentic, Dynamic and Empowered. We believe that by embracing these values, we will continue to build and strengthen the company, while being a great place to work. We recruit talented and committed individuals to join our team, and we provide opportunities for personal and professional growth.

The Lead Data Analyst will be responsible for performing data analysis for the Information Technology department as well as supporting the assigned projects for business clients of Information Technology. As a senior team member, the Lead Data Analyst will assume lead roles in data design and data modeling, oversee the work of other less experienced data analysts, and participate in the strategic planning around future development of the F&G data environment.

Organization

This position reports directly to the Manager, Data Analysis and Integration and has significant interaction with members of the IT organization, Third Party Administrators, group managers, and departmental analysts throughout the organization. In addition, interaction with the PMO (for prioritization and reporting) and related management (owners of the business interface function) will be critical and ongoing.

Duties and Responsibilities

Data Analysis

Directs interaction with the business leaders, developers, DBA team and end-user to gain a thorough understanding of the data being requested
Provides effort estimates for analysis and design of data interfaces
Maps requested data fields from Third Party Systems to F&G data structures and/or provides oversight and guidance of other Data Analysts performing the task
Creates data field conversions from Third Party systems to F&G definitions or provides oversight and guidance to other Data Analysts assigned to perform the task
Manages complex TPA Data Changes from inception to production and/or leads other Data Analysts performing the task
Documents Data requirements and effectively communicate them to the Development teams
Creates and refines documentation templates to support the SDLC process improvements
Works directly with the Third-Party data staff to develop the requested data interfaces
Tests the data received from the Third-Party systems for accuracy of format and conversion definitions or providing oversight and guidance of other assigned Data Analysts performing the task
Leads complex data efforts for all data related production support incidents
Works independently with minimal direction
Participates in hiring of new data analysts and assists with their on-boarding and training
Mentors and oversees the work of other Data Analysts to ensure that they are meeting their deliverables

Report Design

Responsible for the collection, analysis, interpretation and summarization of data in the generation of reports for end-users
Designs and or develops database objects (databases, tables, stored procedures, database functions) to support the collection, tracking and reporting of business data
Designs, develops and supports reporting tools that utilize advanced features in MS Excel and MS Access (i.e. VBA, macros)
Works with Developers to automate reports, processes and tests results

Data Consultation

Acts in a consultative position for answering questions about the available data and the data that it is possible to capture from the Third-Party systems
Provides support for miscellaneous data projects

Data Governance

Works with the data team to maintain current and accurate Data Classifications
Participates in Data Steward Council meetings and activities
Supports data needs and questions of Data Stewards
Participates in all Data Quality initiatives

Experience and Education Requirements

Required

Bachelor's degree (preferred emphasis in computer science or MIS) or equivalent combination of education and experience
8+ years of experience
Experience with Life and Annuity insurance systems
5+ years of experience with SQL Server 2000 or higher
5+ years of experience developing logical and physical data models
Thorough understanding of the software development life cycle (SDLC)
Excellent/proven troubleshooting and problem resolution skills
Experience with SQL query tools such as Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio or Toad
Experience in working with Data Governance policies and procedures
Experience in creating data marts and other data warehousing practices

Preferred Requirements

Experience leading a team
Experience implementing and/or working with metadata
Experience working with Informatica IDQ or similar data quality tools
Experience working with XML files for data integration
Experience with database design/modeling tools such as Erwin
Experience with Microsoft Visio
Experience with Tableau

Skills and Abilities

Knowledge of Big Data and Master Data Management
Knowledge of data integrity protocols and security requirements and techniques
Strong technical documentation skills
Strong time management and organizational skills to enable productivity in a fast-paced, dynamic development environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work effectively in team-based development projects
Excellent interpersonal skills.

Physical Demands and Work Environment

Must be able to work in a fast-paced team environment and handle multiple projects and assignments under tight deadlines
Must demonstrate willingness to work flexible hours as needed to accommodate business needs and deliverables
Must be able to sit in front of a computer for extended periods of time

#INDHP

#LI-JS1",3.8,"Fidelity & Guaranty Life
3.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
417,Senior Data Scientist,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Fracta

Fracta.ai uses machine learning and big data to optimize infrastructure investments – starting with water pipe network replacement solutions for water utilities worldwide. Our mission is to help utilities manage and conserve resources through the creation of intelligent infrastructure. Fracta gives utility companies the most comprehensive view of conditions, allowing them to optimize replacement decisions and reduce costs by as much as 40 percent.

About the Role

We are looking for a results-driven, motivated Senior Data Scientist who is passionate about creating world-class machine learning models and predictions. This is a very senior role which will allow you to test innovative techniques and models to improve the accuracy of our core algorithm and create a huge impact at the company. It is a role which requires creativity and a keen ability to solve difficult data problems. We take personal development seriously, so all members of the data science team receive mentoring and opportunities to grow in their careers.

Required Qualifications
Strong knowledge and experience in implementing machine learning in real-world applications – minimum 3 years of experience. Experience with structured data.
Knowledge and ability to deal with challenging data problems such as data mining, feature definition and ML-based data cleaning.
Demonstrated ability to work with highly imbalanced data sets
Experience working with data in a cloud-based application (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Knowledge of Python required, PyTorch and SQL (BigQuery) preferred
Team player: able to solve problems as part of a team and coach junior engineers
Desire and ability to work in a fast-paced, results-oriented start-up
Position is based downtown Redwood City, CA, right by the Caltrain station. We will consider exceptional candidates in other locations for remote work.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Location:
Redwood City, CA 94063 (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
Fracta
Company's Facebook page:
Fracta
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.3,"Fracta
4.3","Redwood City, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
418,Principal Applied Research Scientist (AI and Machine Learning),$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our mission is to protect life.
We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. From our company's inception building the TASER device to a full suite of hardware and software solutions, we are focused on providing police agencies with the state-of-the-art devices and services they need to successfully serve and protect us. In the next few years, we're going to eliminate the burden of paperwork in policing, so officers can increase the time they spend building relationships and serving in their communities. We’ll put video at the heart of the police record so our justice system can get to the truth faster. And we won't stop innovating until the bullet is rendered obsolete.

It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day.

Your Impact
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research and deploy it in real life situations for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work that addresses some of today’s most challenging problems in the public safety space?

The ideal candidate will have a proven scientific background and a consistent track record of successfully researching and delivering scalable AI-based products with hands-on execution as well as by mentoring other scientists. We need someone willing to be fearless and more than willing to take on bold challenges. By accelerating adoption of our technologies, you'll help protect life in public safety for both officers and the communities they serve around the world.
Your Day-to-Day
Leverage state-of-the-art research to deliver high quality models enabling multiple AI projects at scale
Help your teammates deal with ML modeling ambiguities while maintaining the balance between future-proofing and over-engineering
Advise and collaborate with senior leaders and domain experts companywide
Contribute back to the research community via academic publications, tech blogs, open-source code and contributing to internal/external AI challenges
Represent Axon at tech talk events and scientific conferences
Required Skills & Professional Experience
A Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or an equivalent highly technical field
5+ years of modeling experience in one or more the following areas: Natural Language Processing/Understanding (NLP/NLU), Computer Vision (CV) and Acoustic Event Detection
Hands on experience developing, scaling and implementing machine learning using relevant programming languages (such as Python), state of the art deep learning frameworks and big data tools
Working knowledge of advanced ML techniques: Multi-task Learning, Transfer Learning, Reinforcement Learning as well as Unsupervised and Semi-supervised Learning
Track record of publications and contributions to the machine learning community at large
Experience with designing and shipping software products that leverage machine learning at scale
Excellent problem solving skills and ability to dive into learning algorithms, model architecture, evaluation metrics, and field testing scenarios
Comfort communicating and interacting with scientists, engineers and product managers as well as understanding and translating the science of AI and Machine Learning to a more general audience
Preferred Qualifications
A Ph.D. Degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or an equivalent highly technical field
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with distributed machine learning and deploying models at scale in cloud environments (such as AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud)
Familiarity with IoT/Edge AI and optimizing ML models to run on-device with constrained compute, power and latency budgets
Compensation & Benefits
An awesome office/working environment with the latest technologies
Competitive salary and benefits including a great medical insurance plan for you and your family
Free lunch, gym, phone stipend, parking
Fun team activities and outings
Flexible working hours
Opportunities for training and rotations in the US
Opportunities to ride along with real US police officers in real life situations, see them use technology, and get inspired
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.7,"Axon
3.7","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
419,Medical Laboratory Scientist or Medical Lab Tech / Lab Core,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"We’re searching for a Medical Laboratory Scientist, performs patient laboratory testing, instrument calibration, maintenance troubleshooting, quality control testing, and equipment function verification in the areas of Hematology, Microscopy, Coagulation, Chemistry, Microbiology, Virology and Serology. Reports and interprets laboratory test results. Advises and consults with the Medical Staff, nursing staff, and laboratory staff.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Performs laboratory tests on patient specimens in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Microscopy, Coagulation, Microbiology, Virology and Serology to assist in identifying medical disorders and to monitor ongoing patient therapy.
Utilizes LIS for reporting patient results, documenting quality control and distribution of data.
Checks instrument calibration and reagent reactivity by assaying quality control specimens to assure accurate patient test results.
Evaluates results of patient testing, quality control and survey testing, takes appropriate action to prevent compromises in patient care.
Participates throughout the calendar year in proficiency testing.
Performs troubleshooting, function checks and maintenance procedures to keep equipment and instruments in proper working order.
Maintains adequate inventory levels and stocking of supplies and reagents.
Supports new staff in training as necessary.
Prepares specimens to be sent to referral laboratories and reports test results as they are returned.
Consults with physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals concerning requested services and test results.
Performs the duties of Charge Technologist as stated in the Policies and Procedures Manual when assigned.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in Medical Laboratory Science or related science, which includes a one-year internship in an approved clinical laboratory required.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS

Current and valid Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) or equivalent certification with the American Society of Clinical Pathology or other equivalent certifying agency required, within 6 months of hire.

EOE/Vets/Disabled

ref 9809

We’re searching for a Medial Lab Technician, under the direction of a Medical Laboratory Scientist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech performs patient laboratory testing, instrument calibration, maintenance troubleshooting, quality control testing, and equipment function verification in the areas of Hematology, Microscopy, Coagulation, Chemistry, Microbiology, Virology and Serology. Reports and interprets laboratory test results. Advises and consults with the Medical Staff, nursing staff, and laboratory staff.

Essential Functions

· Under direction of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, performs laboratory tests on patient specimens in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Microscopy, Coagulation, Microbiology, Virology and Serology to assist in identifying medical disorders and to monitor ongoing patient therapy.

· Utilizes LIS for reporting patient results, documenting quality control and distribution of data.

· Following the guidance of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, checks instrument calibration and reagent reactivity by assaying quality control specimens to assure accurate patient test results.

· With oversight of a Medical Technologist, Laboratory Supervisor or Charge Tech, evaluates results of patient testing, quality control and survey testing, takes appropriate action to prevent compromises in patient care.

· Participates throughout the calendar year in proficiency testing.

· Performs troubleshooting, function checks and maintenance procedures to keep equipment and instruments in proper working order

· Maintains adequate inventory levels and stocking of supplies and reagents.

· Supports new staff in training as necessary.

· Obtains blood specimens from patients using standardized capillary or venipuncture procedures as ordered by the physician.

· Consults with physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals concerning requested services and test results.

Performs other duties as assigned
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Associate’s degree from an accredited college or university in Medical Laboratory or related science required.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS

Current and valid Medical Laboratory Technician certification with the American Society of Clinical Pathology or other equivalent certifying agency required, within 6 months of hire.

EOE/Vets/Disabled
About Children's Hospital

When you work at Children’s, you’re part of a treasured place of healing in the Omaha community—and beyond. Join our team of highly engaged, caring professionals who believe deeply in the organization’s mission—to improve the life of every child. We support equity, diversity and inclusion, and as you apply your skills and expertise to helping children, you too will have opportunities to grow your career. In 2021, we’ll open the new Hubbard Center for Children, tripling our capacity to serve children.

When children are your everything, anything can be…",3.7,"Children's Hospital & Medical Center - Omaha
3.7","Omaha, NE",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
420,Data Analyst - Intex Developer,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst - Intex Developer


New York

Apply now

Refer someone

Bring your hands-on software development experience to our Credits Market team in New York.

In this highly visible role, you will use your strong Python programming skills to work alongside other senior developers to build data services and integrate them with Excel models for our front office. A knowledge of Intext software applications would be very useful for this role, but not a pre-requisite for application.

Critical to success in this role is 3 years or more of hands-on development experience with data analytics and creating and streamlining data libraries specializing in credit loan models (RMBS, CLO, ABS, student loans etc.). You will also need to be comfortable working in both Linux and Windows and have an understanding of modern system architectures.

To be successful you will need to possess:
a Degree in quantitative field (math, engineering, computer science)
strong technical acumen with Python and Intex in Microsoft and Linux environments
experience collaborating with other developers on non-trivial projects in a fast-paced setting
If you're ready to start your career, please apply now.

Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.

Find out more about Macquarie at www.macquarie.com/about

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

If you're ready to start your career, please apply now.

About Commodities and Global Markets

Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

We recognise that flexibility comes in a variety of forms. Talk to us about what flexibility you need.

*LI-AMERICAS",3.5,"Macquarie Group
3.5","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
421,Data Engineer,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Click ""Apply for this Job"" below to submit your application. After doing so, please take our 4-minute web analytics assessment followed by a 15-minute aptitude test by clicking the following link:

Start Assessment

Who We Are:

2-time winner of Crain's 100 Best Places to Work, Direct Agents is a data-driven digital marketing agency with offices in NY and LA.

Established in 2003, we are an independent company, and our business has been built on adapting and driving change since the very beginning. Fueled by the grit and hustle of our diverse team, we’re inspired by experimentation and seek to push the boundaries on innovative approaches to advertising. Our teams are committed to growing and innovating alongside clients like Colgate, Walker & Co., Belkin, The CW, Wacoal, and more.

Together, we think differently and we continue to shape the digital space into the future…

We are the Shapers of the Digital World. Join us and become a shaper of change!

As a Data Engineer, you will create tangible value by helping to develop innovative data and tech systems for current and future clients. The work you do directly contributes to our ability to improve holistic business and marketing strategies aimed to meet and exceed client expectations.

You will have the opportunity to work on leading-edge AI/ML, data automation, and predictive analytics projects including: bidding algorithms, image recognition, attribution modeling, performance forecasting, propensity scoring, and much more. The position requires fostering close working relationships with internal marketing teams as well as clients.

What You’ll Do:
Create automated data systems using APIs, Selenium, web scrapers, etc.
Set up and maintain database ecosystems
Build advanced data models to provide granular and predictive insights
Develop AI systems to perform advanced operations based upon data inputs
Visualize data in an easily digestible format
Supplying internal teams with datasets to be used for strategic optimizations
Maintain data integrity and work with teams to troubleshoot discrepancies
Stay abreast of latest industry topics, trends, news, methodologies, and tools
What You’ll Need:
Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Mathematics/Computer Science/Engineering/Finance or related field
Advanced Python skillset
Strong Statistical and/or Machine Learning background
Strong knowledge of database structures and SQL
Excellent quantitative skills and attention to detail
Experience using Power BI data visualization software is a plus
Highly motivated to identify and develop solutions to complex problems
Strong time management skills – ability to prioritize and meet deadlines
Diligent work ethic. Must be self-motivated and able to take the initiative to get the job done
Digital Marketing experience is preferred but definitely not required
What You’ll Get:
Competitive pay & health benefits.
Weekly social, wellness, and team building events
Access to health benefits and many other perks like One Medical
An amazing values based company culture ripe with collaboration, encouragement and camaraderie
Monthly education and training in digital advertising
Access to the best in class marketing technology and methodology
Ability to innovate and make an impact with your ideas in real-time
A fast tracked path to growth based on what you put into the role and your passion for learning in the company
Check out our Culture Videos:

Welcome to Direct Agents: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC-LBxTw0To

DA 2019 Culture in Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP12YTMF4Dg",4.4,"Direct Agents
4.4","Culver City, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
422,Research Scientist,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them . . .
GNS Healthcare applies a powerful form of AI called causal machine learning to predict which treatments and care management programs will work for which patients, improving individual patient outcomes and the health of populations while reducing the total cost of care.

Headquartered in the biotechnology and health IT center of Cambridge, MA, our patented REFS technology is based on recent breakthroughs in causal machine learning and AI that transforms massive quantities of patient data into computer models of disease at molecular, patient, and health system levels. These computer models power up solutions, products, and services that health plans, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, and patient foundations utilize to slow disease progression, reduce adverse events and hospitalization, and improve therapeutic effectiveness. Our platforms and solutions have been validated across more than 45 diseases including oncology, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, neurology, etc. and have appeared in over 50 peer-reviewed publications.

Position Summary

The research scientist will join a dynamic team responsible for start-to-finish work on the analysis and interpretation of biological datasets using GNSs powerful cloud-based analytics platform. You will have the opportunity to work on projects with a variety of goals including discovering new biology, identifying potential disease targets, developing prognostic and predictive biomarkers, defining target populations for clinical trial patient stratification, and predicting patient outcomes to treatment. Our clients focus on many areas of disease, thus allowing you to work across multiple disease areas including oncology, rare diseases, CNS, metabolic and cardiovascular.

We are looking for someone who thrives while working in a fast-paced and exciting environment in one of the most cutting-edge industries where big data analytics meets healthcare. You will carry out analysis projects using our proprietary, supercomputer-powered Bayesian network modeling and simulation platform, and will synthesize these results into meaningful reports for clients and product development.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal research teams and clients to evaluate study design, define research questions, write statistical analysis plans/study protocols, and conduct analyses
Integrate molecular, clinical, and epidemiological information and interpret findings to understand biological relevancy
Perform predictive and causal modeling using both proprietary and off-the-shelf tools
Develop reports and presentations for clients and collaborators
Participate in publication of findings and submissions to scientific meetings.
Troubleshoot with clients and internal stakeholders to refine and optimize models
Communicate technical results clearly and concisely to clients, discuss how to incorporate information into their processes, and achieve high client satisfaction
Complete studies of high complexity in a timeline driven manner
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications: (Title commensurate with experience)
Relevant Masters Degree (Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Biostatistics, or Epidemiology)
2 years of relevant work experience
Expert level experience programming in R
Demonstrated expertise in using computational modeling, machine learning, informatics, or mathematics to generate insights for biology in at least one of the following disease areas: oncology, cardiovascular, metabolic/CV, immunology, rare disease, neurology, etc.
Strong written and verbal communication; an ability to communicate technical material to non-technical audiences simply and clearly
Preferred Qualifications:
PhD
Experience working with advanced ML techniques, probability theory, Bayesian analysis, or causal inference methods
Oncology research experience
Familiarity with the UNIX and cluster computing environment
A passion to learn new things and solve problems
Company Culture

Our philosophy at GNS is simple: we cannot transform healthcare with anything less than an all-star team. We are seeking smart, driven people who are experts in their field, have a track record of success and a passion for creating change. We believe that strong teams supercharge the performance of individuals, create a fun and dynamic workplace and great results for our clients and the people they serve.

We are passionate about our work and believe in the ability of our technology to change the world. Our core values of integrity, collaboration, value, diversity, and game-changing guide our behaviors with each other and our clients.

GNS offers competitive salaries, stock options, unlimited vacation, health, dental and vision insurance, life insurance, long-term disability, 401(k), generous parental leave, tuition reimbursement, professional development, subsidized parking and gym membership, tasty food, volunteering opportunities, social gatherings, and more.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GNS Healthcare provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or conditions related to pregnancy, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GNS Healthcare complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

Powered by JazzHR",3.0,"GNS Healthcare
3.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
423,Polymer Characterization Scientist,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"A trusted partner at nearly three million commercial customer locations, Ecolab (ECL) is the global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services. With annual sales of $13 billion and more than 45,000 associates, Ecolab delivers comprehensive solutions, data-driven insights and personalized service to advance food safety, maintain clean and safe environments, optimize water and energy use, and improve operational efficiencies and sustainability for customers in the food, healthcare, hospitality and industrial markets in more than 170 countries around the world.

Ecolab is seeking a Polymer Characterization Scientist to develop and advance technical platforms satisfying both business and customer needs. In this role, you will be responsible for performing and leading research, development and problem-solving projects to enable new product and platform development. You will work closely with anchor and divisional RD&E teams to design, execute and communicate results. We are seeking candidates who have strong collaboration and teamwork skills, are self-motivated, have good communication skills, are creative problem solvers, and possess strong observation and perception skills.

Whats in it For You:
The opportunity to take on some of the worlds most meaningful challenges, helping customers achieve clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments
The ability to make an impact and shape your career with a company that is passionate about growth
The support of an organization that believes it is vital to include and engage diverse people, perspectives and ideas to achieve our best
What You Will Do:
Develop and transfer phase 0-1 chemistry and formulation concepts
Collaborate with anchor and divisional research scientists/RD&E leaders on new development projects and platforms
Conduct synthetic polymer characterizations through, for example, molecular weight measurements using Size Exclusion Chromatography-Multi Angle Light Scattering (SEC-MALS) techniques
Develop organic and aqueous phase SEC methods
Perform Thermogravimetric Analysis (TGA) and Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC) analysis of products and product blends
Collaborate with other researchers to design and ultimately provide the most complete product analysis
Actively engage in development of new platforms that meet strategic business needs
Interpret experimental data and communicate results clearly to peers and project teams in written reports and oral presentations
Provide consulting on experimental design, mentoring, and work direction for junior lab scientists
Maintain employee safety standards, including 6S lab standards
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Chemistry or related discipline and 5 years of R&D experience; Masters Degree and 3 years of R&D experience; or Ph.D. and 1 year of R&D experience
Experience working with fundamental physical/chemical properties and structural activity relationships
Experience conducting synthetic polymer characterizations through, for example, molecular weight measurements using Size Exclusion Chromatography-Multi Angle Light Scattering (SEC-MALS) techniques
Experience developing organic and aqueous phase SEC methods
Experience performing Thermogravimetric Analysis (TGA), Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC), and rheological analysis of products and product blends
Preferred Qualifications:
Method development experience with water soluble polymer characterization techniques like SEC/GPC, SEC-MALS and viscometry
Demonstrated record of applying polymer characterization techniques to a wide variety of problems
Fundamental understanding of polymerization processes and formulation
Working knowledge of statistics
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Ecolab, we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran.

In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. Ecolab is a place where you can grow your career, own your future and impact what matters.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.",3.7,"Ecolab
3.7","Naperville, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1923,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
424,Data Scientist (Personal Valuation Team),$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Positioned at Publicis Groupe's core, Conversant is a marketing tech platform that helps brands transform ordinary customer experiences into meaningful, human experiences. The Conversant platform powers a connected suite of products and services called Epsilon PeopleCloud, combining leading-edge identity management, industrial-strength data and technology expertise with big brand acumen gained over five decades of working with the industry’s top brands. Our human-powered, data-led marketing delivers unmatched depth, breadth and scale to help brands create exceptional business outcomes. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com. Follow us on Twitter at @EpsilonMktg.

Job Description

External Title: Data Scientist
Internal Title: Decision Science, Scientist

As a Data Scientist in our Decision Sciences R&D organization, yyou will be responsible for researching and building machine learning, natural language processing, and recommender system applications to extend Epsilon CORE Personalization Platform. Epsilon CORE Personalization Platform analyzes anonymized data at Internet scale and evaluates more than one trillion advertising opportunities per month in real-time. You will work on real-world problems as part of our highly collaborative R&D team, and your solutions will directly and rapidly impact our business. This includes analyzing raw source data and derived data, researching and developing models, algorithms, and applications, building tools and analyses for new and existing products and presenting findings.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop an understanding of Epsilon CORE Personalization Platform and proprietary datasets
Use your machine learning expertise to research and recommend the best approaches to solving our technology and business problems
Design, implement, and validate your solutions in Apache Spark and Apache Hive using Scala or Python on large state-of-the-art computing clusters.
Work with our Engineering teams to integrate your solutions into Epsilon’s CORE Personalization Platform
Participate fully in our collaborative approach to research and applications projects

Qualifications

A Ph.D. in Computer Science, Operations Research, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, or related scientific discipline
Research experience and coursework in Optimization, Control Theory, Machine Learning, or Simulation
Experience with distributed computing, such as Hadoop, Spark, or related technologies
Familiarity with Scala, Python, SQL, or Java
Strong understanding of modeling and statistical techniques
Desire to work in a highly collaborative environment

ADDITIONAL USEFUL BUT NOT REQUIRED SKILLS

Experience with Recommender Systems, Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, Mathematical Optimization, Control Theory, Time-Series Analysis

Additional Information

Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.

Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon’s policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.

Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process.

#LI-AL1

REF17386U",3.3,"Epsilon
3.3","Chicago, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1969,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
425,Data Science All Star Program - Marketing Analytics Track,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Science All Star Program - Marketing Analytics Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Marketing Analytics Track

Job
ID

27345478

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

Our All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-Star focused on Marketing Analytics will:

* Work with client to translate Marketing strategy to specific analyses and resulting recommendations

* Work within a fast-paced, action-oriented environment

* Conduct analyses to support the business, across one or more areas of insight

* Present analysis findings and insights to the client Marketing organization

* Develop dashboard reports in Tableau to support the broader set of Marketing stakeholders

* Work with Decisioning platform and enterprise data in an EDW / Analytics Sandbox environment

* Collaborate with data team to configure fact tables that support the broader analytics team

* Collaborate and support other team members with data preparation, vestigation, methodology and development

* Work directly with the client to understand business goals, methodology considerations and timing for analysis and reporting work

Skills:
MS in Markeing Analytics, Business Analytics, or other quantitative field with some experience in Marketing

* Independent thinker, prepared to provide situational analysis and recommendations for moving things forward

* Ability to evaluate customer requirements and modify analyses and deliverables accordingly

* Ability to work closely with colleagues and client teams towards building a collective body of decisioning insights

* Strong knowledge of accessing and analyzing data in a data warehouse environment

* Ability to investigate data (vetting, anomaly detection and resolution, etc.)

* Experience in marketing analytics (CRM/Digital experience a plus)

* Ability to craft data stories through visualizations and derive insights from data

* Strong skills in Excel and data visualization e.g., Tableau, Power BI",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
426,Medical Technologist/Medical Laboratory Scientist,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"To us, it’s about living life to the fullest while serving our patients, teammates, neighbors and friends. We are dedicated and passionate in everything we do, seeking challenge and appreciating the routes that got us here. Whether our path is clinical or not, we all came to find balance and meaning in our lives within the work we are passionate about and the adventures we live.

POSITION PURPOSE:
Performs CLIA moderate and high complexity laboratory tests and analyses; recognizes and corrects problems; possesses in depth knowledge of laboratory techniques, principles, and instruments; correlates and interprets test results. Provides physicians with rapid and accurate test results.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Performs CLIA moderate and high complex lab testing, automated and non-automated, in hematology, chemistry, blood bank, microbiology, coagulation, serology, and molecular diagnostics.
Performs, statistically evaluates, troubleshoots, and records quality control, calibrations, validations on test assays.
Performs and records preventive maintenance on lab instrumentation. Identifies, evaluates, and performs corrective maintenance on lab equipment.
Validates, correlates with patients' diagnosis, interprets, & reports laboratory test data; enters data into LIS system and reviews it's completeness and accuracy. Reports and interprets data to physicians, infection control, regulatory agencies, as required.
Performs specimen collection, handling, processing, storage. Evaluates specimens quality for testing and troubleshoots deviations.
Assists in the development of QA and QI projects; collects and tabulates QA data.
Assists with training and education of new med techs and lab assistants.
Maintains competency and continuing education in general lab practices.
Perform other duties as assigned. Must be HIPAA compliant.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience:
1 year in a CLIA high complexity lab perfered.

Certification(s):
Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) by the American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or
Medical Technologist (MT) by the American Medical Technologists (AMT)",3.9,"Vail Health
3.9","Vail, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1966,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
427,Lead computational biologist / machine learning,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Hunter BioDiscovery, Boston, MA
Lead Computational Biologist/Machine Learning Expert
Background - Hunter BioDiscovery
Hunter is a drug discovery company dedicated to developing novel cancer therapies using combinations of known drugs. Historically, the most successful therapies have been combinations. However, therapeutic drug pairs have only been discovered serendipitously. Now there is strong evidence that a deliberate and exhaustive screen of drug pairs can illuminate novel pathways and treatments.
Hunter’s breakthrough capability enables us to assay previously untested combinations at ultra-high speed and very low cost. Using proprietary microfluidics and tailored chemistry Hunter screens single cells against matrices of drug pairs. From these assays spring a font of proprietary, empirically derived data on the synergy and viability of drugs across cancer cell types. Given the vast search space of drug pairs, our platform is a game changer in drug discovery and drug repurposing.
Hunter was founded by a team of serial entrepreneurs from Harvard University and Mass General Hospital. With our Series A financing closed and our microfluidics platform scaling up, now is the time for us to invest in analytics to guide our discovery engine.
Role - Lead Computational Biologist/Machine Learning Expert
We seek a problem solver eager to applying analytics to rich datasets. The ideal candidate will be a broad, interdisciplinary thinker and self-starter with an entrepreneurial mindset. This person will have deep expertise in biology, computational chemistry, data modeling and, or machine learning.
At Hunter, the Lead Computational Biologist/Machine Learning Expert will own our data analytics workstream. Their goal is to build tools to help winnow our ever-growing data to promising drug pairs worthy of clinical validation. The ideal candidate will innovate ways to analyze, integrate, visualize, and interpret data.
Role and Responsibilities
Develop novel algorithms to analyze genomic data, transcriptional data and datasets from internal screens
Design algorithms, apply statistical methods, including machine learning models, to inform discovery and target assessments
Apply computational and statistical tools to analyze single-cell transcriptional analyses
Collaborate with experimental biologists and CSO to interpret data.
Develop or guide data visualization efforts integrating diverse data types to build data package for IND case.
Build data driven hypotheses to detect mechanisms of action which underpin viability of drug pairs
Rank drug pair candidates by modeling cellular pathways disrupted by chemical structures
Preferred Qualifications
S. or Ph.D. level experience with computer science, machine learning or biology, computational chemistry or related fields
Demonstrated experiences of applying deep learning techniques such as CNNs, GANs, and reinforcement learning in drug discovery
Experience analyzing -omics datasets
Productization mindset with an academic footing
Design algorithms to statistically model viability of drug pairs
Able to recruit, mentor and grow junior team members
Experience building tools and managing others to build tools
Detail oriented experimentalist with excellent troubleshooting skills
Excellent verbal communication skills
Works well under aggressive timelines
Please send cover letter, resume and LinkedIn pointer to
careers@hunterbiodiscovery.com",-1,Hunter Biodiscovery,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
428,Data Warehousing and Analytics Consultant,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Congratulations on exploring your career opportunities with FAST and taking the first step to becoming a FASTie! A FASTie? Yes, a FASTie.

FAST-ie’faesteoun

1. an energetic, intelligent, enthusiastic person who works at Fast Enterprises. 2. a person dedicated to modernizing government technology to better serve the general public. 3. someone who is open to adventure and wants to experience new places around the world. 4. someone who enjoys collaboration with clients and camaraderie with teammates while solving business and technology problems.

If the description below speaks to you, take 5 minutes (seriously, only 5 minutes) to apply!

As aData Warehousing and Analytics Consultanton our team, you will be involved with data warehousing, business intelligence, and data analytics. We have sites across North America and abroad. Candidates should be flexible with respect to work locations.Data Warehousing and Analytics Consultants will begin their career as an Implementation Consultant on a client site to learn our software products prior to transitioning into the position.

Candidates should possess a degree in one of the following areas:
Computer/Management Information Systems
Computer Science
Mathematics FAST may also consider graduates from other areas of study when supplemented with technical experience or aptitude.
Employment Qualifications:
Candidates are not required to have a background in data warehousing and analytics. However, candidates should have an interest in working with data and performing data analysis.
Strong communication skills are imperative.
Exposure to specific technology is not required. However,experience in the following areas is desirable:
Data warehousing or analytics experience, and extensive knowledge of SQL, SQL Server, or Oracle DBMS is desirable
MS Visual Basic.NET.
FAST is an equal opportunity employer.
Voluntary Self-Identification Information is requested for U.S. applicants during the application process.",4.3,"Fast Enterprises
4.3","Denver, CO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
429,Data Scientist/Machine Learning Expert,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"26-Aug-2020

Job ID
301660BR
{""QuestionName"":""Job Description"",""AnswerValue"":""ONE Global Discovery Chemistry Community working across 7 disease areas at the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR) is seeking a hardworking and motivated Data Scientist to join our Computer-Aided Drug Discovery (CADD) Department in Cambridge, MA. The successful candidate will join an energizing and collaborative research organization, working alongside colleagues who are dedicated to improving human health through the discovery of transformative medicines.

We are seeking an outstanding data scientist with the skills, experience and passion to extract new knowledge and ground-breaking insights from the expanded body of data collected by one of the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies. You will be a member of our global CADD group, an interdisciplinary team of expert molecular modelers, cheminformaticians, and data scientists. Teamed up with domain specialists from biology, chemistry and translational medicine, this is a unique opportunity to develop and apply cutting-edge machine learning technologies to uncover insights to real-world drug discovery problems and innovate paths to transformative medicines.

What you'll do:
Develop and implement approaches for extracting patterns and correlations from both internal and external data sources using machine learning toolkits
Develop workflows for conducting comparative analysis among Novartis’ diverse data sources as well as generalizing approaches crafted in-house or externally.
Enable open-source solutions for internal use and implement cutting-edge published scientific methods.
Develop customized machine learning solutions including data querying and knowledge extraction.
Interact and be part of matrixed project teams to drive effective decision-making by mining and developing predictive models
Develop skills in the area of cheminformatics and drug discovery and improve those to accelerate development of novel machine learning algorithms
Know the latest breakthroughs in scientific literature and interact with scientists to integrate data science technologies
Posting Title
Data Scientist/Machine Learning Expert",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
430,Senior Data Scientist,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Design, implement and optimize algorithms for unsupervised and supervised learning based on structured and unstructured data. Develop powerful business insights from social, marketing, industrial data and public policy using advanced machine learning techniques. Work closely with the software engineering team to productize analytic software. Collaborate with system integration and data warehouse engineers on data extraction and data cleaning. Work in a highly interactive, team-oriented environment. Requires a bachelor's degree in a STEM or related field and 5 years of experience, or a Master's degree in same with 3 years, or a PhD.",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
431,"Sr Principal Data Engineer - Secureworks - Austin, TX; Atlanta, GA; or US Remote",$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Secureworks

Secureworks® (NASDAQ: SCWX) a global cybersecurity leader, enables our customers and partners to outpace and outmaneuver adversaries with more precision, so they can rapidly adapt and respond to market forces to meet their business needs. With a unique combination of cloud-native, SaaS security platform and intelligence-driven security solutions, informed by 20+ years of threat intelligence and research, no other security platform is grounded and informed with this much real-world experience. www.secureworks.com

We enjoy competitive compensation and benefits packages, and reward and recognize our employees for exceptional results. A constant focus on continued learning and growth keeps our team members engaged and excited about “what’s next.” We offer flexible work options when available, and emphasize the importance of work-life balance. We know that when our people are rewarded, recognized, and rejuvenated, we win as a team.

Role Overview


We are looking for a detail-oriented, talented, and enthusiastic data engineer to work in a fast-paced, startup-like environment with a seasoned cross-functional team of Security Experts, Data Scientists, and Machine Learning Engineers to advance the state-of-the-art in network defense. If you love the challenges that come with big data then this role is for you. Duties include large-scale data routing, modeling, extraction, transformation, loading, warehousing, and composing such systems together with support for monitoring and mediation logic. You will use the latest big data platforms and technologies (e.g. NiFi, Spark, Kafka, NoSQL, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS/GCP) to help federate algorithms and applications across many clouds as part of the next generation Secureworks platform.

The ideal candidate will have a software development background with an emphasis on distributed systems and some familiarity with data science or machine learning, though personal expertise is not required. This role requires a data engineer that can take architectures from concept to reality and work well within a collaborative environment. If you’re an engineer with experience solving big data problems, you might have what it takes to become an elite member of our team and help us innovate faster than the bad guys.

Key Responsibilities
Design, build, launch, and maintain infrastructure to support large-scale data routing, streaming and historical processing, data warehousing, and container orchestration.
Employ a variety of languages and tools to marry big data systems together and hunt down opportunities to acquire new data from other systems.
Recommend and implement ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality.
Collaborate with data scientists and security researchers to productize new methods of extracting information from structured and unstructured data.
Work effectively on a geographically distributed team to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules.
Minimum Requirements
Minimum of 6 years of experience in data engineering, data modeling, ETL development, or data warehousing.
Minimum of 2 years of experience of software engineering in Scala.
Minimum of 2 years of experience with scripting languages like Python, Ruby, Perl, Bash, etc.
Minimum of 3 years of experience with big data platforms (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, HBase, etc)
Preferred Experience
Experience with Amazon AWS, Google GCP, or similar cloud provider.
Experience working with containers and container orchestration solutions such as Docker, Kubernetes, Mesos, etc.
Experience with stream-processing systems, such as NiFi/StreamSets, Kafka, Storm/Heron, Spark, or Flink.
Experience with distributed NoSQL databases, such as HBase, Cassandra, or Accumulo.
Secureworks (A Dell Technologies Company) is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Secureworks are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Secureworks will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Secureworks here.",3.8,"Secureworks
3.8","Atlanta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
432,Data Engineer,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"StarsHR has the following contract opportunity available with our client in St. Louis.

Data Engineer

Required
5 years or more experience in Java, Scala or Python.
Ability to perform complex data analysis with large volumes of data.
Experience with stream processing, e.g. Kafka, Spark Streaming, Akka, Flink, etc..
Expert level proficiency in SQL.
Experience data modeling for large scale databases, either relational or NoSQL (graph, key:value, document, etc.) • 5+ years experience with developing ETL/Data Pipeline solutions.
Proven experience (2 years) with distributed systems, e.g. Mesos, Kubernetes, Spark, Hadoop, distributed databases, grid computing
Desired:
Experience developing and utilizing Data Lakes.
Experience with data privacy concerns
Ability to build and maintain modern cloud architecture, e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, etc.
Experience contributing to open source projects
• Knowledge of data science practices, to better steer our efforts to support them through the infrastructure we create",4.6,"StarsHR
4.6","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
433,"Principal Scientist / Team Lead, Medicinal Chemistry",$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity
Does delivering a great small molecule hit, lead or development candidate thrill you? We get excited, too, and we are building the best environment in the industry to discover the drugs that will make a difference for patients. We are looking for a self-motivated, experienced Medicinal Chemist to join our team and to help drive projects from lead generation through candidate selection in a highly collaborative environment.
We take what we do seriously, but we don’t take ourselves too seriously. You’ll have fun in our collaborative and energetic environment where you’ll face new challenges every day.
If you are flexible and fearless in the face of rapidly evolving data, then we want you to join us and discover the next generation of innovative therapeutics based on protein motion!
Your Role
You will apply your drug hunting expertise to leading teams and developing strategy across the spectrum of drug discovery, from hit validation to development candidate selection. You will work closely and collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary team of computational chemists, biophysicists, cell and molecular biologists, pharmacologists, and DMPK specialists. You see how all the aspects of compound performance are necessary to make it a drug, and you can communicate that effectively to your discovery partners.
You will work with chemists at Relay as well as with teams at CROs to advance your projects.
You will contribute to the chemistry team’s development of a platform for efficient project execution by identifying and establishing collaborations with both academic and industry partners to expand our capabilities. Internally, you will help drive the implementation of cutting-edge in silico methods of compound design and data analysis to facilitate rapid SAR decision making.
Your Background
You were educated in chemistry with an emphasis on synthetic organic chemistry, synthetic methodology or a related field.
You have 7+ years of relevant biotech and/or pharmaceutical industry experience in medicinal chemistry, with an emphasis on small molecule drug discovery.
You have participated in the delivery of clinical candidates from discovery into development, and your track record of excellence is supported by high impact, peer-reviewed publications and/or patents. You have led or are ready to lead a team and make critical decisions on the SAR direction.
Our current portfolio is oncology-focused, so experience in this therapeutic area and related targets is a strong plus.
You are comfortable enabling your compound design with in silico predictive tools and structure-based drug design.
You have strong communication skills, can flex to different work styles, and believe that the best outcomes result from bringing out the creativity of your colleagues.
You are committed to building an energetic, collaborative and open company culture and contributing to the company’s success.


We believe in building balanced teams and a place where our people can be their best self every day. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds to apply.

Relay Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.

Our Culture:
At Relay Tx, we believe that along with our people, our culture is our greatest asset. In fact we're proud to share we were named as one of the Boston Business Journal's ""Best Places to Work"" in 2017, the #1 place for small companies in 2018 & the #2 place for small companies in 2019. To drive that culture, no one will stop you or hold you back. Instead, we will give you the tools and colleagues to push forward relentlessly and cheer you on as you go. If this resonates with you, drop us a line.

About Relay Therapeutics
Relay Therapeutics is a clinical-stage precision medicines company transforming the drug discovery process with the goal of bringing life-changing therapies to patients. Built on unparalleled insights into protein motion and how this dynamic behavior relates to protein function, we aim to effectively drug protein targets that have previously been intractable, with an initial focus on enhancing small molecule therapeutic discovery in targeted oncology. Our Dynamo platform integrates an array of leading-edge experimental and computational approaches to provide a differentiated understanding of protein structure and motion to drug these targets. We have built a world-class team of leading experts from each of these disciplines, and they are driven by a deep collaboration at every step of our drug discovery process.
Our team is equal parts fearless and relentless, with a shared passion for working collaboratively in intellectually stimulating environments. If you’re excited by the challenge of putting protein motion at the heart of drug discovery and passionate about making a difference in the lives of patients, join us!",5.0,"Relay Therapeutics
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
434,Data Scientist 3 (844),$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Amyris has developed a high-throughput genetic engineering platform for designing and building custom microbes to serve as living factories. Using an industrial scale fermentation process, our microbes convert cheap sugars into a wide variety of high-value target molecules. Our end products directly impact millions of lives. We are pragmatic idealists seeking a profitable way to make the world a better place. We are convinced synthetic biology is here to stay and will have a major positive impact on our planet and everyday life.
Within Amyris R&D, we are searching for a highly energetic, curious, and self-motivated data scientist with a strong background in statistics, computing and biology to join our Data Science and Computing team. Research at Amyris is a highly multidisciplinary effort that needs brilliant contributions from life sciences and engineering disciplines in order to take projects from concept to market. From hacking directly on DNA in the lab to full scale factory production, every aspect of our work is facilitated and accelerated by quantitative science and software & hardware automation. The Data Science and Computing team works hand-in-hand with bench scientists and builds tools that enable genome engineering, protein engineering, metabolic modeling, omics experiment analysis, statistical design of experiments and machine learning models in pursuit of making better microbial strains or fermentation processes. In short, we help accelerate the design-build-test-analyze cycle in synthetic biology.
Key Responsibilities:
Iteratively develop computational algorithms, analyses, visualization tools and machine learning models to meet evolving scientific needs and to aid rapid data-driven decision making while working with a variety of data types including: genotype (NGS), phenotype (metabolomics, proteomics, GC/MS, spectroscopy, fermentation), material flow
Build version-controlled, computational workflows to analyze and model rich, high-throughput phenotype data
Interact closely with a cross-disciplinary teams of biology, analytical chemistry, and fermentation scientists to build data science products

Required Qualifications:
Degree in quantitative discipline such as computer science, mathematics, computational biology, electrical engineering, bioengineering or equivalent.
Ph.D. plus 1-3 years experience, or M.S. plus 3-6 years experience.
Experience in analyzing & visualizing large scientific datasets representing biological & chemical phenotypes
Intermediate (undergraduate level) understanding of biology topics including: genetics, cell physiology, biochemistry, evolution
Experience with programming best practices (unit testing, CI/CD, etc) and version control while contributing to or maintaining large codebases
Expertise with scripting programming languages (Python is preferred)
Hands-on experience with machine learning frameworks and concepts
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and intellectually rigorous environment
Creativity, independent thinking, and passion
Preferred Qualifications:
Background in mass spectrometry informatics, high throughput sequencing, spectrophotometry, or industrial fermentation
Experience in a microbiology or synthetic biology setting
#LI-DJ1

Amyris, a leader in industrial synthetic biology, uses its innovative bioscience solutions to achieve renewable products by converting plant sugars into hydrocarbon molecules. Amyris’ molecules are used in wide range of specialty & performance chemicals, flavors & fragrances and in applications ranging from cosmetics to biofuels. Learn more at www.amyris.com.

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), Amyris is required to inform California residents who are our job applicants (“Applicants”) about the personal information we collect about you when you apply to a job on this site.

As an Applicant, you have the right to know and understand the categories of personal information we collect about you, and the purposes for which the categories of personal information shall be used, pursuant to the CCPA.

By clicking the “APPLY FOR THIS JOB” button below and submitting your job application, you agree you have reviewed the complete Privacy Notice for Employees, Independent Contractors and Job Applicants.

If you have any questions regarding this information, please contact Amyris at privacy@amyris.com

As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, Amyris is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Amyris complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.

If you are a recruiter or placement agency, please do not submit resumes to any person or email address at Amyris, Inc. prior to having a signed agreement. Amyris is not liable for and will not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved recruitment partners. Furthermore, any resumes sent to us without an agreement in place will be considered your company’s gift to Amyris and may be forwarded to our recruiters for their attention.",3.6,"Amyris
3.6","Emeryville, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
435,Data Scientist active TS/SCI,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are currently seeking an innovative, experienced, and highly-skilled Data Scientist to join our growing Advanced Analytics team in Ft. Belvoir, VA. In this role, you will create and develop custom solutions for our users in a collaborative, fast-paced, state-of-the art environment. To be successful in this role, you will be thorough, creative, and exceptionally well-skilled in all phases of the development lifecycle, with a passion for continued learning and collaboration.
*This position is located in Ft. Belvoir, VA and requires an active TS/SCI clearance*

The Data Scientist will:
Demonstrate the ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions.
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Establish data science pipelines.
Develop, train, test, deploy, and sustain AI and machine learning models.
Leverage data patterns and other development methods to optimize code and reduce computational cost.
Develop front-end interfaces to facilitate usage of developed AI/ML solutions
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting.

Active TS/SCI clearance
Bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related business or quantitative discipline strongly preferred. Master's degree in these disciplines preferred.
Experience working with Scala, Python, Java
5-10+ years of related experience required
Advanced data science experience required
Significant experience with databases
Experience and familiarity with Agile-Scrum software development
Experience gathering and decomposing requirements
Proven record of solution development and deployment
Familiarity with web based application development
Experience with testing, use case, and user stories
Outstanding communication skills, written and verbal
Highly-organized and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Team-player mentality with a positive attitude
Keen attention to detail and solid analytical skills
Able to articulate complex, abstract concepts concisely and effectively
#LI-SH1

LMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer-all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.2,"LMI
4.2","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1961,Nonprofit Organization,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
436,Data Analyst,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the role:

Dodge Data & Analytics is searching for a Data Analyst who will responsible for the production, support, and maintenance of custom Dodge Research and Analytics products and services. The Analyst will work closely with the Dodge sales force and will serve as part of a team for the Analytics group customers in the support and use of their products.

What you'll do:
Work in a group of 4-6 analysts to provide regular data analysis and delivery of ongoing services to a set of clients.
Support clients by providing an understanding of our proprietary data and its application to their business and industry.
Work in a PC based environment using a variety of software and database packages to provide data analysis and production of numerous client-specific deliveries.
Work directly with specific customers as the key contact for certain information services.
Build strong relationships with the internal sales team to enhance existing services and to support new business opportunities.
Maintain quality standards in all client deliveries.
Develop a thorough knowledge of Dodge Analytics databases and products.
Work with the Analytics sales specialists in supporting our products with customers and supporting any efforts to maintain or enhance our current client relationships. This will eventually include some direct client contact by telephone and email.
What you'll bring:
Strong analytical and problem-solving ability, self-motivated team player, and capable of working in an independent atmosphere with minimal supervision.
Technical proficiency with database (Microsoft Access) and spreadsheet (Excel) applications beneficial.
Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills, including the ability to effectively interact with both customers and team members. The Data Analyst will be a direct point of contact for customers whose services are assigned to him/her.
Familiarity with basic business analysis.
BA/BS or more required
0-3 years of professional experience required.
Dodge Data & Analytics is committed to leveraging the talent of a diverse workforce to create great opportunities for our business and our people. EOE/AA. Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Veteran",2.6,"Dodge Data & Analytics
2.6","Bedford, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
437,Data Analyst,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Analyst to join our team based in Falls Church

Requirements:
Must have good interpersonal and communication skills both verbal and written.
Must have strong time management and organizational skills, attention to detail and ability to multitask.
Must have a good understanding of data structure and management.
Must be organized, self-motivated, and self-directed.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Desired Skills:
A fair understanding of SQL, Python and R is a plus.
Experience in developing Pivot Tables/Charts as well as complicated formula is desirable.
BI Dashboards
QLIK OR Tableau
Excel:
V lookup
Data Validation
Data Clean up
Education:
Must have a bachelors degree (in a similar discipline preferred) in any related field.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go tohttps://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
438,Data Science & Analytics Manager,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"If you ever wanted to be on the ground floor of a well-funded, rapidly growing Series C start-up that is disrupting a 5.7Tn market, now is the time to join Takeoff Technologies! We are a 250 person global company transforming online grocery for consumers & retailers. Takeoff's solution offers automated fullfillment coupled with an end-to-end e-Grocery technology stack, enabling retailers to offer their shoppers the assortment and low prices of stores, with convenient mobile ordering and same day pickup or delivery.

Our eGrocery solution was created with the grocer and the shopper in mind. Grocery is an incredibly complex industry, and our products are unlike any other: they are low value, perishable, heavy, and low-margin. Our automated solution is flexible enough to manage these complexities allowing us to ensure the correct picking method for the correct product!

Excited about potentially joining this rocketship to help us bridge the gap between retail and technology? Looking to make an impact daily and help us disrupt a hundred year old industry? If so, continue reading!

Data Science and Analytics Manager (Takeoff Technologies, Inc.; Waltham, Massachusetts): Takeoff provides automated fulfillment coupled with an end-to-end eGrocery solution. The Data Science and Analytics Manager is responsible for leading a team of data scientists, data engineers and data analysts to:
(a) Produce models that can be scaled by the software development teams which enable self-serve analytical capabilities. Will also unlock value from data using Data Science techniques including Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing to help guide the business – everything from tactical optimizations to broad level strategic direction that is grounded in data evidence and heavy analytical rigor.
(b) Design, build and own the big data infrastructure, data pipeline and analytics platform including Data Lake, Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence (BI) tools. Will also build stable, automated and scalable solutions to make data available, accessible and usable by all teams in the company in order to help drive the direction of products.

Specific responsibilities will include:
· Responsible for defining the team’s roadmap and executing against it in close collaboration with Engineering, Operation, and Product Managers. Own the full Data Science life-cycle from initial conception to prototyping, testing, deploying, scaling and measuring its overall business value.
· Define, build and develop high-performing teams of experienced data scientists and data analysts to deliver world-class products. Coach and continuously drive them to achieve higher level of excellence.
· Work and deliver end-to-end projects independently including ability to lead teams to quickly adapt to changing priorities and generate innovative solutions in an extremely fast-paced environment.
· Build and evolve models in a test and learn fashion within an Agile environment.
· Proactively drive the vision for Data Warehousing and BI across a product vertical and define and execute on a plan to achieve that vision. Responsible for Strategic Data Warehouse Initiative. Work closely with all business units to develop long term data platform architecture including plan, budget, and execution.
· Manage the teams that own the complete data pipeline, from data warehouse import all the way through to end-user BI tools. Work with the Integration team to ensure required data is staged via ETL (extract, transform, load) jobs in a way that makes it usable to influence business decisions.
· Be a thought leader on data systems, data mining and analysis to scale our capabilities, uncover trends, and develop insights.
· Ensure and continuously improve data integrity, data accuracy, and data quality.
· Get hands-on with large disparate datasets, hack through complex and messy data, and analyze it leveraging the latest algorithms and state-of-the-art techniques and tools. Translate vast amounts of data in raw formats (both structured and unstructured data) into digestible information for stakeholders to use for actionable strategies.
· Oversee the building and maintaining of reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor the performance of our products.
· Work with executives and stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions and help determine the strategic direction of the company. Size opportunities to ensure product teams are prioritizing the most impactful work.
· Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems. Increase adoption of data products across business partners, to drive real business value.
· Responsible for prototype solutions, mathematical models, algorithms, machine learning techniques, and robust analytics to provide insights and development of data products.
· Lead a team that applies state of the art Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing techniques to understand and transform how users interact with our core products.
· Oversee the algorithm development process, focusing on fast model iteration and testing to measure and evaluate success. Implement Machine Learning and Deep Learning models into production by collaborating with Product and Engineering teams.
· Develop standardized code and processes that can be easily used by the larger team.
· Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions.
· Research new technologies and methods across data science, data engineering, and data visualization to improve the technical capabilities of the team.
· Communicate research, findings and model results clearly and effectively to a wide audience of relevant partners, and build meaningful presentations and analyses that tell a story.
· Prepare client facing material including PowerPoint slides and charts, distilling analytical insights effectively into stories for clients.
Minimum Requirements: Master’s degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, or another highly quantitative or STEM field and 5 years of hands-on technical experience in a data science role with extensive experience in creating long-term data science strategy and executing through roadmap implementation.
Must also have: (I) 5 years of experience must include: a. 2 years of experience in building, leading, and managing a team of data scientists, data engineers and data analysts, b. 3 years of experience with Natural Language Processing techniques (including text wrangling, pre-processing, parsing, embedding, n-grams), and Machine Learning (including classifiers, clustering, time series, ANN, CNN, RNN, LSTM); (II) Demonstrated in depth experience: a. with Python and R and demonstrated comfort developing code in a team environment (including git, notebooks, and testing), b. with data modeling and data warehousing in SQL-based languages in a fast-paced business environment with large-scale and complex datasets, and c. with data visualization tools including Tableau, Spotfire, and Looker for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation; (III) Demonstrated familiarity with the ipython notebook, Numpy, Pandas, Sklearn and NLTK; (IV) Strong proficiency with at least one common Deep Learning framework including TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, or MXNet; (V) Excellent communication, social and presentation skills with meticulous attention to detail; (VI) Track record of initiating and managing cross-functional and cross-organizational projects, building relationships with stakeholders, and influencing decision makers; (VII) Track record applying an analytical, creative and innovative approach to solving difficult problems; (VIII) Demonstrated ability to thrive in a dynamic environment where there can be degrees of ambiguity; (IX) Strong track record of communicating and partnering with senior stakeholders to deliver scalable global solutions; (X) Demonstrated expertise in: a. demand forecast using Time Series models such as SARIMAX, ETS, TBATS, GRU, or LSTM, b. classification models using Machine Learning/Deep Learning on highly imbalanced datasets, c. Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning models for language understanding tasks such as Named Entity Recognition, Text Matching, or Topic Modeling; and d. Extract, transform, load (ETL), Data Assessment, Data Mapping and Transformation, Master Data Management; and (XI) Track record of recruiting talent in analytics, data science and data engineer.
Apply online at https://jobs.lever.co/takeoff. An EOE.
Some of the ways we are addressing Covid-19:

While Covid-19 has posed it’s fair share of challenges, we have tackled these head on, while continuing to ensure that the health and safety of our employees and clients remain top priorities. We certainly believe that building a successful company starts with the people, and while the chance to meet and collaborate face to face in an office setting is vital to our growth and company culture, the health and safety of the Takeoff team is the most important right now. To that end, we are embracing a “work remote first” company policy, however the expectation is that you are based in the Greater Boston / MA area to ensure time zones are aligned with the rest of the Takeoff team based on the east coast.

Whether it be a Cultural Brunch & Learn, a Rocketberry Mini-Series showcasing some of our teams dynamic and hidden talents, or a weekly “coffee chat” to catch up with your fellow colleagues, we are finding creative ways to stay connected and engaged with each other during these challenging times.

Lastly along with our robust and competitive benefits package that we offer(above), we are excited to roll out two new benefits; a “remote work allowance” as well as a “remote office setup reimbursement”. These benefits will be effective immediately upon hire date geared towards ensuring that our employees are continuously set up for success while working remotely!

Equal Opportunity Employer

Our culture revolves around our core values of respect, initiative, collaboration, adaptability and diversity. As people, we value hard work, but we balance it with socializing as a team, respecting our time outside of work, and appreciating our coworkers’ unique walks of life.

Takeoff is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Learn more at www.takeoff.com. We believe that diversity is critical to the growth of our company; we foster an environment where everyone has a voice and views the Takeoff team as their second family.",4.2,"Takeoff Technologies
4.2","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
439,Big Data Engineer,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"NO AGENCIES*
Big Data Lead Developer*
Our growing organization is seeking a skilled professional to serve as an internal resource for our specialized focus in the field of Big Data/Hadoop Development. We provide Fortune 500 clients throughout the United States with IT consultants in a wide-ranging technical sphere.

In order to fully maintain our incoming nationwide and international hires, we will be hiring a *Big Data Lead Developer* for our Atlanta, GA (US) headquarters to coach/mentor our incoming classes of consultants. If you have a strong passion for the various Big Data platforms and are looking to join a seasoned team of IT professionals, this could be an advantageous next step.

This is a full-time internal position that *requires relocation* to Atlanta. No travel required after relocation. The Big Data/Hadoop SME will take on the following responsibilities:
Interviewing potential consultants to ensure all onboarding employees will be successful in Big Data domains prior to each onboarding
The design, development and maintenance of our best-in-class Big Data/Hadoop development training materials
Training, guiding and mentoring junior to mid-level developers
Preparing mock interview situations to enhance the esteemed learning process provided by the company
Acting as a primary resource for individuals working on a variety of projects throughout the US
Interacting with our Executive and Sales team to ensure that projects and employees are appropriately matched
Prepping consultants for interviews for specific assignments involving development and implementation of Hadoop and other environments
The ideal candidate will not only possess a solid knowledge of Big Data infrastructures, but must also have a fluency in the following areas (allowing for fluid interactions with other team members scattered across the entry to senior level spectrum):
Hadoop development and implementation
Strong in Object Oriented Development in Scala/Java platform
Hands on experience in big data technologies including Scala or Spark, Hadoop, Hive, HDFS.
Strong SQL skills and experience
Designing, building, installing, configuring and supporting Big Data Clusters Spark/Kafka
Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detail design Implementing ETL process for integration of data from disparate sources
Cloud Experience is a plus
Skills Include:
5+ Years of professional experience in the IT Industry
Bachelor’s Degree in the Computer Science field
Good knowledge in back-end programming, specifically Java/Scala
Good knowledge of database structures, theories, principles and practices
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Proven understanding with Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Hive, and HBase
Good aptitude in multi-threading and concurrency concepts
Able to work in Atlanta, Georgia
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Big Data: 7 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.8,"Enhance IT
3.8","Charlotte, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
440,Staff BI and Data Engineer,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: Staff BI and Data Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA (or) New York, NY
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a hands-on and self-driven Staff BI and Data Engineer, preferably with experience in the bank card loyalty/fin-tech/advertising/marketing space, to enhance and automate its data and analytics infrastructure to support its growing customer base and expanding partner ecosystem. The position is based in San Jose, CA., and reports into the Data Engineering division. The demand for advanced analytical solutions continues to grow exponentially, and this is your opportunity to grow with us in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools such as SQL, Python, and Tableau to query and process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Develop high quality analytical data assets with an eye towards process efficiency and automation through scripting. Experience in building data marts is a plus.
Build automated QA process to validate the quality of the data and report on data quality
Communicate and present data to both internal and external customers by developing reports/dashboards/charts using BI tools such as Tableau
Work closely with a dynamic and growing team of account managers, data engineers and data scientists to perform quantitative analysis of customer data, including gathering data requirements and validate data, applying judgement and statistical analysis to assist with planning and decision making.
Other responsibilities include but not limited to - data validation, troubleshooting issues, and process documentation.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
At least 3 years of hands-on experience in designing and building data pipelines, analytical data applications and BI Reporting.
Proficient in SQL and Tableau, familiar with at least one coding language in Python/Shell scripting.
Experience in using Cloud based managed services and Big Data Environments for data warehousing/analytics is a big plus – e.g. Amazon RedShift, Google BigQuery, Spark, MapR etc.,
Very strong written and verbal communication skills; Ability to tell a story with the data
Analytical thinker, with an ability to evaluate multiple products/technologies to address various aspects of a big data platform.
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Strong organization skills with attention to detail is a must.
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box
Knowledge of Retail and Financial verticals is useful but not required.",3.0,"Affinity Solutions
3.0","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
441,Machine Learning Engineer - Infrastructure,$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"#TeamNextdoor


Nextdoor is the neighborhood hub for trusted connections and the exchange of helpful information, goods, and services.

Building connections in the real world is a universal human need. That truth, and the reality that neighborhoods are one of the most important and useful communities in our lives have been guiding principles for Nextdoor. Today, neighbors rely on Nextdoor in neighborhoods around the world in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Sweden, Denmark, Australia and Canada, with many more to come.

Meet your Future Neighbors


At Nextdoor, machine learning is starting to transform our product through personalization, driving major impact across different parts of our platform including our newsfeed, our notifications, our advertising, and our local ecosystem. Our machine learning team is lean but hungry to drive even more impact and make Nextdoor the neighborhood hub for local exchange. We are scrappy and believe that ML will be an integral part of making Nextdoor valuable to our members. We also believe that ML should be ethical and encourage healthy habits and interaction. We are looking for great engineers who believe in the power of local community to empower our members to make their communities great places to live.

The Impact You'll Make


You will be part of a scrappy and impactful team building a scalable ML platform in a rapidly changing company. In this role, you will focus on developing the underlying data processing infrastructure to support the ML platform in collecting data, labeling data, and using data to monitor model performance. You will also build infrastructure to train, serve, and monitor ML models. Finally, you will be responsible for building platform-wide model features that the entire company can utilize in building ML models. As a result, you will be laying the foundation for a critical part of Nextdoor's mission.

What You'll Bring to The House
B.S. in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, or a related field.
5+ years of industry/academic experience building ML infrastructure at scale.
Proven engineering skills. Experience writing and maintaining high-quality production code.
Proficient in Python
Bonus Points
Experience using AWS to build data-intensive infrastructure: ECS, Kinesis, S3, Kafka, Spark, Druid, Flink
Experience building platforms around publically available ML platforms like Sagemaker, Kubeflow, MLflow, etc.
Experience serving models using a variety of ML model frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Sci-kit Learn, etc.
At Nextdoor, we empower our employees to build stronger local communities. To create a platform where all feel welcome, we want our workforce to reflect the diversity of the customers we seek to serve. We encourage everyone interested in our purpose to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, or any other trait that unfairly targets a group of people. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we always consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.",4.7,"Nextdoor
4.7","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
442,Sr. Data Science Manager (Advanced Analytics),$54k-$98k (Glassdoor Est.),"Role Information

Job Title: Sr. Manager - Management Accounting (Data Scientist) (Advanced Analytics)
Department: Management Accounting
Business Unit: Administration
Reports To: Director - Business Intelligence & Advanced Analytics
Supervisory Role: Yes
FLSA Status: Exempt

Job Summary

The Sr. Manager - Management Accounting (Data Scientist) (Advanced Analytics) provides support to executive management and operational departments by developing complex data products that are integrated into business processes and generate added business value. The role will include partnering with internal stakeholders across the business locally and internationally. The individual optimizes business processes through modern machine learning techniques and supervises integrating the developed models into productive software.

Essential Functions
Develop and supervise complex data products that are integrated into business processes and generate added business value.
Ownership of full lifecycle development from analyzing current processes, providing functional specification, designing and developing solution, testing and providing on-going support once live
Through modern machine learning techniques, optimization of business processes using predictive and prescriptive methods.
Lead the transfer from current Excel-based analysis tools to advanced analytics products
Cross-analyze data from different sources in order to create new insights to the business to solve real-world business problem
Support the departments concerning questions of advanced analytics and development of own proposals to move the company forward
Responsible to research other potential software solutions
Integrate the developed models into productive software.
Upskill colleagues by creating a culture of experience exchange with the aim of improving understanding and efficiency of the department’s processes and products
Train and guide the work of other team members, quality checks on work and ensuring deadlines are met
Cultivate a culture of learning and knowledge extension in the department to better understand the “why” behind tasks and therefore increase efficiency
Perform all other duties as assigned
Required

Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities

Strong knowledge in big-data technologies
Strong knowledge of machine learning, optimization, and data mining methods (e.g. with Python, R)
Statistical knowledge, predictive modelling
Knowledge of applying time-series / regression analysis, clustering-methods, effectiveness testing (A-/B-hypotheses testing) to solve diverse business problems
Strong Ability to understand complex problems and scenarios, and analyzing them in detail
Ability to work to tight deadlines and to deliver accurate results
Excellent communication skills and ability to work well in a team
Self-motivated and proactive individual with a can-do attitude and the ability to work on projects and solve problems independently

Preferred Knowledge, Skills, Abilities

German language skills

Required Education, Certifications/ Licenses, Related Experience

Bachelor’s Degree in data science, mathematics/statistics, computer science, physics, or a related subject
5+ years of experience in related field in corresponding subjects or related fields

Physical Job Requirements

Ability to work a variety of shifts including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed
Ability to work in a fast-paced working environment, including the store(s), distribution center(s), warehouse(s), and/or corporate office(s) with the capability to switch job functions/roles quickly
Ability to remain in a stationary position (standing and/or seated) more than half the time
Ability to maneuver cases of product (lift, move, carry, slide, etc.) up to 30 lbs.
Ability to operate machinery and/or equipment that requires the constant use of hands/fingers/wrists
Ability to spend more than half the time viewing computer monitors
Ability to identify and distinguish between colors more than half the time

Travel Requirements

This position commutes between stores, regional offices and/or distribution centers less than 25% of the time
This position requires overnight domestic travel less than 25% of the time
This position requires overnight international travel less than 25% of the time
Anticipated travel will be by car, air, and/or train
Preferred

Lidl US, LLC & Affiliates provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to, including but not limited to, race, sex, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity or expression, national origin or ethnicity, age, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, disability, or veteran status, in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.",3.4,"Lidl US
3.4","Arlington, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Private,Grocery Stores & Supermarkets,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
443,Big Data Engineer,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"NO AGENCIES*
Big Data Lead Developer*
Our growing organization is seeking a skilled professional to serve as an internal resource for our specialized focus in the field of Big Data/Hadoop Development. We provide Fortune 500 clients throughout the United States with IT consultants in a wide-ranging technical sphere.

In order to fully maintain our incoming nationwide and international hires, we will be hiring a *Big Data Lead Developer* for our Atlanta, GA (US) headquarters to coach/mentor our incoming classes of consultants. If you have a strong passion for the various Big Data platforms and are looking to join a seasoned team of IT professionals, this could be an advantageous next step.

This is a full-time internal position that *requires relocation* to Atlanta. No travel required after relocation. The Big Data/Hadoop SME will take on the following responsibilities:
Interviewing potential consultants to ensure all onboarding employees will be successful in Big Data domains prior to each onboarding
The design, development and maintenance of our best-in-class Big Data/Hadoop development training materials
Training, guiding and mentoring junior to mid-level developers
Preparing mock interview situations to enhance the esteemed learning process provided by the company
Acting as a primary resource for individuals working on a variety of projects throughout the US
Interacting with our Executive and Sales team to ensure that projects and employees are appropriately matched
Prepping consultants for interviews for specific assignments involving development and implementation of Hadoop and other environments
The ideal candidate will not only possess a solid knowledge of Big Data infrastructures, but must also have a fluency in the following areas (allowing for fluid interactions with other team members scattered across the entry to senior level spectrum):
Hadoop development and implementation
Strong in Object Oriented Development in Scala/Java platform
Hands on experience in big data technologies including Scala or Spark, Hadoop, Hive, HDFS.
Strong SQL skills and experience
Designing, building, installing, configuring and supporting Big Data Clusters Spark/Kafka
Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detail design Implementing ETL process for integration of data from disparate sources
Cloud Experience is a plus
Skills Include:
5+ Years of professional experience in the IT Industry
Bachelor’s Degree in the Computer Science field
Good knowledge in back-end programming, specifically Java/Scala
Good knowledge of database structures, theories, principles and practices
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Proven understanding with Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Hive, and HBase
Good aptitude in multi-threading and concurrency concepts
Able to work in Atlanta, Georgia
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Big Data: 7 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.8,"Enhance IT
3.8","Charlotte, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
444,Staff BI and Data Engineer,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: Staff BI and Data Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA (or) New York, NY
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a hands-on and self-driven Staff BI and Data Engineer, preferably with experience in the bank card loyalty/fin-tech/advertising/marketing space, to enhance and automate its data and analytics infrastructure to support its growing customer base and expanding partner ecosystem. The position is based in San Jose, CA., and reports into the Data Engineering division. The demand for advanced analytical solutions continues to grow exponentially, and this is your opportunity to grow with us in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools such as SQL, Python, and Tableau to query and process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Develop high quality analytical data assets with an eye towards process efficiency and automation through scripting. Experience in building data marts is a plus.
Build automated QA process to validate the quality of the data and report on data quality
Communicate and present data to both internal and external customers by developing reports/dashboards/charts using BI tools such as Tableau
Work closely with a dynamic and growing team of account managers, data engineers and data scientists to perform quantitative analysis of customer data, including gathering data requirements and validate data, applying judgement and statistical analysis to assist with planning and decision making.
Other responsibilities include but not limited to - data validation, troubleshooting issues, and process documentation.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
At least 3 years of hands-on experience in designing and building data pipelines, analytical data applications and BI Reporting.
Proficient in SQL and Tableau, familiar with at least one coding language in Python/Shell scripting.
Experience in using Cloud based managed services and Big Data Environments for data warehousing/analytics is a big plus – e.g. Amazon RedShift, Google BigQuery, Spark, MapR etc.,
Very strong written and verbal communication skills; Ability to tell a story with the data
Analytical thinker, with an ability to evaluate multiple products/technologies to address various aspects of a big data platform.
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Strong organization skills with attention to detail is a must.
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box
Knowledge of Retail and Financial verticals is useful but not required.",3.0,"Affinity Solutions
3.0","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
445,Sr. Data Science Manager (Advanced Analytics),$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Role Information

Job Title: Sr. Manager - Management Accounting (Data Scientist) (Advanced Analytics)
Department: Management Accounting
Business Unit: Administration
Reports To: Director - Business Intelligence & Advanced Analytics
Supervisory Role: Yes
FLSA Status: Exempt

Job Summary

The Sr. Manager - Management Accounting (Data Scientist) (Advanced Analytics) provides support to executive management and operational departments by developing complex data products that are integrated into business processes and generate added business value. The role will include partnering with internal stakeholders across the business locally and internationally. The individual optimizes business processes through modern machine learning techniques and supervises integrating the developed models into productive software.

Essential Functions
Develop and supervise complex data products that are integrated into business processes and generate added business value.
Ownership of full lifecycle development from analyzing current processes, providing functional specification, designing and developing solution, testing and providing on-going support once live
Through modern machine learning techniques, optimization of business processes using predictive and prescriptive methods.
Lead the transfer from current Excel-based analysis tools to advanced analytics products
Cross-analyze data from different sources in order to create new insights to the business to solve real-world business problem
Support the departments concerning questions of advanced analytics and development of own proposals to move the company forward
Responsible to research other potential software solutions
Integrate the developed models into productive software.
Upskill colleagues by creating a culture of experience exchange with the aim of improving understanding and efficiency of the department’s processes and products
Train and guide the work of other team members, quality checks on work and ensuring deadlines are met
Cultivate a culture of learning and knowledge extension in the department to better understand the “why” behind tasks and therefore increase efficiency
Perform all other duties as assigned
Required

Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities

Strong knowledge in big-data technologies
Strong knowledge of machine learning, optimization, and data mining methods (e.g. with Python, R)
Statistical knowledge, predictive modelling
Knowledge of applying time-series / regression analysis, clustering-methods, effectiveness testing (A-/B-hypotheses testing) to solve diverse business problems
Strong Ability to understand complex problems and scenarios, and analyzing them in detail
Ability to work to tight deadlines and to deliver accurate results
Excellent communication skills and ability to work well in a team
Self-motivated and proactive individual with a can-do attitude and the ability to work on projects and solve problems independently

Preferred Knowledge, Skills, Abilities

German language skills

Required Education, Certifications/ Licenses, Related Experience

Bachelor’s Degree in data science, mathematics/statistics, computer science, physics, or a related subject
5+ years of experience in related field in corresponding subjects or related fields

Physical Job Requirements

Ability to work a variety of shifts including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed
Ability to work in a fast-paced working environment, including the store(s), distribution center(s), warehouse(s), and/or corporate office(s) with the capability to switch job functions/roles quickly
Ability to remain in a stationary position (standing and/or seated) more than half the time
Ability to maneuver cases of product (lift, move, carry, slide, etc.) up to 30 lbs.
Ability to operate machinery and/or equipment that requires the constant use of hands/fingers/wrists
Ability to spend more than half the time viewing computer monitors
Ability to identify and distinguish between colors more than half the time

Travel Requirements

This position commutes between stores, regional offices and/or distribution centers less than 25% of the time
This position requires overnight domestic travel less than 25% of the time
This position requires overnight international travel less than 25% of the time
Anticipated travel will be by car, air, and/or train
Preferred

Lidl US, LLC & Affiliates provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to, including but not limited to, race, sex, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity or expression, national origin or ethnicity, age, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, disability, or veteran status, in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.",3.4,"Lidl US
3.4","Arlington, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Private,Grocery Stores & Supermarkets,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
446,Machine Learning Engineer - Infrastructure,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"#TeamNextdoor


Nextdoor is the neighborhood hub for trusted connections and the exchange of helpful information, goods, and services.

Building connections in the real world is a universal human need. That truth, and the reality that neighborhoods are one of the most important and useful communities in our lives have been guiding principles for Nextdoor. Today, neighbors rely on Nextdoor in neighborhoods around the world in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Sweden, Denmark, Australia and Canada, with many more to come.

Meet your Future Neighbors


At Nextdoor, machine learning is starting to transform our product through personalization, driving major impact across different parts of our platform including our newsfeed, our notifications, our advertising, and our local ecosystem. Our machine learning team is lean but hungry to drive even more impact and make Nextdoor the neighborhood hub for local exchange. We are scrappy and believe that ML will be an integral part of making Nextdoor valuable to our members. We also believe that ML should be ethical and encourage healthy habits and interaction. We are looking for great engineers who believe in the power of local community to empower our members to make their communities great places to live.

The Impact You'll Make


You will be part of a scrappy and impactful team building a scalable ML platform in a rapidly changing company. In this role, you will focus on developing the underlying data processing infrastructure to support the ML platform in collecting data, labeling data, and using data to monitor model performance. You will also build infrastructure to train, serve, and monitor ML models. Finally, you will be responsible for building platform-wide model features that the entire company can utilize in building ML models. As a result, you will be laying the foundation for a critical part of Nextdoor's mission.

What You'll Bring to The House
B.S. in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, or a related field.
5+ years of industry/academic experience building ML infrastructure at scale.
Proven engineering skills. Experience writing and maintaining high-quality production code.
Proficient in Python
Bonus Points
Experience using AWS to build data-intensive infrastructure: ECS, Kinesis, S3, Kafka, Spark, Druid, Flink
Experience building platforms around publically available ML platforms like Sagemaker, Kubeflow, MLflow, etc.
Experience serving models using a variety of ML model frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Sci-kit Learn, etc.
At Nextdoor, we empower our employees to build stronger local communities. To create a platform where all feel welcome, we want our workforce to reflect the diversity of the customers we seek to serve. We encourage everyone interested in our purpose to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, or any other trait that unfairly targets a group of people. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we always consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.",4.7,"Nextdoor
4.7","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
447,QC Scientist III FM BSD,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"QC Scientist III FM BSD

The Swiss based Bachem Group is a public, innovation-driven company specializing in the development and manufacturing of pepTides and oligonucleoTides. As a full service provider Bachem offers products for clinical development and commercial applications as well as a comprehensive catalog and exclusive custom synthesis. With 50 years of experience and subsidiaries in Switzerland, the United States, the United Kingdom and Japan, Bachem is the partner of choice for the biotech and pharma industry worldwide.
Bachem. Leading Partner in Tides

In order to continue our organic growth, we are constantly looking for talent.

Your Responsibilities

The Quality Control Scientist III function is to perform laboratory day-today operations, guide and

i interact with QC and department personnel to accomplish goals and objectives as directed by the

Director of Quality Control. Other duties include performing in-process testing, GC method validation,

raw material testing, and final product testing, QC documentation and related GMP activities.

Your Tasks
Maintain and perform daily operations of the QC department on a daily basis in coordination with the QC Director to include testing of in-process, raw material/peptide samples and prioritizing projects
Implement and maintain GMP procedures such as following SOP’s, Standard Testing Procedures (STP’s), written procedure and maintaining proper documentation as necessary for Quality Control
Maintain a cGMP quality level of work for the QC operations to include training, documentation and procedural work
Test and release in-process, and raw materials used in the manufacturing facility for GMP. Performing analytical testing and reviewing data for completeness and accuracy. Support method validation activities for in-process samples.
Receive, test and release final product peptide manufactured at Bachem
Write/revise specifications as necessary, performing analytical testing and reviewing data for completeness and accuracy
Write standard operating procedures, standard test procedures and other related GMP documentation
Perform QC analysis to include: GC, HPLC, Water, Mass Spec, UV, melting point, Optical Rotation, TLC and misc. wet chemistry lab work and other related
analytical equipment used for control quality of the GMP facility. This work may include calibration and validation of these methods
Control raw material used in the manufacturing facility for GMP to include receiving, quarantine, testing and QC release
Investigate any deviation or out of specification as necessary related to QC work performed as instructed by supervisor
Execute validations as necessary to include QC Analytical methods performed, other validations to support the quality of the manufacturing facility
Follow safety guidelines for handling, disposal and use for a peptide manufacturing company using toxic and/or large volumes of chemicals
Support validation, and stability testing activities as needed, documentation and quality GMP procedures


Your Profile
BS Degree in Chemistry or related field
Minimum of 8 years’ experience in the GMP industry
Experience with the use of analytical techniques/ instruments, such as, Gas Chromatography (GC), High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC), Karl Fischer (KF), etc.
May work with hazardous materials and chemicals
Ability to train others in analytical methodology
Ability to take the technical lead working with other scientists
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Basic computer knowledge, including Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Ability to effectively organize, multitask, and work in a fast-paced, deadline driven work environment
Ability to communicate in a proactive and solution-focused manner, including keeping management aware of potential issues
Detail oriented with the ability to troubleshoot and resolve problems
Ability to work independently and manage one’s time
Communicate effectively and ability to function well in a team environment
May involve second shift testing activities
Flexibility of working hours based on business needs, may include some nights and occasional weekends
Preferred:
Experience with Peptides
Master’s degree in Chemistry or related field
Experience with use of Master Control


We Offer

You will be part of a motivated team overseeing the entire development cycle of respective APIs. If you are

looking for a new challenge and want to join a motivated team in an internationally renowned company,

you should seize this opportunity.

Nearest Major Market: San Diego",3.0,"Bachem
3.0","Vista, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
448,Junior Data Analyst,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Link Logistics Real Estate (“Link”) is an industrial real estate operating platform owned by The Blackstone Group Inc. Link currently manages a national portfolio of high-quality, well-located industrial assets totaling over 400 million square feet throughout the U.S.
The Junior Data Analyst is responsible to maintain various data points and attributes within the Link environment. Additionally, the Junior Data Analyst will update and maintain tenant portal contacts within Yardi and ensure data quality and consistency.

Gather tenant contacts and enter them into Yardi.
Receive requests for tenant portal access and create accounts and invitations.
Maintain consistency of all data points within the environment.
Maintenance of data points and attributes within Yardi including but not limited to contact associations, property attributes, tenant attributes, and employee contact associations.

Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience
Previous Real Estate experience preferred
Excellent communication skills required
Ability to multitask and meet deadlines
Advanced Excel knowledge required
SQL experience a plus
EEO Statement
Our company is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our employment decisions are based on individual qualifications, job requirements and business needs without regard to race, color, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, religion, disability, citizenship status, national origin, pregnancy, veteran status and or any other legally protected characteristics. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations, if you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please email employment@liprop.com
#LI-MB1",3.4,"Revantage Corporate Services
3.4","Fort Washington, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
449,Fraud Management Data Analyst,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:

The Fraud Management Data Analyst is responsible for researching and generating accurate data to assist in evaluating current fraud processes as well as identifying opportunities to improve processes and procedures with the changes with fraud trends. The Fraud Management Data Analyst will remain educated on the processes involved with processing disputes and inputting cases. They will be responsible for the collection of fraud data to include losses, recoveries, and employee / member related case information. They will act as a resource for the Fraud Management team members to assist with processing fraud requests either through Verafin, Centrix, and other programs pertinent to Fraud Management.

The Fraud Management Department is responsible for identifying and reacting to portfolio risk from an integrated, company-wide perspective which considers risks across business units--formulating effective fraud and loss management programs, policies, and procedures. The department’s main function is to minimize active account loss and maximize the recovery of losses caused by fraud and employee errors. The department works with members to resolve issues, complete reports, and perform analysis to facilitate management’s assessment of risk, fraud, and loss. The department also provides oversight of BSA / Patriot Act compliance and Privacy policy through monitoring of transaction reports, CTR and SAR filings.

Additionally, the department is responsible for identifying and mitigating ATM / Debit card fraud through use of behavioral analytics software and transaction analysis. The team monitors emerging fraud trends within the industry and provides case analysis and loss trends, identifies points of compromise, and ultimately makes recommendations to Senior Management related to the Ent ATM / Debit card program to prevent continued fraud. The staff orders new cards, closes or blocks compromised cards, and processes disputes and charge backs through the VISA network.

Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Systems Administration / Subject matter expert:
Generate reports to monitor Online Account Opening.
Monitor Bill pay Fraud Alerts.
Analyze Fraud data.
Back up Fraud Functions:
Review and investigate FICO Alerts and notifications and Visa after hours.
Review and investigate all CAMS and Falcon Fraud cases (neural network) alert messages.
Review and balance department general Ledger.
Reviews and forwards Shared Branch alerts to Card Services, Fraud Management, and Shared Branch centers.
Back up other areas of Fraud Management department as needed.
Other duties as required

Minimum formal education required for this position:

Knowledge consistent with an Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Criminal Justice, or related field of study.

Each year of relevant work experience may be exchanged for a year in a relevant degree program or vice versa. For example, a requirement of“Knowledge Consistent with a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting and 2+ years’ of accounting experience” could be substituted for a High School Diploma and 6 years of relevant accounting work experience or a Master’s Degree in Accounting and 0 years of work experience.

Minimum work experience:

2+ years’ combined experience with fraud management, auditing, performing fraud investigations or related experience.

Technical or specialized knowledge/skills:
Proven ability to analyze card member transaction database for known merchant / ATM activity and determine course of action to mitigate further fraud.
Proven ability to use reasoning skills to create rules in third party analytical applications as a response to specific fraudulent transactions trends.
Able to translate data analysis into actionable recommendations.
Excellent knowledge of depository processes and procedures.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving ability and consistent, logical, and effective decision-making based on fact.
Strong product knowledge (ATM, Debit, Checking& Savings).
Excellent interpersonal communication skills to include professional verbal and written communications that may be used in determining if a case is able to be charged back or not.
Strong time management and organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple and diverse on-going projects.
Ability to work with various personalities types to differentiate between victim(s) and suspect(s).
Ability to work with all levels of the organization and match communication styles to the audience being presented to.
Ability to develop and cultivate as a liaison with other financial institutions and law enforcement.
Able to be approachable by the team and lead by example.
Proficient with the Microsoft Office Suite of products (Word/Excel/Outlook).
Certifications required:

None required

Environmental, physical and psychological requirements:

Must be able to sit or stand for prolonged periods of time in a climate controlled environment. Must be able to use fingers, hands, wrists for repetitive tasks such as typing, using a mouse, handling paper, currency, or coin, and operating a telephone. Demands for visual and auditory acuity are typical of an office environment. Must be able to interact via email, telephone, or in person with diplomacy, tact, and courtesy with all members under varying circumstances. Must be able to lift up to 40 lbs.

Starting salary for this position is $57,512.00",3.6,"Ent Credit Union
3.6","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1957,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
450,Machine Learning Engineer,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Sisu, we're building a software platform that empowers people to make better decisions using data. Based on years of cutting-edge research at Stanford, Sisu enables users to quickly and comprehensively understand what’s driving their key metrics, so they never miss a window of opportunity to act.

Sisu leverages the massive amounts of data available within private, first-party data warehouses, which capture a real-time, structured view of organizational behavior. By monitoring the performance of key metrics like revenue, retention, and churn, and their relationships to interactions between key factors like user demographics, campaigns, and acquisition channels, we can help users make better decisions. The key problem Sisu solves is to help identify what’s driving change among this enormous feature and hypothesis space. To do so, we combine statistical analysis and machine learning at scale to provide users personalized, real-time diagnoses of changes in their metrics via an explainable, interpretable user interface.

As a machine learning engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to shape the future of machine learning on massive, structured data. Much like public search engines rely on sophisticated models for ranking and relevance over unstructured text, machine learning is integral to Sisu’s value proposition of ranking and highlighting key drivers behind metrics derived from structured data. These results inform our users on how to take action as their businesses are changing.

You will be responsible for investigating and developing state-of-the-art algorithms in Sisu’s large-scale streaming structured data context. ML engineers at Sisu deliver their features end-to-end, from Jupyter notebook prototypes to production in Rust.
Responsibilities
Deliver state-of-the-art, scalable algorithms to production for forecasting time series, personalized ranking, robust statistical analysis of key customer business metrics
Build and maintain the infrastructure for data and model management
Work closely with the Sisu design and engineering teams for ML-adjacent components, such as viz and data processing
Give talks, write blog posts, and produce peer-reviewed publications
Preferred Qualifications
Either 4+ years of professional experience with ML or quantitative analysis, or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or Physics
Proficiency with Python and experience with data processing tools (e.g., scipy, numpy, pandas, Pytorch, and Spark)
Competency with forecasting deadlines, modular design, testing, code review, and working with new codebases
Strong technical communication skills
Please note that this is a full-time, non-remote role based in San Francisco.

Sisu is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.",4.0,"Sisu Data
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
451,"Data Scientist, Senior",$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking a Data Scientist (Senior)) in the role of the Maritime Safety Office.This position is to provide both digital and hardcopy maritime products, services, and data to support worldwide Safety of Navigation. Without accurate and up-to-date nautical products, military platforms are at increased risk when they conduct operations, transport personnel and deliver material. The U.S. Navy has made it clear to NGA that it will continue to require both digital and hard copy maritime products for the foreseeable future. Services procured under this contract will primarily support the production and maintenance of Maritime GEOINT at NCE facilities.

Responsibilities include:
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and triplestore/graph
databases
Experience createing and managing ETL processes using Ni-Fi or similar software using both
structured and unstructured data
AWS experience, particularly with EC2, S3, Cloudwatch, RDS
Experience with data visualization tools
Experience with or working knowledge of ElasticSearch or similar
Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner
Conduct undirected research and frame open-ended industry / customer questions
Recommend cost-effective changes to existing procedures and strategies
Create / maintain tools to extract features from a variety of sources including raster to vector,
vector to vector, text to vector, and text to database.
Write / maintain Python Scripts in ARCGIS to improve efficiency of the production process.
Support Business Processing Re-Engineering
Perform Data Conversion/migration
Perform Business Analytics
Work with the Government on new production capabilities / services
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and RDF
(triplestore/graph) databases
Linux experience
Basic Qualifications:
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and triplestore/graph databases
Experience createing and managing ETL processes using Ni-Fi or similar software using both structured and
unstructured data
AWS experience, particularly with EC2, S3, Cloudwatch, RDS
Experience with data visualization tools
Experience with or working knowledge of ElasticSearch or similar
Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner
Desired Skills:
Experience with combining digital cartography, computer technology, GIS, cartographic and geospatial
production techniques, remote sensing, photogrammetry, and digital data formats.
Ability to clean / prune data to discard irrelevant information
Ability to examine data from a variety of angles to determine hidden value, weaknesses, trends, and / or
opportunities
Advanced knowledge of ESRI ArcGIS and ArcServer.

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality, and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
452,Sr Program Manager (Computational Data & Complex Systems),$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr. Program Manager, University of Chicago Biological Sciences Division*
Responsibilities: *The job manages academic, research, clinical or administrative programs.
Uses in-depth knowledge and experience to administer the delivery of services to program participants and/or beneficiaries such as communicating with programs sponsors and academic advising for undergraduate students.
Develops and communicates program priorities and performance standards and assesses operations using these criteria. Plans and conducts quality assurance reviews and recommends changes as appropriate.
Manages program budgets and recommends or makes budgetary recommendations.
Has a deep understanding when interacting with faculty, researchers and staff for committee work or information.
Performs other related work as needed.
Education, Experience, and Certifications: *
Minimum requirements include a college or university degree in related field.
Minimum requirements include knowledge and skills developed through 5-7 years of work experience in a related job discipline.
Preferred Qualifications: *
MBA or PhD in biology, bioinformatics, computer science, or a related STEM discipline.
Experience: *
4+ years of increasingly advanced experience on complex multi-institutional programs.
3 + years of client relations experience, preferably for open source products and/or large biomedical, translational data science platforms.
Experience with open-source product management.
Experience managing federally funded projects/programs.
Experience leading software development programs, projects and/or products.
Knowledge of Biomedical IT programs and cloud computing research platforms and products.
Proven experience working with key leadership, stakeholders and collaborators to successfully influence and coordinate programs and products objectives.
About the Unit: *
The Center for Translational Data Science at the University of Chicago is a research center pioneering the discipline of translational data science to advance biology, medicine, and environmental research. We architect ecosystems of large-scale commons of research data, computing resources, applications, tools, and services for the broader research community to use data at scale to pursue scientific inquiry and accelerate discovery. These growing data commons offer petabytes of rich research data to scientists across the world. This at-will position is wholly or partially funded by contractual grant funding which is renewed under provisions set by the grantor of the contract. Employment will be contingent upon the continued receipt of these grant funds and satisfactory job performance.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
https://biologicalsciences.uchicago.edu/
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/UCBSD/",-1,The University of Chicago Biological Sciences Division,"Chicago, IL",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
453,Data QA Engineer,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: Data QA Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA
Department: Quality Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Software Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a self-motivated mid-level Data QA Engineer to lead the testing framework design, development, automation for our big data infrastructure leveraging latest technologies such as Hadoop and Spark, both on-premise and in the cloud. This position requires experience in testing and automation of data pipelines, data services, data warehouses, business intelligence and machine learning platforms, especially around unified consumer transactional, demographic and behavioral data.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools/technologies such as SQL/NoSQL, Python, and Tableau to validate products, data pipelines and data deliverables. If you have experience in automation, quality engineering of data centric applications/systems, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Design and implement Test Automation frameworks using Python, node.js, SQL, javascript and React JS.
Develop test strategies, plans, test cases and engineering best practices related to software test engineering, both manual and automated testing with a specific focus on data quality
Work closely with data engineers, data scientists and analysts to inform solution designs in terms of testability.
Building and automating testing frameworks around data ingestion pipelines for master data management, deep-learning, and predictive analytics
Build and maintain testing frameworks for big data environments that are highly secure, scalable, flexible, and performant using appropriate SQL technologies.
Lead data governance and data profiling efforts to ensure data quality and proper meta data documentation for data lineage.
Creating quality metrics to evaluate data pipelines, products and customer deliverables.
Collaborate with diverse technical and non-technical teams located across multiple time-zones on client deliverables and technical support
Participate-in and contribute to design and code reviews
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on data analytics.
3+ years of experience in data integration / data engineering
3+ years of experience in data modeling and architecture
3+ years of experience in QA automation
Experience in working with large scale Enterprise data warehouse, data integration, data migration and data quality verification
Hands-on testing experience in working Hadoop, Spark and other Big data technologies is highly preferred
Knowledge of data pipelines using SQL, Hive, Spark, Spark ML
Excellent analytics, problem-solving and debugging skills",3.0,"Affinity Solutions
3.0","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
454,Data Science All Star Program - Data Engineer Track,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Science All Star Program - Data Engineer Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Data Engineer Track

Job
ID

27260177

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

Dynamic, Fast-growing, Entrepreneurial Data Science Solutions Company seeking data Engineers! If you’ve got entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by results, and want to be a part of significant growth, we’re looking for you!

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

If you are ready to ignite the fire for digital marketing and join our team, please keep reading!

*************************************************************************************

Our Data Science All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals. They will work alongside our Data Scientists to get data into proper shape, perform statistical analyses and develop predictive models to solve our clients’ business problems.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-Star focused on Data Engineering will:
Work with business leaders to solve clients’ business challenges and improve clients’ business results using advanced analytics techniques. We contribute our Advanced Data Science subject matter expertise to the recommendations and solutions delivered to our clients.
Spend most of their time on getting data into proper shape, performing statistical analyses, developing predictive models and machine learning algorithms to solve clients’ business problems. We evaluate different sources of data, discover patterns hidden within raw data, create insightful variables, and develop competing models with different machine learning algorithms. We validate and cross validate our recommendations to make sure our recommendations will perform well over time.
Partner with client technical resources as well as BLEND360 team members, providing guidance and solutions for data architectures, data conversions, ETL and implementation of models in a production environment. The ideal candidate has retail experience and can provide technical expertise working with cloud based platforms as well as traditional data warehouse environments.
Main Responsibilities
Work with practice leaders and clients to understand how to make data accessible and usable throughout the organization.
Defines data environment design for the reporting and modeling/machine learning use cases that is consistent, maintainable and flexible.
Works with client and BLEND360 teams to identify use cases and functional requirements that drive the reporting and modeling data solutions.
Designs the database structure including tables, views, synonyms, sequences, triggers, procedures, functions, indexes and materialized views as relevant.
Provides the framework for integrating source systems with the reporting and modeling data environments – develops the ERD and data dictionaries
Implements business rules via stored procedures, middleware, or other technologies.
Develops strategies for flexibility and scalability, and defines the future technical architecture direction for the business intelligence reporting and analytical environments.
Problem solve with practice leaders to understand how to build the data pipelines that can support the business, formulate different approaches, outline pros and cons for each approach.
Work with practice leaders to get client feedback, get alignment on approaches, deliverables, and overall timeline
Document data flow, infrastructure and processes.
Turn models and machine learning algorithms into implementable production code
The Details:
Location: Columbia, MD
Duration:Full-time
Travel Requirements:Up to 25% (could be as much as (30% - 40% depending on projects)
Benefits:Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on!
Qualifications:

o MS or PhD degree in Operation Research, Advanced Analytics, Computer Sciences, Engineering

o 1+ years’ professional experience in Data Engineering practices, such as:
data warehousing, optimization, and productionalization with examples of increased responsibility and evolving technologies.
developing code and/or applications using software such as Pyspark, Python, SQL, Scala, Java, etc.
deploying machine learning and data science pipelines into production using model management solutions and leveraging CICD solutions (e.g., Jenkins) for automation
configuring cloud platforms and configuring elastic compute environments in a cloud platform
Familiarity with and understanding of modern machine learning approaches, algorithms, libraries, and processes for feature selection / engineering
Experience building containerized applications and deploying those applications using solutions like Kubernetes
Experience with structured or un-structured data processing tools (SQL, Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Hive, Pig, etc)
Comfortable with cloud-based platforms (AWS, Azure, Databricks, Google)",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
455,"Research Scientist, Simulations",$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description
The Simulations Research Scientist leads analysis and support for scientific studies using UNOS Simulation models. They will lead the maintenance, development, and deployment of the simulation models to support the execution and deployment of external facing web-applications, research reports, and consulting arrangements..
Key Responsibilities:
Designs and conducts research in the field of organ transplantation using modern simulation techniques.Serve as primary interface with clients that are using UNOS Simulation Models. Also serve as the primary interface with UNOS’ technical partner, ODU/VMASC, with the continued development of simulation models.Directs the work of research analysts in support of scientific studies involving simulation modeling Mentors the Research Analysts in leading and managing highly complex transplantation-related projects for all endeavors using UNOS Simulation Models Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.Lead project teams and monitor project costs.Plan/direct the preparation of proposals of significant technical complexity, contract value or strategic importance.Direct and oversee information gathering; review technical data and information summaries.Collaborate with other researchers and transplantation professionals on presentations and publications.Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements
PhD with 5 years of simulation related research experience (to include Graduate Assistant work) required. Also will consider a Master’s degree with 6+ years of professional work experience.
Critical Skills
Basic competence in R, SQL, and SAS programming is preferred. Further object oriented programming (JAVA, C++) preferred.Foundational knowledge of modeling paradigms and complexity theoryExperience with Agent-Based modeling Working knowledge of social science modelingStrong research skillsAbility to work ieffectively in a team environment Must have excellent oral and written communication skills.Must be self-motivated and able to work independently and within teams.Design and development of simulation models from subject matter expert specifications Qualitative or quantitative data collection and analysisMust have demonstrated ability to do independent research.
Additional Skills and Qualifications
2 years of experience in healthcare research is preferred.Experience in developing and leading research/analytical studies is preferred.
Education
Advanced degree in engineering (systems, computer, electrical or related fields), simulation and modeling, computer science, statistics or mathematics. PhD is highly desired
Physical Requirements
· General office demands
· Some overnight travel
.wm-ab-launcher-spinner { height: 100%; left: 0; position: absolute; top: 0; width: 100%; } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner::before { animation: wm-ab-spin 1.5s linear infinite; border: 2px solid #f3f3f3; border-radius: 50%; border-top: 2px solid transparent; content: ''; height: 18px; left: calc(50% - 9px); position: absolute; top: calc(50% - 9px); width: 18px; } @keyframes wm-ab-spin { 0% { transform: rotate(0deg); } 100% { transform: rotate(360deg); } } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner { height: 100%; left: 0; position: absolute; top: 0; width: 100%; } .wm-ab-launcher-spinner::before { animation: wm-ab-spin 1.5s linear infinite; border: 2px solid #f3f3f3; border-radius: 50%; border-top: 2px solid transparent; content: ''; height: 18px; left: calc(50% - 9px); position: absolute; top: calc(50% - 9px); width: 18px; } @keyframes wm-ab-spin { 0% { transform: rotate(0deg); } 100% { transform: rotate(360deg); } }
About the Position
Position Description
The Simulations Research Scientist leads analysis and support for scientific studies using UNOS Simulation models. They will lead the maintenance, development, and deployment of the simulation models to support the execution and deployment of external facing web-applications, research reports, and consulting arrangements..
Key Responsibilities:
Designs and conducts research in the field of organ transplantation using modern simulation techniques.
Serve as primary interface with clients that are using UNOS Simulation Models. Also serve as the primary interface with UNOS’ technical partner, ODU/VMASC, with the continued development of simulation models.
Directs the work of research analysts in support of scientific studies involving simulation modeling
Mentors the Research Analysts in leading and managing highly complex transplantation-related projects for all endeavors using UNOS Simulation Models
Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.
Research highly complex health issues and review published literature for opportunities for new advances in transplantation knowledge.
Lead project teams and monitor project costs.
Plan/direct the preparation of proposals of significant technical complexity, contract value or strategic importance.
Direct and oversee information gathering; review technical data and information summaries.
Collaborate with other researchers and transplantation professionals on presentations and publications.
Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements
PhD with 5 years of simulation related research experience (to include Graduate Assistant work) required. Also will consider a Master’s degree with 6+ years of professional work experience.
Critical Skills
Basic competence in R, SQL, and SAS programming is preferred. Further object oriented programming (JAVA, C++) preferred.
Foundational knowledge of modeling paradigms and complexity theory
Experience with Agent-Based modeling
Working knowledge of social science modeling
Strong research skills
Ability to work ieffectively in a team environment
Must have excellent oral and written communication skills.
Must be self-motivated and able to work independently and within teams.
Design and development of simulation models from subject matter expert specifications
Qualitative or quantitative data collection and analysis
Must have demonstrated ability to do independent research.
Additional Skills and Qualifications
2 years of experience in healthcare research is preferred.
Experience in developing and leading research/analytical studies is preferred.
Education
Advanced degree in engineering (systems, computer, electrical or related fields), simulation and modeling, computer science, statistics or mathematics. PhD is highly desired
Physical Requirements
· General office demands
· Some overnight travel
About Us
The United Network for Organ Sharing (UNOS) coordinates the nation’s organ transplant system, providing vital services to meet the needs of men, women and children awaiting lifesaving organ transplants. Based in Richmond, Va., UNOS is a private, nonprofit membership organization.
UNOS members encompass every transplant hospital, tissue matching laboratory and organ procurement organization in the United States, as well as voluntary health and professional societies, ethicists, transplant patients and organ donor advocates.
Top workplace in Richmond since 2013
UNOS is a great place to work! We’re one of only a few organizations to be named a top work place in Richmond by the Richmond Times Dispatchfor 6 years in a row.
Virginia Values Veterans Certified
UNOS is V3-certified! V3- Certified companies work with the Department of Veterans Services and other strategic partners to support Virginia’s Veterans.
UNOS Benefits
For information on UNOS, including more information on employee benefits, take a look at the UNOS Employee Benefits Summary.
Authorization
Must be authorized to work in the US. Sponsorship is not available for this position.
Agency Statement
No Agencies Please.
UNOS provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. It will not unlawfully discriminate or permit harassment against any employee or applicant on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, familial or marital status, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, genetic information, or any other characteristics or classification protected under applicable law (“protected categories”). This policy applies not only to hiring, but also to working conditions, benefits and privileges of employment, training, appointments for advancement, transfers, layoffs, recalls, terminations of employment and all other terms and conditions of employment.
UNOS is also an affirmative action employer. It takes affirmative action to recruit and provide opportunities for advancement to qualified females and minorities, individuals with disabilities, special disabled veterans and other protected veterans. It hires and promotes based on job-related requirements and individual qualifications. Action is taken to ensure the fulfillment of this policy as to all phases of the employment process including hiring, placement, training, upgrading, transfers and/or demotions, recruiting, layoffs and termination of employment.
UNOS invites individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to identify themselves, if they wish to do so. Such communication will be kept as confidential as possible and will be used only in accordance with the law. Candidates may contact the EEO/AA Officer at employment@unos.org to self-identify or request an accommodation.
EEO is the Law | EEO is the Law Supplement | E-Verify Participation English/Spanish | Right to Work | Right to Work Spanish | Pay Transparency",3.4,"United Network for Organ Sharing
3.4","Richmond, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
456,Data Engineer,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why VillageMD?

VillageMD is changing the trajectory of healthcare by empowering primary care physicians to make informed decisions and engage patients in meaningful ways. We work with thousands of clinicians and healthcare disruptors across the country to build and contribute to our platform to improve patient health while driving down the cost to deliver it.

We are a mission-oriented organization and are thrilled about the work that we do every day. We're transparent, collaborative, and relentless in pursuit of our mission, all while doing so with humility and a low ego. We believe that diverse backgrounds and experiences create the best opportunity for innovation and the community that we are creating is greater than any individual.

We've built our technology using the best of cloud and open-source technologies to create an open, data-first platform that is enriched with analytical models and modernly connected to internal and external apps. These apps drive clinical decision support, patient engagement, and other facilitators of innovative, information-enriched health experiences.

Data Engineers at VillageMD build distributed components, pipelines, and tools that enable our organization to make analytical, data-driven decisions. We're in a unique position to impact everyone in primary care from independent, family-owned practices to world-class health systems. We aggregate, process, and deliver rich datasets to improve the effectiveness of primary care for our doctors and patients.

What are examples of work that Data Engineers have done at VillageMD?
Built and implemented a data profiling tool to reverse engineer data schemas from new data sources facilitating normalization of the data into our data model
Created a summary data platform supporting our presentation layer that allows clinicians and operators in our practices to pinpoint interventions on-demand to patients most in need
Analyzed and designed the best ways to expand our data model to incorporate more data that's mission critical
What will make you successful here?
Strong analytical and technical skills
A real passion for problem solving and learning new technology
Vision to balance speed and maintainability in solution design
The ability to handle multiple, concurrent projects
Crafting and implementing requirements, keeping projects on track, and engaging partners
Challenging the status quo to improve our processes and tools
Communicating complex technical details in meaningful business context
A low ego and humility; an ability to gain trust by doing what you say you will do
What you might do in your first year:
Own ten projects to design and implement best-in-class data processing enabling clean data flow directly to our data model and on to our presentation layer
Work with analytics, engineering and operations to design and implement a new analytics product that supports improving patient health
Design a new concept within our data model to meet a new operational or analytical need
The following experience is relevant to us:
5+ years of full-time experience including extensive experience with healthcare data
Ability to understand and design relational data structures required
Very strong capabilities manipulating data using SQL
Knowledge of, and/or willingness to learn, non-relational data structures and other technologies (e.g. Postgres, Redshift, Cassandra, MongoDB, Neo4j, S3, etc.)
Experience or willingness to learn building information pipelines utilizing Python or Java a plus
BS/MS in computer science, math, engineering, or other related fields is required.
Track record of successfully executing projects with multiple partners
What can we offer you?
Competitive salary, bonus, and health benefits
Paid gym membership
Fun, fast-paced, startup environment (with snacks)
Pre-tax savings on commute expenses
Remote flexibility
A highly-collaborative, conscientious, forward-thinking environment that welcomes the impact you can make from Day 1.
A clear link between our daily work on products and services and the improved quality of healthcare that this work facilitates for patients.
At VillageMD, we see diversity and inclusion as a source of strength in transforming healthcare. We believe building trust and innovation are best achieved through diverse perspectives. To us, acceptance and respect are rooted in an understanding that people do not experience things in the same way, including our healthcare system. Individuals seeking employment at VillageMD are considered without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.0,"VillageMD
4.0","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
457,Customer Insights Data Scientist,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Hi, We’re AppFolio.

We’re innovators, changemakers, and collaborators. We’re more than just a software company — we’re a cloud-based powerhouse that creates products to make our customers’ lives easier. We’re revolutionizing the way people do business, and we want your ideas, your enthusiasm, and your passion to help us keep on innovating.

We love where we work, and you can, too.

To find out more about what AppFolio has to offer, check out appfolioinc.com/careers.

The Customer Insights Analyst will bring together quantitative and qualitative data and be responsible for the ongoing analysis, reporting, and insight identification for vital Customer Experience programs and metrics such as but not limited to NPS and VOC. As part of the CX team to build a focused set of CX metrics used across the business as predictive measures that improve the customer experience and drive business outcomes.

Outcomes
Launch VOC text analytics capabilities by leveraging technology and machine learning.
Implement & create text analytics models and processes to synthesize and identify emerging customer insights informing product development.
Stitch together multiple customer data sources (CRM and product data) to perform comprehensive CX analysis to identify past, present, and potential customer patterns yielding actionable insights to drive business change.
Build CX metrics - data and dashboard
Bring together multiple customer data sources (CRM and product data) to perform comprehensive CX analysis to identify past, present and potential customer patterns yielding actionable insights to drive business change
Own monthly analysis and insights for NPS program leading to recommendations for actions across the business to drive an increase in NPS in targeted customer segments
Contribute to ongoing improvements to NPS reporting, dashboards, and engagement across the company.
Identify and champion impactful customer experience insights aligned to our key business priorities across customer segments, markets, and offerings.
Competencies
Strategic Thinking. Ability to execute against a clear framework for defining a predictive set of Customer Experience metrics that drive business outcomes. Experience with CX metrics industry trends, best practices, and technology capabilities is preferred.
Tireless Advocate for the Customer. Lead with the customer's voice in everything you do and instill the customer mindset across the organization.
Analytical Skills. Able to synthesize quantitative and qualitative data across separate customer listening posts to draw impactful insights that inform strategy and prioritization.
Agile & Experimentation Mindset. Unafraid to take innovative approaches to problems and bring other's creative ideas forward with an agile ""progress over perfection"" mindset.
Business Acumen. Ability to connect the dots and communicate how customer experience efforts and metrics can impact business priorities and commit to delivering specific business outcomes.
Communication. Storyteller with the ability to weave together data, insights, and voice of the customer to inspire an organization to action.
Influence and Partnership. Relationship builder with the ability to navigate across the organization to drive alignment and action effectively.
CX Industry Expertise. Develop expertise, knowledge, and connections of the CX industry, best practices, and experts to inform our work and how we operate.
Must-Haves
2+ years experience in the CX space understanding how customer data can be used to dig into problems and work cross-functionally to improve the customer experience
Experience building and leading text analytics models with experience building using Clarabridge(preferably), Qualtrics, and or Medallia.
Solid understanding of industry-standard methodologies of customer insights, and desire to help evolve our VoC program
Strong ability to analyze quantitative and qualitative data, optimize data sets, tools, and analysis techniques to drive business outcomes.
Understanding of how to apply statistical methods to identify drivers of business results based on customer feedback and customer journey touch points
Sharp emotional intelligence and skills in leading robust multi-functional relationships.
Effective communicator with written and oral presentations to inspire actions. Demonstrate validated presentation, demonstration, and technical writing skills.
Substantial experience with analytical software (Tableau, SQL, data warehouse, etc.) preferred.
Experience working in a fast-paced, data-driven B2B SaaS environment is preferred.
Bachelor's degree, Master's Degree preferred.
Our Story

AppFolio (NASDAQ: APPF) was founded in 2006 with the mission to revolutionize vertical industry businesses by providing great software and service. Our easy-to-use, cloud-based software helps our customers more effectively market, manage, and grow their businesses. Today our software solutions exist in two verticals including the real estate (AppFolio Property Manager, AppFolio Property Manager PLUS, and AppFolio Investment Manager) and legal (MyCase) industries.

To find out more about what AppFolio has to offer, check out appfolioinc.com/careers.",4.6,"AppFolio
4.6","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
458,SENIOR CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS GROUP,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"SENIOR CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS GROUP


Opinion Dynamics seeks a new team member to join our Data Analytics team. The Data Analytics group is a dynamic and tightly knit team of individuals from a range of backgrounds working closely together on analytically challenging and methodologically innovative consulting, advising, and research projects to support energy efficiency and grid-focused needs. Our ideal candidate enjoys data analytics/science, data mining and data munging, is a problem solver, can effectively operate and navigate a dynamic environment of a consulting firm, and is excited to work with a multidisciplinary team of data scientists, statisticians, data analysts, and programmers.

Opinion Dynamics is a firm known for the excellence of our team and our commitment to a corporate culture that fosters innovative thought, growth and enrichment opportunities, passionate employees, collegiality and collaboration.

What we are looking for in an ideal candidate
Demonstrated interest in energy, energy policy, or building science
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in engineering, quantitative social science, statistics, political science, economics, computer or data science, or related field
Two or more years’ work experience in analytics, ideally evaluating energy efficiency programs and/or performing other forms of longitudinal data analysis, OR higher educational attainment with relevant coursework
Strong programming skills in Python (including the standard data science stack)
Experience importing, cleaning, and manipulating large datasets (500,000+ records) in the context of analytical modeling
Experience with econometric modeling/statistical regression analysis, including model evaluation and validation best practices
Highly motivated, with a demonstrated track-record of thinking critically about your work and clearly communicating with other project staff and managers about your work
Strong written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate with clients as well as ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Strong consulting and advising skills
Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously and flexibly
Additional qualifications of value
Master’s or PhD in statistics, economics, engineering, or related field
Programming skills in other programming languages (R, Java, SQL etc.)
Experience with version control software (e.g. Git) and collaborative code development
Experience with machine learning methods
Demonstrated aptitude with data visualization tools and techniques (e.g. PowerBI, Tableau)
Experience working on a collaborative, cross-functional team
Location

Preferred: Waltham, MA (Company headquarters)

Other locations across Continental United States will be considered.

About Opinion Dynamics Corporation

Opinion Dynamics advances knowledge to address emerging energy and social issues

through sound and insightful research. Our inter-disciplinary team of consultants provides actionable research to support the needs of our clients, which include electric and gas utilities, regulators, and stakeholders. Our research and consulting services inform program planning and design, performance assessment, and optimization of energy efficiency, demand response, and renewable energy programs. Our company fosters innovative thought, collegiality and growth opportunities for our employees. The Data Analytics Group within Opinion Dynamics is especially focused on taking a data-driven approach to answering complex technical questions.

How to Apply:

To be considered for this position, please submit your cover letter (required) and resume with “Data Analytics Consultant” in the subject line. If contacted, please be prepared to complete analytical tests as part of the interviewing process; provide data analysis and writing samples that clearly demonstrate your experience and aptitude in the areas outlined above; as well as supply two or more references who can speak to your experience, work orientation, and work ethic.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.

Responsibilities
Qualifications


To be considered for this position, please send your cover letter and resume to:

Careers: Senior Consultant- Data Analytics Group

careersMA@opiniondynamics.com

Please submit a cover letter and resume to CareersCA@opiniondynamics.com.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics will not provide sponsorship for work authorization for this position. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.",4.2,"Opinion Dynamics
4.2","Waltham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
459,Lead Data Scientist – Network Analysis and Control,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The Lead Data Scientist must have an entrepreneurial spirit, a willingness to take risks, and a desire to advance the state of the art in networking. This position will require direct application of data science principals, experience with complex communication networks, and an understanding of network-focused data analytics and automation. If this sounds like you, and you have five plus years of professional experience in this area, then put it to work in this senior technical leadership position by joining us in MITRE’s Infrastructure and Networking Technical Center.

Key Functions:
Develop data analytics approaches to predict network behaviors or detect behavioral anomalies in the environment
Design data analytic systems to support network automation and network security initiatives and projects for multiple government agencies and sponsors
Offer technical leadership in the area of data science to government sponsors and internally within the department
Work in cross-discipline teams serving as the subject matter expert in the area of data analytics and data science
Lead innovation and research activities including internal R&D efforts
Serve as a subject matter expert and trusted advisor to government sponsors
Minimum Qualifications:
BS and 8 years related experience
Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances
Possess an active Secret level security clearance
Required Qualifications:
BS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a similar field with at least five years of experience in relevant positions
Hands-on software development skills (Python, Scala, Java)
Experience working with Big Data tools (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Elasticsearch, Kafka)
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience conducting original research using data science techniques, including machine learning, statistical modeling, and data visualization
Working knowledge of data science workflow from data wrangling and cleaning to exploratory analysis all the way through to reporting and visualization
Working knowledge of various machine learning paradigms (deep learning, reinforcement learning, neural networks, etc.) with an understanding of mathematical underpinnings of various models
Experience performing data analytics in cloud environments, particularly AWS
Understanding of traditional IP networking (including architecture, protocol design and analysis)
Demonstrated ability to take risk and achieve significant work program or organizational outcomes
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Ability to obtain and maintain a Top-Secret and above level security clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field, with a focus on machine learning
Experience developing prototype data science applications and deploying at-scale against Big Data
Familiarity with programmable control plane (e.g. SDN) and data plane technologies (e.g. P4)
Exposure to operational technology (OT) networks and relevant protocols commonly leveraged in these environments (e.g. DNP3, MODBUS)
Understanding of the applicability of machine learning models to network and distributed systems
Proven track record of proposing and leading R&D initiatives and successfully transitioning to operational environment
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
460,Data Scientist,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Fidelity TalentSource is your destination for discovering your next temporary role at Fidelity Investments. We are currently sourcing for a Data Scientist to work at Fidelity in Boston, MA.

At Fidelity’s Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (COE), you won’t be just tinkering around the edges, you’ll be building critical solutions that will benefit our clients for years to come. We work closely with business partners, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value. Those of us who love to work with data see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry.

These positions are all located in Boston, MA.

The Team

The AIML (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) team contributes to the vitality and growth of the organization through researching and building complex, cutting edge and scalable AI algorithms, models, platforms and technologies to significantly improve customer experience and drive business results. Our team of high caliber scientists, mathematicians and statisticians use rigorous quantitative approaches to ensure that we are efficiently building algorithms and technology relevant to the business or customer experience issue at hand.

The Expertise You Have
Minimum Master’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields.
Advanced knowledge in model evaluation, tuning and performance, operationalization and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies.
Hands on experience developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc.),
Experience in evaluating and making decisions around the use of new or existing tools for a project.
Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, complex business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams. Three to five successfully launched ML projects would be ideal.
Programming skills in Python, Spark, Scala, R or MatLab
The Skills You Bring
Your solid skills in algorithm development and predictive modeling
You have deep knowledge of some combination of the following:
Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Deep Learning, Neural Networks
Real Time Event Detection and Scoring
Time series analysis, Econometrics
Robotic Process Automation
Cloud ML
The Value You Deliver

You will partner with business stakeholders to identify/prioritize top AI opportunities, create business/technical requirements, transform large volumes of data into AI-driven solutions using creative, cutting edge open source methods/technologies, lead ML strategy and road map planning, work across teams and influence the direction of external teams. The ideal candidate will combine experienced AI/ML/Open Source/Tech knowledge with hands on experience building algorithms/models/programming and outstanding business skills (revenue/cost drivers, customer experience, customer journey, communication, etc.) to manage and deliver complex/critical projects driving significant value to Fidelity.

Company Culture

At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and furthering a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates.

Company Overview

We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skillset and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource.

For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Company Overview

Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skill set and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource. For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Information about Fidelity Investments

At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments and Fidelity TalentSource are equal opportunity employers.",3.9,"Fidelity TalentSource
3.9","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
461,Senior Machine Learning Engineer,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Introduction to Shield
Shield AI’s mission is to protect service members and civilians with artificially intelligent systems. For our team, no idea is too ambitious. We don’t ever want to stop working to make possible what looks out of reach today. We have assembled a world-class team dedicated to shaping the future of artificially intelligent systems. We are backed by top tier venture capital investors, have been shipping product since 2018 and are rapidly expanding.

Job Description
Are you a passionate and innovative software engineer looking to help develop state of the art AI products? Are you eager to make a positive difference in the world? Do you want to work alongside mission driven and values focused teammates? Shield AI is just the place for you!
As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will work on exciting applications of machine learning for robotic systems. You will work alongside a team of passionate and driven engineers to solve a wide variety of challenging problems to include object detection, scene understanding, face verification, and action recognition. You will conduct literature reviews to drive team decisions and develop a framework for training, validation, and evaluation. Your contributions will help provide the situational awareness that is essential to the safety of our users!
Join us to push the state of the art in autonomous robotics for protecting lives.
What you'll do
Develop algorithms for the accurate detection, classification, and localization of high-value objects for tracking and analysis
Develop algorithms for scene understanding; build scene graphs, recognize obstacles for navigation, and estimate threat or intent
Contribute to our machine learning foundation tools for curating data and developing/analyzing models
Inform sensor decisions for optimal approaches to machine learning for product requirements
Develop state-of-the-art approaches in the areas described above, as applied to our unique problems
Projects you might work on
Improving the tooling and pipelines that allow us to develop models at scale
Developing and optimizing models for multiple tasks of interest
Extending models to optimize execution and pull in more functionality such as tracking or motion prediction
Developing robust APIs for easy interfacing with internal and external software components
People we're looking for have the following required education and experience
5+ years of professional work experience as a machine learning and/or software engineer
MS in Computer Science or Engineering, similar degree, or equivalent practical experience
Experience with contributing to large and complex software projects
Practical experience with machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow
Competencies
Deep learning model development
Software Engineering
C++
Python
TensorFlow
Caffe/Caffe2
PyTorch
scikit-learn
OpenCV
Multi-threaded development
Excellent communication skills
Preferred qualifications
Experience producing, deploying, and improving production models
Experience with ROS
Experience with CUDA
Passion for solving problems that make a difference
If you're interested in being part of our team, apply now!

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

To conform to U.S. Government regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.",4.8,"Shield AI
4.8","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
462,EEO/Affirmative Action Data Analyst,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Works and proactivley interacts directly with client corporate human resource personnel during all stages of the affirmative action plan preparation process.
Responsible for collecting, validating and formatting data for preparing affirmative action programs as well as VETS and EEO-1 filing for clients.
Analyzes employment data from government contractors to develop and maintain Affirmative Action Programs that are EO 11246, Section 503, and VEVRAA compliant.
Conducts extensive analysis of workforce data in Microsoft Excel and dedicated Affirmative Action software on behalf of HR Unlimited, Inc clients.
Successfully use and understand Excel tools such as filtering, VLOOKUP, and pivot tables.
Coordinates and assists in the development of Excel-based Macros used for all the firm’s statistical analyses
Use strong verbal and written communication skills to interface with clients.
Create visually impactful data, with tools such as Tableau, to explain statistical results of analysis.
Identifies problem areas within client's current workforce makeup and other areas for improvement.
Supports clients through OFCCP audits from receipt of scheduling letter through closure.
Makes presentations to review Affirmative Action Analysis with clients
Collaborates with other employees in a small team environment to complete work and projects.
Performs other duties and special projects as assigned.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $17.00 - $20.00 per hour

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Tuition Reimbursement
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
The employer enforces and maintains safety protocol to avoid COVID 19 and to protect its employees health and safety. Masks are required, social distancing maintained, and sanitizers are available. Temperature check upon arriving to work is available

Experience:
Affirmative Action Plan preparation: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Santa Ana, CA 92705 (Preferred)
License:
PHR (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Working Days:
Monday (Required)
Tuesday (Required)
Wednesday (Required)
Thursday (Required)
Friday (Required)
Application Question:
Experience with Excel Macro is a plus.
Excellent interpersonal communications
Excellent verbal and written communications
customer service experience is required

Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.hrunlimitedinc.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.4,"HR Unlimited, Inc.
3.4","Santa Ana, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
463,Sales Planning & Analytics Manager,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Business Summary:
VMware accelerates digital transformation through a software-defined approach to business and IT. The trusted platform provider of choice for more than 500,000 customers globally, VMware is the pioneer in virtualization and an innovator in cloud and business mobility. A proven leader, VMware allows customers to run, manage, connect and secure applications across clouds and devices in a common operating environment.

Our team of 20,000+ people working in 50+ locations worldwide is committed to building a community where great people want to work long term by living our values of passion, innovation, execution, teamwork, active learning and giving back. If you are ready to accelerate, innovate and lead, join us as we challenge constraints and problem solve for tomorrow today.

VMware’s Worldwide Customer Operations team manages nearly every company activity that touches our customers. That includes corporate planning, go-to-market strategies, the introduction of new products and services, and end-of-life strategies for all company offerings, too. Our team acts as a crucial connection between VMware’s sales teams, partners, and customers. We educate all three groups so they’re informed on the company’s solutions, how best to use them, and how to yield their maximum potential. We help customers succeed by ensuring that our salespeople are well-prepared and equipped to deliver the right VMware solutions for the customer’s specific challenges.

Job Role and Responsibility

The GTM Planning and Analytics Team within VMware’s Security Business Unit (formerly known as Carbon Black) is looking for a passionate Sales Planning & Analytics Manager to lead sales planning, reporting, and analytics for the America’s Commercial Sales Organization. This is a highly visible role with direct access to our GTM (Go-To-Market) Executive Team.

What You’ll Do:
Partner with Americas Commercial Sales leadership to deliver effective analytics, share insights, and influence alignment on critical efforts to improve performance. This includes planning and analytics support for the Sales Development organization.
Perform deep dive analyses to support goal achievement, revenue acceleration, and drive achievement to strategies.
Manage the sales planning and analytics cadence with the Americas Commercial Sales organization.
Spearhead the development of insight-driven tools & dashboards and provide ongoing support regarding functionality and data-integrity.
Create and manage MBR and QBR materials for executive leadership reviews.
Craft data stories through presentations, written summaries, and data visualizations that accurately outline problem statements and provide actionable and unbiased intelligence and recommendations.
Translate business objectives into functional data requirements and balance them with technical feasibility, recommending changes in development, maintenance and platform standards as necessary.
Required Skills:
3-5 years’ experience in Sales Operations or Analytics roles.
Solution focused, sharp business judgment, and detail-oriented to ensure data accuracy and consistency
Advanced experience with Microsoft Excel (pivot tables, advanced modeling, creating charts/graphs)
Ability to manage time well and deliver results in a timely manner, while managing multiple cross-functional projects.
Be comfortable and articulate while presenting to senior leadership.
Bachelors or Master’s degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics or analytics related subjects
Preferred Skills
BI development and database systems knowledge such as Tableau or PowerBI
Extensive experience providing insights and analysis directly to Sales Leadership.
Experience working in a B2B SaaS company.
Knowledge of best-practice sales strategies or analyses to drive continuous improvement for the entire Sales organization.
This job opportunity is not eligible for employment-based immigration sponsorship by VMware.

Category : Business Strategy and Operations
Subcategory: Business Operations
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Remote: No
Posted Date: 2020-09-16

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.",3.6,"Carbon Black
3.6","Waltham, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2002,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
464,Geologist/ Scientist II,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"EEI is currently looking for experienced individuals in our field monitoring division. Primary responsibilities include consulting and problem solving on construction projects focusing on earthwork, foundation and retaining wall construction. The position includes field monitoring and testing of soils. Preparation of testing data and work summary reports documenting field activities and results of all materials testing. Additional responsibilities include monitoring of test boring investigations and documenting soil types and conditions within test boring logs. 3-5 years of experience or Bore log drilling inspection experience .

Earth Engineering Incorporated (EEI) is a rapidly growing Geotechnical Engineering firm servicing the development industry throughout the Northeast. EEI's Corporate Headquarters is located in East Norriton, PA with offices in South Jersey, Central PA and the Lehigh Valley. EEI boasts a progressive work atmosphere and professional growth. Competitive salaries are based on qualifications and experience and a complete benefits package is offered.

EEI is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or age. Hiring, transferring, and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above-listed items.

www.earthengineering.com

\*Local candidates only\*

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Construction Inspection: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
License:
ACI (Preferred)
Driver's License (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Company's website:
www.earthengineering.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/EarthEngineeringInc/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible",3.0,"Earth Engineering Inc.
3.0","Mechanicsburg, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
465,Marketing Analytics Data Scientist,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Tinder brings people together. With tens of millions of users and a presence in every country on earth, our reach is expansive and rapidly growing. Tinder’s Analytics Team is looking for a Data Scientist with expertise in Marketing.

The Marketing Analytics team takes ownership of the decisions being made from our data – we develop a deep understanding of both the business and its data and establish close working relationships with all teams - starting with Marketing but also including Product, Engineering, and Finance – so that we can provide recommendations and make proposals regarding prioritization of initiatives, product launches, A/B tests, and company performance.

As a Data Scientist in this role, you will be a partner to the Marketing team, you will be :
Interpreting data and analyzing results using statistical techniques,
Developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases

Additionally, you’ll be providing support for A/B test design and analysis as well as data-driven insights through ad-hoc analyses, presentations, and automated reports and dashboards. This role will require experience with SQL, data wrangling, statistics, and A/B testing as well as the ability to work in cross-functional teams to drive actionable insights. Experience with user growth and acquisition across consumer products is a plus.
Key Roles and Responsibilities:
Find the “story” in the data and communicate insights and opportunities with executive and other internal teams
Master and own the analytical understanding of customer behavior and business performance
Analyze models to better understand the value and churn behavior of our users
Perform ongoing ad-hoc analyses to evaluate the efficiency of our marketing spend, building reporting infrastructure, and assisting in making budgeting recommendations to optimize growth
Integrate captured event data with other sources of customer data, such as surveys, ad publishers and app store data
Support reporting and business intelligence needs of the entire Marketing team.

Skills Required:

2+ years of relevant experience
Ability to think objectively and interpret meaningful themes from quantitative and qualitative data
Ability to build constructive and effective relationships with a broad and diverse group of business partners
Ability to execute on complex analytics projects where you have to determine salient questions in a complex ecosystem and present action-oriented conclusions
Proficiency with SQL requiredScripting skills, preferably in Python.
Strong Python/NumPy/PANDAS skills a plusKnowledge of statistics, specifically experimental design and analysis
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPointFamiliarity with common marketing KPIs, metrics, and growth experiments
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy:

· The hustle of a startup with the impact of a global business
· Tremendous opportunity to seek some of the industry’s most exciting problems
· Working with an outstanding team of creative, fun and highly motivated people
· Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, and 401(k) match

At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.9,"Tinder
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
466,Chief Scientist,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Chief Scientist is fundamentally responsible to help establish and sustain NRECA and the cooperative community as leaders in the scientific aspects of the advancing electrical grid and enhance our standing in the scientific and engineering communities both in the private sector and in government. The Chief Scientist must participate in meetings on behalf of NRECA and the co-ops in government, industry, and professional forums and participate through authored papers and presentation. The Chief Scientist must organize the pursuit of underwritten research, and lead or support bidding efforts where appropriate. The Chief Scientist must recruit high level scientific talent and build partnerships with leading researchers in industry and research institution. The Chief Scientist may serve as the Principal Investigator on multiple projects and provide a technical role on others. Within NRECA, the Chief Scientist is responsible for the management and administration of staff involved in underwritten research.

Purpose and Mission

• Assists with leading and managing technologically-complex research projects, which provides bottom-line and operational effectiveness impact to cooperatives in such areas as distribution, transmission, generation, renewable and distributed energy, energy efficiency and demand response, and smarter grid technologies.
• Supports building and advancing strong, winning relationships with federal agencies, large industry, and the network of national laboratories. Forecast and inspire/incubate funding opportunities and support for NRECA projects; and generates innovative partnerships with federal agencies in order to secure funding.
• Identifies compelling, unique project ideas with high-win potential funding requests. Supports building strong project teams including subject matter experts; rallies large teams for proposals; and oversees, produces technical portions, and structures components of large, multi-million dollar funding requests.
• Conducts primary research and products while analyzing and communicating technical barriers, enlisting member and partner endorsements, and delivers results at high-level briefings to national laboratories and federal government agency executives, senior advisors, and project managers with funding authority.
• Serves as one of the technical resources for the BTS division and leads the development of intellectual property to expand NRECA’s technical capabilities and demonstrate national technical leadership.
• Attracts and recruits stakeholders and builds necessary coalitions to raise external matching funds and negotiates financial obligations for participation in joint research opportunities.
• Monitors Department of Energy (DOE), other federal, state, and non-governmental research organizations’ current engagements to maintain an understanding of their research portfolios, and forecasts and develops new NRECA research opportunities, which align with future external programs.
• Shapes opportunities for NRECA to participate in technical briefings and presentations to federal agencies, large industry, national laboratories, academia, and research institutions.
• Supports the development and maintenance of a comprehensive vision of the future of the grid.
• Seven direct reports

Chief Scientist
Location: Arlington

Category: Business Technology Strategy – Electricity

Department: Business Technology Strategies

Job Description

The National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA), with offices in Arlington, VA and Lincoln, NE is the trade association for over 900 consumer-owned electric cooperatives serving more than 42 million people. NRECA is committed to harnessing the strength of America’s electric cooperatives into a single powerful voice. NRECA has won the following awards over the past few years:

• Top Workplace by the Washington Post
• 100 Best Places to Work - ComputerWorld Magazine
• 50 Best Places to Work - The Washingtonian
• CARE Award Recipient - Recognizing organizations that promote a positive work-life balance
• Best Place to Work Award Recipient - Lincoln, NE
• Gold Well Workplace - Wellness Councils of America
• State of NE Governor's Wellness Award - Grower Level

At NRECA, we work with people who are leaders in their fields. They are down-to-earth, hardworking professionals committed to helping our members serve their communities. Our work is interesting, constantly evolving, and requires new skills to meet the evolving needs of a dynamic industry. In this collegial, inclusive work environment, united around the compelling purpose and history of electric cooperatives, we thrive. And topping it off, NRECA cares about each person’s overall well-being, encouraging health, financial security, and a sustainable work/life balance. EEO/AA- M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status/Genetic Data

Summary
Chief Scientist M.4

The Chief Scientist is fundamentally responsible to help establish and sustain NRECA and the cooperative community as leaders in the scientific aspects of the advancing electrical grid and enhance our standing in the scientific and engineering communities both in the private sector and in government. The Chief Scientist must participate in meetings on behalf of NRECA and the co-ops in government, industry, and professional forums and participate through authored papers and presentation. The Chief Scientist must organize the pursuit of underwritten research, and lead or support bidding efforts where appropriate. The Chief Scientist must recruit high level scientific talent and build partnerships with leading researchers in industry and research institution. The Chief Scientist may serve as the Principal Investigator on multiple projects and provide a technical role on others. Within NRECA, the Chief Scientist is responsible for the management and administration of staff involved in underwritten research.

Purpose and Mission

• Assists with leading and managing technologically-complex research projects, which provides bottom-line and operational effectiveness impact to cooperatives in such areas as distribution, transmission, generation, renewable and distributed energy, energy efficiency and demand response, and smarter grid technologies.
• Supports building and advancing strong, winning relationships with federal agencies, large industry, and the network of national laboratories. Forecast and inspire/incubate funding opportunities and support for NRECA projects; and generates innovative partnerships with federal agencies in order to secure funding.
• Identifies compelling, unique project ideas with high-win potential funding requests. Supports building strong project teams including subject matter experts; rallies large teams for proposals; and oversees, produces technical portions, and structures components of large, multi-million dollar funding requests.
• Conducts primary research and products while analyzing and communicating technical barriers, enlisting member and partner endorsements, and delivers results at high-level briefings to national laboratories and federal government agency executives, senior advisors, and project managers with funding authority.
• Serves as one of the technical resources for the BTS division and leads the development of intellectual property to expand NRECA’s technical capabilities and demonstrate national technical leadership.
• Attracts and recruits stakeholders and builds necessary coalitions to raise external matching funds and negotiates financial obligations for participation in joint research opportunities.
• Monitors Department of Energy (DOE), other federal, state, and non-governmental research organizations’ current engagements to maintain an understanding of their research portfolios, and forecasts and develops new NRECA research opportunities, which align with future external programs.
• Shapes opportunities for NRECA to participate in technical briefings and presentations to federal agencies, large industry, national laboratories, academia, and research institutions.
• Supports the development and maintenance of a comprehensive vision of the future of the grid.
• Seven direct reports

Requirements and Qualifications

• Ph.D. in energy science, physics, mathematics or engineering or 15 years of research industry experience
• Fifteen years of energy industry experience required, including federal contracting experience, and an established, robust set of contacts within key federal and non-governmental firms who are traditional awardees of federal programs.
• Ability to manage competing deadlines and multiple projects at various stages of development using effective organization skills and attention to detail.
• Ability to work with a wide variety of people to foster cooperation in sharing information and materials .
• Ability to lead people and foster collaborative skills and consensus building while operating in a fast-moving environment.
• Ability to build consortia and syndication of industry partners around research objectives.
• Ability to structure funding proposals with a successful win record.
• Ability to successfully function in the Federal contracting process.
• Ability to deliver academic-level technical research analysis, writings and patents.
• Ability to operate independently with a high level of visibility and to shift priorities in a rapidly changing environment.
• Ability to travel from up to 30%, fluctuating as needed to foster effective relationships.
• Ability to recruit, organize, lead, and manage technical teams in the execution of research work, contract work, and internally funded product.
• Ability to explain complex technical subjects clearly to non-specialists, in presentations and in writing.
• Ability to communicate, both verbally and in writing, with a diverse membership, employees and/or vendors in a clear and precise manner.
• Ability to use Microsoft Office tools (Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Point) in the day-to-day essential duties of the job.
• Ability to provide service excellence by building relationships, being resourceful, responsive and respectful.

ADA Requirements
• The worker is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal and extensive reading.
• Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects. If the use of arm and/or leg controls requires exertion of forces greater than that for sedentary work and the worker sits most of the time, the job is rated for light work.
Disclaimer Statement: The preceding job description has been written to reflect management’s assignment of",3.5,"NRECA
3.5","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1942,Nonprofit Organization,Membership Organizations,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
467,Data Engineer,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Numerator is looking for a Senior Data Engineer who is a Big Data enthusiast and has a passion for working with an interesting robust set of data. This person will work in our platform to help ensure that our data quality is flawless. As a company, we have millions of new data points every day that come into our system. You will be working with a passionate team of engineers to solve challenging problems and ensure that we can deliver the best data to our customers, on-time. You will be using the latest cloud data warehouse technologies to build robust and reliable data pipelines.

Duties/Responsibilities Include

Develop expertise in the different upstream data stores and systems across Numerator
Design, develop and maintain data integration pipelines for Numerators growing data sets and product offerings
Collaborate with product and engineering teams to take requirements from prototype to production
Build data validation testing frameworks to ensure high data quality and integrity
Write and maintain documentation on data pipelines and schemas

Requirements

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field of study required; Masters degree preferred
5 + years of experience in the data warehouse space
Knowledge of software engineering best practices across the development lifecycle, coding standards, code reviews, source management, build processes, testing, and operations
Knowledge of and experience implementing data security and governance best practices
Expert in SQL, including advanced analytical queries, window functions, CTEs and query optimization
Advanced proficiency in Python (data structures, algorithms, object oriented programming, using APIs)Experience administering a cloud data warehouse (Redshift, Snowflake, Vertica)
Experience with a data pipeline scheduling framework (Airflow)
Experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling

Exceptional candidates will have

Amazon Web Services (EC2, DMS, RDS) experience
Terraform and/or ansible (or similar) for infrastructure deployment
Airflow - Experience building and monitoring DAGs, developing custom operators and using script templating solutions
Experience supporting production systems and developing on-call/incident management playbooks
Ability to work with team members located in multiple geographies and time zones.
Curious and interested in learning about the latest in data warehouse technology Interest and willingness to mentor junior team members

What we offer you

An inclusive and collaborative company culture - we work in an open environment while working together to get things done, and adapt to the changing needs as they come.
An opportunity to have an impact in a technologically data driven company.
Ownership over platforms and environments of an industry leading product.
Market competitive total compensation package.
Volunteer time off and charitable donation matching.
Strong support for career growth, including mentorship programs, leadership training, access to conferences and employee resource groups.
Regular hackathons to build your own projects and Engineering Lunch and Learns.
Great benefits package including health/vision/dental, unlimited PTO, 401k matching, travel reimbursement and more.

If this sounds like something you would like to be part of, we’d love for you to apply! Don't worry if you think that you don't meet all the qualifications here. The tools, technology, and methodologies we use are constantly changing and we value talent and interest over specific experience.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.1,"Numerator
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
468,Associate Data Scientist,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Associate Data Scientist performs data analysis to extract knowledge or insight from structured or unstructured data. He or she applies advanced statistical algorithms for analysis of large-scale, complex datasets. He or she keeps up to date with cutting-edge techniques in programming, machine learning, big data, and healthcare modeling and seeks ways to advance the organization’s capabilities in analytics.

Apply machine learning/deep learning/artificial intelligence techniques.
Perform large-scale experimentation and build data-driven models to answer business questions.
Create hypotheses and experiments to identify hidden relationships and construct new analytics methods.
Develop and implement Markov decision process models and healthcare economic models.
Use advanced analytics methods to extract value from business data.
Articulate a vision and roadmap for the utilization of data as a valued corporate asset.
Visualize information and develop reports on results of data analysis.
Influence product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations.
Spread best practices to analytics and product teams.
Implement new tools to make data analysis more efficient.
Willing and able to learn new technologies on the job.
Ability to communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences.
Ability to work with minimal supervision.
Desire to work in a highly collaborative environment.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 80% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Computer Science, or related field; or High School Degree/General Education Diploma and 4 years of relevant experience in lieu of Bachelor’s degree.
2+ years of experience working with large datasets for drawing business insights.
Demonstrated working knowledge in Python or R programming.
Professional working knowledge with machine learning (to solve complex business problems), predictive modeling, leveraging both structured and unstructured data source, relational databases, and SQL.
Professional working knowledge of statistics and modeling techniques.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree in related field of study.
Professional working knowledge with distributed computing and big data technologies such as Spark or related technologies.
Professional working knowledge with statistical methodologies and tools (R, SAS, SPSS, etc.), mathematical optimization, control theory, and time-series analysis.
Professional working knowledge with Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, or Recommender Systems.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request",4.1,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.1","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
469,Scientist II,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Driven by a commitment to research, quality and service, PDI, Inc. provides innovative products, educational resources, training and support to prevent infection transmission and promote health and wellness. Encompassing 3 areas, our Healthcare, Sani Professional and Contract manufacturing divisions, we develop, manufacture and distribute leading edge products for North America and the world. We have several locations across the US and are looking for new Associates to join our team!

POSITION PURPOSE

This position is a member of the R&D Analytical team and will work to support development and continued improvement of Interventional Care drugs and medical devices for projects such as skin antisepsis, device disinfection, and nasal decolonization.

The primary function of this position is to perform GMP and non-GMP analytical testing (assay, ID, impurities, stability), and conduct method developments, validations, and transfers for our Interventional Care business function. This individual will be responsible to uphold our quality, safety, and efficiency in the laboratory.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND BASIC DUTIES

RESEARCH& DEVELOPMENT:
Performs routine and non-routine analytical testing using chromatography (GC, LC), titration (auto and manual), and/or spectroscopy (FTIR, NIR, UV/Vis). Tests stability and release samples for pH, color, appearance, and other studies as required.
Develops, validates, and transfers analytical test methods to Quality Control and/or external testing labs.
Drafts validation and stability protocols, reports, and executes experiments.
LABORATORY SUPPORT:
Authors test methods, SOPs, WI, and other project reports independently.
Calibrates analytical instrumentation and equipment.
Troubleshoots analytical equipment and processes with an eye towards continuous improvement.
Drafts reports, performs data analysis, and maintains a compliant laboratory notebook.
FORMULATION AND REGULATORY SUPPORT:
Help formulators to design experiments to test product prototypes.
Adhere to strict timelines and communicate testing status to the larger project team.
Provide analytical support to QC and regulatory, as needed.
PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENTS
Meet timelines and be able to balance priorities according to stakeholder needs.
Demonstrate research skills to adopt new test methods or implement improvements.
Willing to learn additional analytical skills and take on more responsibility and functional activities
Communicate effectively with other team members across the organization, within R&D, Corporate Quality, and the Quality Control Laboratory.
QUALIFICATIONS

EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION:
University degree in Science or Engineering required
MS degree, or higher, in Chemistry preferred
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE:
Previous experience in a regulated/GXP environment.
Strong analytical chemistry, method development and validation understanding.
Working knowledge of FDA regulations and ICH guidelines.
EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:
3+ years of industry working experience.
Demonstrated ability to validate and transfer methods.
Proficient with a variety of analytical test methods, including LC and GC.
SKILLS/ABILITIES:
Excellent communication skills (verbal / written).
Highly motivated to work as a member of a nimble team. Embraces change and risk, and exhibits flexibility.
Exhibits excellent organization, planning and multi-tasking skills; able to handle multiple projects/tasks at the same time.
Computer literate (MS 365, Empower, Electronic Notebook, LIMS).
WORKING CONDITIONS
About 75% Lab and 25% office environment. Willing to routinely travel (20 min) between headquarters and GMP facilities.
R&D: Woodcliff Lake, NJ. GMP Lab: Orangeburg, NY",4.6,"PDI Inc (NY)
4.6","Woodcliff Lake, NJ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
470,Sr. Data Scientist,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who is Trace3?

Trace3 is a leading Transformative IT Authority, providing unique technology solutions and consulting services to our clients. Equipped with elite engineering and dynamic innovation, we empower IT executives and their organizations to achieve competitive advantage through a process of Integrate, Automate, Innovate.

Our culture at Trace3 embodies the spirit of a startup with the advantage of a scalable business. Employees can grow their career and have fun while doing it!

Trace3 is headquartered in Irvine, California. We employ more than 850 people all over the United States. Our major field office locations include Atlanta, Denver, Detroit, Indianapolis, Grand Rapids, Lexington, Los Angeles, Louisville, San Diego, San Francisco, and Scottsdale.

Ready to discover the possibilities that live in technology?

Come Join Us!

Street-Smart - Thriving in Dynamic Times

We are flexible and resilient in a fast-changing environment. We continuously innovate and drive constructive change while keeping a focus on the ""big picture."" We exercise sound business judgment in making high-quality decisions in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are highly creative and can dig deep within ourselves to find positive solutions to different problems.

Juice - The ""Stuff"" it takes to be a Needle Mover

We get things done and drive results. We lead without a title, empowering others through a can-do attitude. We look forward to the goal, mentally mapping out every checkpoint on the pathway to success, and visualizing what the final destination looks and feels like.

Teamwork - Humble, Hungry and Smart

We are humble individuals who understand how our job impacts the company's mission. We treat others with respect, admit mistakes, give credit where it's due and demonstrate transparency. We ""bring the weather"" by exhibiting positive leadership and solution-focused thinking. We hug people in their trials, struggles, and failures – not just their success. We appreciate the individuality of the people around us.

About the Role: Do you enjoy solving computer vision problems such as optical character recognition, object detection and recognition and image classification? Text and document classification using natural-language processing tools, or predicitve analytics applied to time series? Do you love learning and trying out new state of the art machine learning and deep learning algorithms? Are you passionate in building computer AI solutions and applications?

At Trace3, you will work on problems for our enterprise clients. You will design and build AI products that will impact some of the largest companies in the country. You will be able to learn from fellow deep learning and machine learning engineers and data scientists, and follow and share cutting-edge research. You will research and POC some of the coolest technologies available and will have access to a pipeline of up-and-coming technologies made available through Trace3's VC relationships.

The Senior Data Scientist needs to be self-motivated, self-directing, adaptable and comfortable working in less-structured environments. The ideal candidate should be looking for an opportunity to help client transform their business using ML/DL/AI. Candidates will need experience in working on and leading large complex data science and business transformation projects. There is an opportunity for the candidate to eventually move into a leadership and management position as the Data Science team grows. Approximately 30-50% travel is required.

What You'll Do:
Perform project tasks independently, and may direct the efforts of others
Lead analytical effort for client engagements
Develop analytical skills and act an advisor for junior staff and external partners
Provide quantitative and business analytic skills to develop and implement solutions across several industry verticals, specifically financial, industrial and manufacturing, healthcare life sciences, consumer product & retail, telecom.
Define the key business problems to be solved and formulate mathematical approaches to solve those given problems
Form and maintain trusted relationships with clients and be the 'go-to' contact point for projects
Participate in and/or lead the development of deliverable content that meets the needs of the client and contract
Anticipate client needs and formulate solutions to client issues
Review deliverables for accuracy and quality
Contribute to new business proposals and proposal development
Manages own personal and professional development; seeks opportunities for professional growth and expansion of consulting skills and experiences
Qualifications & Interests:
8+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging analytics and large amounts of data to drive significant business impact.
Understanding of state of the art deep learning techniques
Solid understanding of CNN, RNN, supervised and unsupervised learning, optimization techniques
Experience with one or more deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Deeplearning4j, Keras, PyTorch, etc.
Proficiency in at least one higher-level programming language such as Java, Scala, Python, C++, R, etc.
A focus on computer vision and/or machine learning and with Natural Language Processing (NLP) would be a plus.
PhD in Machine Learning, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering, Mathematics or related field would be a plus
Proficient at translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework.
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of business partners.
Self-starter with a passion for your work and attention to detail.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Humble with a team-first attitude.
The Perks:
Comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for you and your dependents
401(k) Retirement Plan with Employer Match, 529 College Savings Plan, Health Savings Account, Life Insurance, and Long-Term Disability
Competitive Compensation
Training and development programs
Stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages
Collaborative and cool office culture
Work-life balance and generous paid time off
***To all recruitment agencies: Trace3 does not accept unsolicited agency resumes/CVs. Please do not forward resumes/CVs to our careers email addresses, Trace3 employees or any other company location. Trace3 is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/CVs.",3.5,"Trace3
3.5","Irvine, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
471,Senior Software Engineer (Data),$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance, and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a senior data engineer at Second Measure, you will be a critical technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines, and enriching transaction data. Your architectural guidance will allow pipelines to run reliably, to process billions of transactions, and to provide daily updates, so that our high-value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Collaborate with data scientists to implement novel data corrections to the data.
Partner with our product team to explore new ways of combining multiple types of data to gain better consumer insights.
Develop high-quality new features (70% hands-on design/coding/development/delivery, 30% mentoring junior engineers on the team).
Proactively identify and remove challenging performance bottlenecks.
About you:
Proven track record (5+ years) delivering high-quality systems built using Scala, Spark, Hive, and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines, event-driven architecture
Experience with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Ability to identify Product MVPs and build fast
Intolerance for sloppy code
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Nice-to-have:
Experience building innovative solutions under flux and constraints
Understanding of FinTech systems
Familiarity with Terraform, Argo Workflows
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
472,Principal Data Scientist - R&D Oncology,$105k-$124k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description / Capsule

The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science & Analytics group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

As a Principal Data Scientist you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will apply and develop your leadership skills and your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include machine learning models for developing digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Typical Accountabilities
Provides advanced quantitative expertise to AstraZeneca projects and researches and recommends appropriate data science solutions, appropriately communicating with a range of stakeholders.
Develops novel data science solutions where off-the-shelf methodologies do not fit.
Leads small (2-3 person) data science projects of defined scope.
Independently keeps own knowledge up to date and learns from senior team members, proposing appropriate training courses for personal development.
Coaches/mentors junior data scientists and others to drive the development of data science as an AZ capability.
Works within established frameworks to deliver a variety of tasks that support projects in meeting their objectives.
Reviews working practices and ensures non-compliant processes are escalated.
Ensures own work is compliant within Clinical Development.
Collaborate in a multidisciplinary environment with world leading clinicians, data scientists, biological experts, statisticians and IT professionals.
Education, Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Essential
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Extensive knowledge of mathematical modelling and statistical modelling techniques, and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills.
Communication, business analysis, and consultancy.
Minimum 5+ years of work experience
Desirable
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.
In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
473,Sr. Scientist,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description*
Join a rapidly growing startup that is developing exciting new life science technologies. Play a critical role in the development and commercialization of products that will unleash the next transformation of genomics!
Responsibilities*
Leads molecular and multidisciplinary R&D projects
Defines timelines and milestones for projects
Design of experiment and hands-on execution
Presents data and finding to scientific experts and management
Closely works with cross functional teams and external collaborators
Supports internal workflow R&D
Qualifications*
PhD in bioengineering, molecular biology, biochemistry, biophysics, or closely related field.
3+ year of relevant scientific industry experience or postdoc equivalent.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities*
Solid scientific understanding and education background for solving DNA based assay development challenges.
Knowledgeable and hands-on experience with standard molecular biology techniques and microscopy.
Working knowledge with nucleic acid amplification (thermal and isothermal), selection technologies, and NGS.
Demonstrated independence with complex multidisciplinary projects.
Proven ability to perform DOEs and use statistical analysis to derive conclusions.
Excellent communicator and presenter (technical and general).
Strong organizational, interpersonal skills, and can-do attitude will be needed in our fast-paced team.
Benefits*
Full medical/dental/vision (100% employer covered)
401K with matching
Paid vacation
\*\*\* *_No Recruiters or unsolicited agency referrals please \*\*\*_*

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Location:
Newark, CA (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Stealth Mode Startup,"Newark, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
474,"Environmental - Geologist, Scientist or Engineer (CAMPUS)",$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Antea USA, Inc. (Antea®Group) is seeking motivated, detail-orientedgraduates for entry level Environmental Scientist, Geologist or Engineer roles forSpring 2021 opportunities in various office locations throughout the United States.

Qualified individuals must have strong organizational and communication skills (both verbal and written), and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment with a strong technical support team. This safety-sensitive position reports to a project manager and will support project teams on a variety of assignments including site remediation activities, technical and safety oversight of subcontractors, permitting, Phase I and Phase II Environmental Site Assessments, and health and safety audit support. Tasks will include preparing work and health and safety plans; conducting soil and groundwater investigations and sampling; remediation system operation and maintenance; data entry, management and analysis; and the preparation of reports in a variety of formats.

This is a full-time position with 70% - 80% of travel anticipated. This may require working alone in remote locations and/or out of state work supporting other company offices.

Antea®Group focuses strongly upon safety in all aspects of our operations, in the field, the office, and while traveling. The successful candidate must likewise consider safety as paramount and demonstrate an awareness of safe operations, and be willing to accommodate long or non-standard work hours on a project by project basis.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and Training
BS in Geology / Hydrogeology / Engineering / Environmental Sciences / Health and Safety or related major
Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel
Minimum 0– 3 years of applicable environmental experience
This position requires a 40-hour HAZWOPER OSHA certification. While current certification is desirable, it is not required to apply. HAZWOPER training will be provided upon employment if the successful candidate(s) is/are not already certified
Experience& Fundamental Skill Set
Strong mechanical, organizational and communication skills
Strong time, project task management, and decision-making skills
Able to work independently, troubleshoot mechanical issues and produce results with attention to details
Ability to multi-task with multiple project managers
Interest and motivation to diversify skill set
Familiarity with state and federal environmental regulatory framework
Potential employees must pass a company-paid physical examination, drug-screen and have a valid driver's license
Physical Requirements / Work Environment - Maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities, which may include the following:

Sedentary to light work (typical office or administrative work)
Frequently required to stand, sit and walk for extended periods of time
Occasional lifting and carrying of low (under 25lbs) to moderate (25-49lbs) weight objects
Repetitive motions: substantial movements (motions) of the wrists, hands, and/or fingers (including reaching)
Subject to inside environmental conditions (protection from weather conditions but not necessarily from temperature change)
Operation of a motor vehicle
Additionally, if you are assigned work in the field at client project sites you will need to complete a medical surveillance/fitness-for-duty examination and maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities which may include the following:

Medium to heavy work
Subject to outside environmental conditions: heat/cold, wind, wet and/or humid, etc.
Occasional stooping (bending body downward and forward), kneeling (bending legs at knee), crouching (bending body downward and forward) and climbing
Frequent lifting (including push/pull, hold/carry) of light, moderate and possibly heavy weight objects
Subject to hazards, including a variety of physical conditions, including but not limited to proximity to moving vehicles, parts or equipment; exposure to chemicals; pressure (including noise); electrical hazards; biological hazards; excavation/trenching; confined spaces; elevated work; materials handling
May be required to wear an air purifying respirator
Antea®Group offers competitive benefits including paid vacation, paid holidays and paid sick leave.

Antea USA, Inc. (Antea®Group) is an EEO/AA Employer

Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity and other protected categories

NO RECRUITERS PLEASE/NO VISA SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME",4.1,"Antea Group
4.1",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
475,Senior Marketing Data Analyst,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Membership Marketing Partners (MMP) is an innovative and fast-growing marketing agency that serves conservative non-profits and non-partisan non-profits in the DC metro and New York markets. We’re looking to hire a mid-senior level Marketing Data Analyst to handle in depth marketing analysis. Candidates should be analytical thinkers, who are comfortable working with large data sets and doing complex analysis, and most importantly converting results into actionable business decisions. Candidates will also need strong communication skills to explain their analysis and win over stakeholder support for their recommendations.

Here are the required qualifications:

· Proven work experience as a Data Analyst

· Strong knowledge of statistical methods and concepts

· 3-5+ years job experience with either political advocacy groups, campaigns, or a marketing agency

· BA/BS degree

· Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel

· Ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere

· Extremely detail-oriented and organized

· Good attitude and work ethic with high personal and professional standards

· Effective Communication skills

Preferred Qualifications:

· Experience with Salesforce CRM or with a membership-based CRM

· Experience with Google Analytics 360

Job Responsibilities:

· Designed and distribute executive dashboards, and campaign performance tracking reports using Excel

· Documenting data structures for input from/outputs to outside data sources.

· Manage the coordination of data collection, analytics, reporting, and insights across all digital marketing channels.

· Develop SQL scripts for analysis and reporting

· Ensure data quality across a variety of reports and monitor incoming data into the platform for accuracy

· Develop customer and prospect profiles, identify new marketing segments and relevant upsell opportunities

· Create actionable data insights for a variety of marketing campaigns

Show us you have what it takes, and we’ll pay you a competitive salary, vacation days, sick days, and health benefits. Please send your resume and cover letter to. Salary commensurate with experience.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to the current pandemic, the option to work remotely can be discussed.

Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.MemberPartners.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.0,"Membership Marketing Partners, LLC
2.0","Alexandria, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
476,Project Manager/Senior Scientist,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Project Manager/Senior Scientist*
Boyle Associates, a subsidiary of CEA, is a full-service environmental consulting firm located on the working waterfront in Portland, Maine. Our staff has extensive experience in meeting client needs of early stage development and preliminary project diligence, support in developing permit applications and obtaining regulatory approvals, and supporting compliance and oversight during construction.
We support our clients on diverse projects in both terrestrial and marine environments. We work on a great variety of projects and this position offers a growth opportunity to the right applicant.

Boyle is seeking applicants for the position of Project Manager/Senior Scientist. This position is assigned to our Portland, Maine office located at 254 Commercial Street and reports to the company
Principal. The successful applicant will help to lead our company’s portfolio of projects and be responsible for managing timelines, the development of technical reports, permit documents, and regulatory applications. Preference given to those with demonstrated permitting experience in our region.

This position will closely coordinate with all Boyle staff and other companies that are part of the CEA family. Specific duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Successfully leads projects through completion and implements standards and processes for quality assurance and quality control of all project deliverables; Coordinate field efforts and technical studies to implement a well-managed process serving the diverse needs of our clients; Analyze current business processes and document control requirements; Facilitate collection and delivery of environmental data and use analytical/planning tools; Continually seek to improve practices to add quality and value in support of Boyle’s growth and practice goals while identifying and eliminating unnecessary and redundant actions.

MINIMUM ENTRANCE REQUIREMENTS: Applicants must have at least (A) six (6) years of full-time professional, administrative, supervisory, or managerial experience in business administration, business management, public administration, public management, clinical administration or clinical management of which (B) at least two (2) years must have been in a project management, supervisory or managerial capacity working as a consultant in the New England market. This is in addition to the following;

 Willingness to learn and a positive attitude
 Ability to thrive is a fast paced and variable work environment.
 Ability to travel and work extended hours during the field season.
 Experience leading teams and overseeing and ensuring work quality of others.
 Experience using full suite of Microsoft office tools (Project, Excel, etc.)
 Ability to effectively manage data and develop organize file structures.
 Willing and capable of working as part of a team.
 Able to develop and implement complex analytical decision making under pressure.

If you are interested in joining our team please submit a resume and cover letter. Please mention the position you are applying for in your cover letter and include salary requirements. Send resume to

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Experience:
Environmental Permitting/Project Management: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location",4.5,"Boyle Associates, a subsidiary of CEA
4.5","Portland, ME",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
477,Food Scientist,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Location:
Marlborough, Massachusetts, US
Job Category:
General/Other: R&D/Science, New Product R&D
Job Type:

Employee

Job Posted:
September 18th, 2020

SUMMARY

Ken’s Foods is seeking a Food Scientist for our Marlborough, MA location. This position will plan, organize, and execute technical projects. Provide technical leadership and participate in product development/reformulation from concept to commercialization. Support other development projects, operations and related activities.

Summary of Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Responsible for the development of: new products based on interaction/direction from Sales and Marketing and formula revisions (including cost reductions) of existing products.
Interaction with internal departments and outside vendors as projects dictate.
Participates in all aspects of the scale-up process (includes pre-production notes, hands-on supervision of plant trials, shelf-life evaluations, and coordination of product data to QC).
Commitment to safety begins with management. Managers and frontline supervisors are accountable for creating and maintaining a culture of Safety and assuring a safe work environment.
Other duties as assigned.
FOOD SAFETY RESPONSIBILITIES
Lead by example to ensure our highest quality manufacturing practices are being met.
Ensure team members follow all Ken's Food Safety and GMP policies.
Ensure all work is completed in a safe and sanitary manner.
Ensure team members produce product free of contamination.
Ensure team members report any suspicious activities anywhere in or around the plant.
Ensure team members inspect work area for any possible product contamination issues on a continuous basis.
Qualifications/Requirements:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Education and/or Experience

Bachelor's degree (B. S.) from four-year College or University (specializing in Food Science); a minimum of two years related experience and/or training in a related field.

Employment with Ken's Foods is contingent upon successful completion of a drug test, background screening, and pre-employment assessment.

Apply

Back
New Search

Didn't find what you were looking for?

FacebookTwitterEmailShare",3.8,"Ken's Foods
3.8","Marlborough, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
478,Scientist/Study Director,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scientist/Study Director
Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Mpls - Minneapolis, MN
Education Level
4 Year Degree
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Research
Description
Provides scientific support and leadership to clients and other scientific staff in the conduct of GLP and non-GLP research studies, including study design development, managing the execution of study conduct, collecting, analyzing and interpreting data, utilization of technology, and study report writing.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Biological Sciences or related discipline required.
At least two years experience in a study director role in a preclinical/animal laboratory environment.
Strong working knowledge of AAALAC, USDA and GLP regulations and preclinical testing facility operations and procedures.
Excellent technical writing and computer software skills.
Must be able to clearly speak, write, read, and understand English",2.6,"American Preclinical Services
2.6","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
479,SAP Materials Master Data Analyst - Temp,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"This is a 6 month temporary assignment.

The Mizuho OSI Way

In 1978, we set out to change the way patients undergo surgery. As a Mizuho OSI customer, you can expect our commitment to the following…

We commit to your satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, we will strive to make it right.

We do things the right way. We commit to hire people with competence, generosity and a caring attitude. We motivate our employees to use their individual strengths to provide creative solutions, changes, and innovations. We anticipate your needs through customer experiences, thus nurturing our relationships.

Collectively, this creates an environment that enables and inspires healthcare professionals to improve the lives of patients.

Dare to go further. Care to do more.

TOP REASONS TO JOIN THE MIZUHO OSI TEAM
Privately held company with a tradition of market leadership and best-in-class innovation
Fast-paced entrepreneurial culture focused on dramatically improving patient outcomes through personal empowerment
Emphasis on continuous improvement and celebration of our values of R.E.S.P.E.C.T. and the Mizuho Way.
Create innovative solutions designed and manufactured at our HQ in Northern California
POSITION OVERVIEW
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 1 to 2 full life cycle SAP implementations and have participated or have led roles in blueprint activities, creating SOP, work instructions and training users to maintenance and sustain the master data. In addition be a savvy self-directed and capable individual who’s accustomed to delivering time critical work products.
Bachelor's degree in business, and or in systems applications such as SAP Modules or equivalent work experience
Experience with full life cycle SAP implementations
Formal training or experience with ASAP implementation methodology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
We are looking for you, if you have the ability to:
Hold meetings on Material Master and Item Master Data Management.
Assist with refining Business Process Design for Item Material Master including tactical MDM process.
Coordinate with functional disciplines in OPS/SCM and their IT counterparts.
Identify MDM Classifications of data and assist with identifying local data attributes.
Assist with the MDM governance model, including documenting processes with identified data owners, master process owners and SAP module owners.
Assist with identifying KPIs to improve quality and productivity.
Assist with workflows within MDM tool.
Here is what you will do day-to-day
Analyze business process requirements, design a solution approach in close collaboration with business teams
Write functional specifications and advise business teams of feasible solution designs
Work with IT in unit test efforts and with business in regression test efforts
Deliver BPP and solution documentation for implemented solutions
Work with functional teams (SD, MM, PP, FICO, QM)
Application Configuration and Support
Support SAP modules to meet business needs.
Unit test SAP software applications, including customizations and interfaces
Application Analysis and Design
Assist SAP users analyze and identify business process requirements.
Develop SAP functional application designs and specifications, individually or collaboratively.
Work as a member of cross-functional teams and add value by providing a technical perspective.
Guide Application Developers by recommending ways to design and unit-test applications. (SAP - PLM)
Change Management and Support
Provide QA function by reviewing/testing developer’s work.
Guide users in integrated testing, conference room pilot activities and applications startup activities.
Facilitate the process of change by clarifying new procedures and training system users.
Project Management and Control
Manage small projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables
Direct project resources and/or recommend and create internal development procedures and methodologies.
Understand scope and planned estimates of undertaken activities and manage actual time relative to the planned estimates.
Problem Solving:
Plays a key role in the Order to Cash team in the full project lifecycle, from the business blueprint of the project to post support.
Works with business analysts, business SMEs and various process owners to analyze their requirements: prepare and participate in workshops, requirement documentation, functional specifications and configuration documentation.
Provides support for Data extraction, data cleansing and loading
Works closely with IT resources for non-standard SAP objects.
Supports the development of test scripts and provide process expertise during test execution.
Assists and supports training document creation.
Finalizes the MDM configuration element s and triggers and support the solution after implementation.
Understand, follow and support Mizuho OSI’s internal Quality System policies, procedures and work instructions including but not limited to applicable external regulations (21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 820 Quality System Regulations and applicable International Standards).
What you will need to be successful in this role:
A minimum of 5 years of SAP process and configuration experience in Sales & Distribution, Materials Management, Production Planning and Quality Management modules and MDM.
Experience in at least 2 full life cycle implementations of SAP.
Experience in supporting all phases of SAP project life cycle including blueprint, design, build, test, deployment and support.
Experience in developing blueprint documentation, functional designs, test plans and scenarios as well as executing the tests.
Experience in and data validations during testing and implementation
Strong knowledge/experience in 1 additional SAP module is a must.
Experience with integration testing and implementation.
Thorough business understanding of Supply Chain processes.
Familiarity with SAP architecture.
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express complex business concepts in technical terms.
Strong analytical, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to work well on cross functional project teams.
Experience in the construction and distribution industry.
What you need to be prepared for:

The physical demands are representative of those needed to perform the essential functions of the job in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

NOTE: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties or functions to be performed by the incumbent. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties/functions requested by their supervisor.",3.7,"Mizuho OSI
3.7","Union City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
480,Clinical Data Analyst- RN,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Title: Clinical Data Analyst

City, State: Nashville, TN

Location: 20th Avenue Bldg

Department: Total Quality Management 002

Additional Job Details: Full-Time, Day

Why Join Ascension?

What Ascension Saint Thomas has to offer:

Power of Purpose:

For us, work is more than the place we go each day. It’s an environment that nurtures relationships, connects talent, and understands patients. Our innovative spirit impacts and influences the community that we serve.

Culture of Teamwork:

We encourage diversity of talents while offering the support of a multi-disciplinary team.

Professional Development:

By supporting our associates and their professional development, we ultimately enhance the care and services we provide to the community. Through this development, our associates find new opportunities for career advancement.

Compensation/Benefits:

Ascension Saint Thomas provides a competitive compensation package inclusive of a wide range of flexible benefit options. We support work-life balance through generous paid time off and encourage spirituality in the workplace.

Innovative Environment:

We are a progressive, stable company with 120 years of experience in delivering world-class personalized care. At Ascension Saint Thomas, we are actively trying new solutions to help overcome some of healthcare’s toughest challenges.

Ascension Saint Thomas is the leading faith-based health care system in Tennessee and is a part of Ascension, the largest non-profit health system in the U.S. and the world's largest Catholic health system. We are committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable.

What You Will Do

Ascension Saint Thomas is looking for an RN who is passionate about analytics. As a Clinical Data Analyst at Saint Thomas you will gather and interpret data from a variety of sources (e.g., the electronic health record, billing claims, cost reports, and patient satisfaction surveys) to help improve the quality of care, lower the cost of care, and enhance the patient experience. You will work closely with our Nursing Teams and will need a background in Acute Care Nursing.

Responsibilities:
Compiles analytical and statistical reports using reporting tools and platforms. Including, SQL, Tableau and/or QLIK Sense.
Formulates, defines and recommends scope and format of reports.
Collaborates within clinical workgroups to conduct data-oriented opportunity assessments.
Facilitates performance improvement data sessions and presents findings to stakeholders.
Oversees provision of ad hoc management reports.
Reviews information for accuracy and updates or reconciles data on a regular basis.
Acts as an analytics project expert to ensure all information required is gathered, accurate and complete to support data initiatives.
Identifies, reports and resolves data quality issues, related to uniqueness, integrity, accuracy, consistency, and completeness in a timely fashion.
Collaborates with the Data Governance Committee and Product Development Workgroup to develop data products.
What You Will Need

Education:
Diploma
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Bachelor's Degree is highly preferred.
BSN a plus
Work Experience:
3 years of Clinical experience required
RN experience highly preferred
Technology Needed:
Experience in sql and Tableau
Equal Employment Opportunity

Saint Thomas Health Services complies with all applicable federal and state laws prohibiting discrimination in hiring or employment practices on the basis of citizenship, race, color, religion, gender, age, national and ethnic origin, disability, or veteran status.

No question or item on this application for employment is intended to secure information to be used for such discrimination. Information obtained through this application will be used solely to determine qualifications and suitability for employment. This application will be valid for a period of 90 days from date of completion.

Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Saint Thomas Health participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Nashville, TN",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
481,Business Intelligence Analyst,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Blucora has a bold aspiration: we are committed to giving all people the tools needed to lead healthy financial lives - tools often reserved for the wealthy.

We now turn to the next leg, developing the technological tools that make our vision of financial health for all a reality. Atypical for the financial services industry, we take a contemporary approach to strategy and product development that is founded in user insights, rapid testing and a singular focus on driving end-user value.

Since charting new territory on a daily basis is part of everyone's job at Blucora, we've attracted team members who thrive on the challenge, encourage each other, and are passionately committed to the goal. If you agree that problem- solving is a team sport, and feel energized by a good debate, deep dive research, or a fun night out with colleagues, we might be the right firm for you!

Position Summary

The Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for measuring performance, analyzing customer behavior and trends, and delivering interactive reports to the business to enhance data-driven decisions.

Essentials Duties & Responsibilities

The major responsibilities of the position are listed below. To perform the job successfully, the individual must be able to execute each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Ability to navigate multiple business lines and draw holistic insights from the tax and wealth management business.
Analyze large data sets of structured, semi-structured unstructured data to discover data insights and collaborate with business partners to deliver business value.
Ability to read and write complex SQL queries for both ad-hoc and dashboard use.
Advanced data visualization (Tableau) and dash-boarding skills to support business decisions, provide recommendations, and evaluate business performance.
Ability to design interactive visualizations that enhance analytics storytelling and communicate business performance.
Prepare and effectively present your findings to business stakeholders, including executive management in a concise fashion.
Support ad hoc business studies/reporting; inform segmentation, territory management, and initiative reporting.
Other job duties as defined.
Education & Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Management, Accounting, Economics, Statistics, information science, or similar required.
Minimum of 3 years of proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information.
Required advanced experience using analytics/visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics).
Strong ability to read and write SQL.
Some knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, R, SAS, SPSS, etc.).
Big data analytics experience is desired.
Ability to work independently as well as partner with others and work well within a team.
Strong organizational and time management skills; ability to adhere to deadlines.
Comprehensive Benefits

We offer a competitive salary, outstanding benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, life insurance, paid vacation and sick days, paid holidays, tuition reimbursement, and 401(k) with company match.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, or disability.

At Blucora, we believe our work benefits from the diverse perspectives of our employees. As such, Blucora welcomes and celebrates diversity and inclusion and is committed to equal opportunity employment. At Blucora, you can expect a supportive, open and inclusive atmosphere and a team that values your contributions.

Blucora, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Avantax Wealth Management, HK Financial Services, and TaxAct are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and any other status protected under federal or state law. Blucora, considers information gathered in the hiring process, including information on this application, confidential, and only shares it on a need-to know basis or as required by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at HR@Blucora.com or by calling 972-870-6000 to speak with a member of the HR Talent Acquisition team.",3.3,"Blucora
3.3","Dallas, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
482,Senior Data Scientist,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy-to-use platforms and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry leader today, and in the future of online food ordering.
We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process!
Why Work For Us
We have a fast-paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you - and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery!
More About the Role:
Grubhub is looking for a data scientist to join the Pricing team. As a part of Pricing, you’ll be a member of a small team of data scientists and engineers who shape and optimize how we charge our diners, shaping hundreds of millions in revenue annually. You will work closely both with financial stakeholders as well as engineers to ship models that make Grubhub more efficient with the way in which it charges customers. You’ll construct models and A/B tests as well as write code to improve our modeling capabilities.

Prototype and ship large-scale models that help drive profit or order volume
Conduct A/B experiments to validate the effectiveness of these models
Work closely with financial stakeholders to construct models that drive business goals
Leverage big data tools to incorporate new data sources into modeling pipelines
Work closely with data scientists and backend engineers to implement and maintain your changes

MS with 5+ years of relevant industry experience or PhD in computer science, engineering, statistics, machine learning, mathematics, or in another quantitative field
Experience shipping changes to a production environment
Comfortable with using git, basic Linux commands, and object-oriented programming languages (Scala, Java, Python)
Experience performing analysis with large-scale SQL tooling (Presto, BigQuery, etc.)
Familiarity with basic AWS tools like EC2 and S3
Excellent communication and data presentation skills
Effective working in a fast-paced team environment
Preferred Qualifications
Demonstrated ability to work on cross-functional teams
Experience making high-impact decisions (multiple millions of dollars)
Ability to comprehend and debug complex systems that might cross team and tool boundaries across the company

Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries.
Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well-being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company-wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4-week returnship program, and 6-8 weeks paid medical leave.
Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs.
MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company-wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together.
Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee-led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing-eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more!
Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them.

Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the U.S. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhub.com.",3.9,"Grubhub
3.9","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
483,Data Analyst,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Published Job Title:
Data Analyst - Service Operations

Location:
BRKFD-Brookfield

Position:
MAF006-Data Analyst

Job Summary::

Milwaukee Tool's service experience is a customer expectation and a competitive advantage. As Service grows larger and faster and is more data-driven, we are seeking a Data Analyst to support our operations and innovations.

This position will be tightly integrated with all operational and commercial aspects of Service, as well as its support functions like Finance, Supply Chain, and others. In addition to creating and deploying ""single source of truth"" analytics, this role will use its knowledge of the Service business and operations to accurately articulate past and present performance, project future activities and results, identify new business and operational opportunities, and provide early warning of issues or concerns. As such, we want a Data Analyst who is business savvy, detail oriented, entrepreneurial, and who won't allow the status-quo to impede on innovation.

The ideal candidate will be able to demonstrate experience in:
Effectively communicating and interacting with business and technical personnel in evaluating and solving complex business problems.
Reviewing historical results and trends, current performance, and future projections and forecasts to develop clear, accurate, and repeatable business models.
Analyzing and researching opportunities for improvement, and clearly documenting action steps for desired change.
Interacting with multiple locations, business units, and cross-functional teams to drive consistency and standardization across the enterprise.
Leveraging both new and existing technologies to create reports, dashboards, scorecards, and visualizations that clearly measure KPIs. Teaching end-users how to interpret and use to maximum effect.
Working with the end users to understand requirements, formulate use cases, and translate needs into effective solutions.
Education and experience requirements:
Requires a Bachelor's Degree in mathematics, statistics, computer/data science, supply chain, or economics.
Minimum 1 years' experience working with data warehouses, data visualization techniques, & BI development tools.
Experience working in service or manufacturing environments is preferred.
Expert-level knowledge of Microsoft Suite, including Excel, VBA, & PowerPivot.
Advanced-level knowledge of SQL Server and relational data.
Experience with programming and computing languages; Power BI & R preferred.
Functional knowledge of corporate finances.
Oral and written communication skills for presentations to all levels of plant and management teams.
Occasional travel will be required, up to 10%-15%. Travel is generally domestic and short durations. Destinations can include Milwaukee Tool facilities as well as customer and supplier locations
Minimum Requirements::

Shift::
1st Shift

Full/Part Time:
Full-time

Pay Range::",4.6,"Milwaukee Tool
4.6","Brookfield, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1924,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
484,Data Engineer,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer

\*Must be a US Citizen living in the DC Metro area.
Description*
The Data Engineer is primarily responsible for designing data ontologies for a variety of data types and developing data pipelines for unstructured, semi-structured, and structured data into a centralized data repository. The Data Engineer will support the processing of new datasets into the data repository and perform various development activities to keep pace with the increasing amount of data being ingested and analyzed.
Responsibilities*
• Develop data pipelines for ingesting structured and unstructured data into a centralized data repository for storage and analysis.
• Design entity relationship diagrams for different types of data.
• Contribute to the on-going design and development of the data repository architecture as new datasets are incorporated.
Requirements*
• 2+ years of relevant experience
• Strong programming skills in one or more programming languages (e.g. Python, Golang).
• Strong scripting skills (e.g. Bash).
• Experience developing data pipelines.
• Experience designing Entity Relationship (ER) diagrams.
• Experience working with a variety of databases (e.g. SQL, Elasticsearch, Neo4j).

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: Up to $200,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
Multiple locations
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.excygent.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Excygent, LLC","Reston, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
485,Data Scientist,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Waymo, we're focused on bringing self-driving technology to the world. Our mission is to make it safe and easy for people and things to move around. Today, our driverless cars are serving our first customers with no drivers behind the wheel. To experience our self-driving technology, see this 360-degree video.

In this data science role, you will:
Safety evaluation is of fundamental importance to Waymo, and measuring it is subtle. This role works with a wide variety of teams across the company (onboard software engineering, product, safety, systems engineering) to evaluate the driving and safety performance of Waymo's self driving car. This is based on a wide variety of data from real and simulated driving from Waymo's self-driving system as well as from external data sources.
The Planner Team is responsible for ""motion planning"" for the self driving car. This includes gracefully handling many complex situations involving social interactions (merging, negotiating narrow roads, etc), while dealing with a noisy and uncertain environment. Evaluation of this onboard decision-making system is a complex, open-ended problem with tremendous potential impact. The quality of the road maneuvers we execute is subjective, contextual, and geometrically subtle, and evaluation needs apply to a wide variety of conditions with an extremely long tail.
Additionally:
Analysis and improvement of existing data sources and metrics
Development of novel approaches to measuring and improving
Self-driving performance (either generally, or for motion planning specifically)
Collaborate with engineers and other data scientists to evaluate and improve core
Waymo technologies, with a focus on bringing statistical depth, general analytical rigor, and accurate causal interpretation of data.
We'd like you to have:
PhD in statistics, math, or other quantitative area
Progressive statistics background either in academia or industry
Data science and system evaluation experience
Willingness to understand a complex system and its various components
Experience with tools for manipulating big data
Experience with R/Python and statistical libraries
It's preferred if you have experience in:
Experience with C++
Familiarity with Spark/MapReduce
Training or interest in geometry or classical physics",2.9,"Waymo
2.9","Mountain View, CA",-1,Unknown,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
486,Head of Real-World Data Science,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Genesis Research is an international healthcare consultancy providing end-to-end value evidence strategy, development, and communication services to Life Sciences companies. We are looking for an individual with demonstrated leadership, biopharma industry experience, and strong methodological skills to lead a growing team epidemiologists and RWE scientists. Our RWE-S team has seen exceptional growth and success in providing holistic and comprehensive support to Life Science organizations. The professional leading this team must possess and demonstrate a passion for innovative research, maintain accountability for all RWE deliverables, develop RWE scientists and research teams. This person must understand the needs of clients’ internal and external stakeholders and leverage this understanding to suggest and design value-added, fit-for-purpose research approaches. This role reports to the Chief Scientific Officer. Location: Hoboken, NJ, USA, although remote locations may be considered. Local and international travel of up to 20% is required.


Accountabilities within this role:
• Be the Genesis Research Authority on study design, methodology, and result interpretation for all RWE Deliverables
• Lead, manage, and ensure maximum utilization of a team of epidemiologists and health services researchers charged with designing, implementing, and managing a wide range of studies assess the distribution, patterns and determinants of health and disease conditions and examine access to and the use, costs, quality, delivery, organization, and outcomes of health care.
• Create, update, and maintain Methodological and Scientific Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) that RWE teams will follow
• Support Client Managers with execution and delivery of high-priority and highvisibility studies as a Client-facing subject matter expert
• Provide training, oversight, and guidance for new and current members of the Epidemiology team
• Ensure that the Epidemiology team members are aware of and understand RWD data sources, their strengths and limitations, and statistical software when designing studies
• Manage team capacity in concert with Client Management needs
• Motivate teams during periods of high demand

Qualifications:
▪ Master’s degree, MD or PhD within a relevant discipline (Epidemiology, Public Health, Statistics)
▪ 10+ years of consulting, industry, or academic experience
▪ Experience generating and interpreting real-world and observational research required
▪ Excellent verbal and written communication skills
▪ Proficiency in relevant software such as MS office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) and statistical packages
▪ Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail
▪ Enthusiasm to learn and motivation to develop oneself and others within Genesis Research
▪ Flexibility to adapt to client project needs in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial workplace

Compensation:
Competitive salary
Performance-related bonus C
ompany-matched 401k plan
Medical/dental benefits

Genesis Research is an equal opportunity employer.",4.6,"Genesis Research
4.6","Hoboken, NJ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
487,Data Engineer,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"About MasterControl:

MasterControl Inc. is a leading provider of cloud-based quality and compliance software for life sciences and other regulated industries. Our mission is the same as that of our customers to bring life-changing products to more people sooner. The MasterControl Platform helps organizations digitize, automate and connect quality and compliance processes across the regulated product development life cycle. Over 1,000 companies worldwide rely on MasterControl solutions to achieve new levels of operational excellence across product development, clinical trials, regulatory affairs, quality management, supply chain, manufacturing and postmarket surveillance. For more information, visitwww.mastercontrol.com.

Summary

At MasterControl we are building our next generation data platform that will leverage AI/ML techniques to help redefine how our customers bring lifesaving and lifechanging products to market. To enable this, we need your help building our data pipeline, DataMart and data lake.

You will be responsible for implementing the data life cycle consumption from the data source to the end model. By gathering requirements from Product, you will transform data in near real-time which will be consumable by AI model training, business intelligence analytic tools, and self-service platforms. You will need a strong emphasis on data modeling, as well as proficiency in data transformation. You will be responsible for integration into the CI/CD pipeline as well as unit and integration testing of all processes. You will need experience with structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data sources. You will need a bachelor's degree in a STEM related field, or equivalent experience. You will have some work experience with and a passion for Big Data.

Responsibilities
Pull data from all customer databases into S3 and put into a queryable format
Model the data for optimal performance (ETL, star-schema like, ORC, partitioning, etc ...)
Pull data from a real-time streaming architecture (Kafka) and do near-real-time aggregations andprojections of the data, storing the results in S3
Help automate the provisioning of AWS Lake Formations, EMR/Spark/S3 and other services in AWS
Analyze data to find patterns worthy to expose to the end-user
Help tie corporate data to customer data from an OLTP store
Help us discover ways to use Big Data technologies in a Machine Learning pipeline (discover, clean, label, train, test)
Other assigned duties
Preferred Skills
Scala/Python/SQL/Java
Apache Spark with EMR and/or other Big Data tools
Kafka Streams experience is big plus
Airflow experience is a plus
Big Data Mindset (Spark/Hive/Hadoop/HCatalog/Hudi). Understanding of the Big Data landscape.
Warehouse Architectures (Star Schema/Snowflake/Vaults/Lakes)
Familiarity with AWS and Cloud Formation or Terraform
Data Modelling
ETL Best Practices
Passionate about creatively solving business problems.
Effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
The ability to non-emotionally coach and mentor others.
The ability to not participate in 'techno-arrogant' conversation.
Meet multiple, challenging deadlines while communicating expectations clearly.
Physical Demands and Working Conditions
Must be able to work well with people.
Ability to operate a computer and work at a desk for extended periods of time.
Ability to communicate effectively in writing, in person, over the telephone and in e-mail.
Why Work Here?

#WhyWorkAnywhereElse

#ExceptionalTeamCulture

MasterControl is a place where Exceptional Teams come together to do their best work. Hiring Exceptional Teams, including the best talent in our industry, is a core value of ours. MasterControl employees are surrounded by intelligent, motivated individuals every day. We like to call it #TheBestTeamOnThePlanet.

We value every employee and their contribution to what makes MasterControl successful. We give right back to the employee through a generous benefits package, great flexibility, and continuous opportunities for advancement.

Not only do we hire Exceptional Teams, but we work hard to keep them here by developing and challenging their skillsets, encouraging professional development and growth, and offering a culture that can't be found elsewhere. Which is why we say - #WhyWorkAnywhereElse?

To put it simply, working at MasterControl is fun, challenging, and rewarding. From our Fitness Clubs to our awards programs, from our company parties to our competitive benefits, you can't really go wrong. MasterControl could be your next (and last) career move!

We are growing quickly and always looking for talented individuals to add to #TheBestTeamOnThePlanet!

Here are some of the benefits MasterControl employees enjoy:
Generous PTO package of three weeks, increasing after just three years of employment
Competitive compensation with annual merit increase reviews
100% medical premium coverage (yes, you read that right!)
Dental/Vision Plans
401k Plan
Employer Paid Life Insurance Policy ($50K)
Great Flexibility
Wellness Programs (every employee gets a Fitbit!)
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.8,"MasterControl
3.8","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
488,"Principal Scientist, Technical Services (I)",$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

The Nature's Bounty Co. is a privately held, global leader in health and wellness with a rich history and proven track record in the nutritional market. As a manufacturer, marketer and online seller of vitamins, dietary supplements, minerals, herbals, protein bars and powders, and ethical beauty products, our purpose is to create a happier, healthier world using the power of science and nature. The brands of The Nature's Bounty Co. are some of the most trusted in the world including Nature's Bounty®, Pure Protein®, Solgar®, Osteo Bi-Flex®, Sundown®, Body Fortress®, MET-Rx® and Ester-C®.

Inclusion and Diversity in the workplace matters at The Nature’s Bounty Co. This includes being focused on retaining and recruiting a diverse workforce and building a culture of inclusivity. Our goal is to create a place where people feel respected, valued and able to bring their authentic selves to work each day.

Did we mention that we also offer excellent benefits, competitive compensation and a progressive, healthy company culture? If you’ve ever spent your workdays watching the clock, you know how important a positive work environment is for a person’s well-being. The Nature’s Bounty Co. is committed to supporting wellness in all forms. And when it comes to wellness, nature is a pretty good place to start.

Job Description

The Principal Technical Services Scientist will work closely with multi-functional teams to help improve current products, address manufacturing issues, evaluate new technologies and/or ingredients, seek cost savings and maintain networks of external partners. Adherence to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s) and current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP’s) is required. Project goals are accomplished with the supervision of the support Supply Chain technicians and scientists.

Responsibilities include:

Leads meetings and cross-functional teams to make sure key deliverables related to Technical Services projects are delivered in a timely manner.
Leads scale up strategies, and qualifies and transfers technologies/processes to other internal manufacturing sites, or externally.
Lead and organize the Technical Services team, in the absence of the Manager or Director.
Defines and implements solutions for assigned tasks, balancing achievement of milestones with high quality standards.
Provides technical leadership to manufacturing including but not limited to formulation or process improvements, formulation globalization, cost savings initiatives, and trouble shooting.
Formulates nutritional supplement products in various forms in support of manufacturing.
Performs comprehensive, sophisticated and critical evaluation of own data and data from other scientists.
Looks for innovative and better ways of doing things. Actively looks to eliminate non-value added steps of processes and procedures.
Negotiates timeline commitments among other team members such that agreed objectives and timings for completion of activities are achieved. Rapidly communicates major changes to project plans to manager/director.
Explores and shares new scientific information, technologies, products and processes with the Science and Technology community. Builds awareness of developments outside of NBCo. through attendance/presentations at trade associations or scientific meetings.
Leads external collaborations with suppliers, academia and other professional bodies.

Qualifications

7+ years experience in the hands-on development and characterization of solid dose formulations, including tablet, capsules, liquids, soft gels and gummies or the equivalent experience.
1-3 years experience with leading cross-functional teams, laboratory activities, qualification processes, technology transfers, Quality by Design, and/or Operational Excellence tools.
3-5 years experience working with processing/manufacturing equipment and implementing process optimization and/or cost saving projects.
Leadership, discipline and self-disciplined.
Good project management skills.
Strong data analysis and written and verbal reports.
Excellent communication and problem-solving abilities, excellent organizational, and interpersonal skills.
Ability to interact well in multi-functional teams, and in fostering a team approach to achieving project goals.
Bachelor's Degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Pharmaceutical Science, or related.
Master's Degree desired.

Additional Information

The Nature's Bounty Co. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

The Nature's Bounty Co. offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package, which includes health and dental plans, voluntary short-term and long-term disability, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, generous associate discounts and more!

Please contact Human Resources at 631-244-2120 if you should need a reasonable accommodation to submit your information for our online job postings.",2.9,"The Nature’s Bounty Co
2.9","Bohemia, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1971,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
489,HF Senior Engineer/Scientist,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"WR has a potential need of a Sr HF Engineer/Scientist to assist with prototype development, subsystem modeling and simulation, system level analysis and oversight of customer projects.

Position responsibilities will include, but are not limited to the following:
Provides technical expertise in a discipline in support of high frequency (HF) radar research and development, with specific subject matter expertise in one of the following disciplines, radio-frequency (RF) and electronic engineering, tracking and data fusion, or radio wave propagation.
Working in a lab environment to implement RF sub-system solutions, to verify simulated performance or in support of prototype development and field test work.
Provides oversight, guidance and technical advice on customer projects involving RF systems, which might include hardware, data processing, tracking and track fusion or HF propagation aspects.
A combination of unique design work, test and evaluation, and simulation to verify 3rd party contractor designs and approaches.
Supports broader department level work that may involve digital processing related work and overall system performance.
Works with other engineers as a team member in solving problems. Interfacing with program office and government personnel required.
Interest in working with experts in the fields of HF radar, signal processing, electromagnetics.
Candidates must possess the following knowledge, skills, and experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, physics or a related technical discipline from a recognized institution.
Advanced Degree preferred.
Experience performing analysis in support of RF or electronic system design, or an aspect of data processing of such a system.
Proficiency with a variety of popular engineering development tools such as Matlab, C, C++, Fortran; JAVA or Python is desirable.
Experience working in a laboratory environment, working with RF hardware and familiar with RF testing equipment such as network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, signal generators and power meters is desired.
Active Secret Security Clearance required.

*This position is contingent upon funding*

WR is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and is committed to diversity in our workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, citizenship status, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, veterans’ status, or any additional factors that are protected by law. Please see https://wrsystems.com/our-responsibility/ for more information.

Required Skills

Required Experience

Job Location
Fairfax, US-VA",3.7,"WR Systems
3.7","Fairfax, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
490,Scientist/Senior Scientist - In Vitro Pharmacology,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sai Life Sciences is looking for Scientists and Senior Scientists of In Vitro Pharmacology for our Cambridge, MA location. For immediate consideration, candidates should apply via the link in this job posting.
Sai Life Sciences Summary: *
Sai Life Sciences delivers scientific expertise with a greater purpose – to impact tomorrow’s healthcare by creating medicines for today’s incurable maladies. We work with leading innovative pharma and biotech companies to accelerate the discovery, development and manufacture of complex small molecules for a healthier tomorrow. Our vision is to support our global innovator partners and bring 25 new medicines to life by 2025.
What You Will Be Doing: *
These roles will work collaboratively with members of the Sai biology group and will interface with our biopharma clients. The Scientist/Senior Scientist will also assist with and sometimes take the lead on the design, development, and implementation of in vitro experiments to address the unique needs of our individual partners with the goal to build lasting business relationships. These positions report to the VP of Global Biology and are located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Duties/Responsibilities: *
Analyze assay readouts and statistical analysis

Solve complex problems, independently troubleshoot and deliver results in a fast-paced environment

Effectively work in team environment across multiple projects

Mentor Research Associates and entry-level Scientists

Set appropriate timelines and expectations for self in regards to projects and experiments

Be responsible for the integrity and quality of data developed from experiments

Demonstrated adaptability and desire to learn new skills and core competencies
Required Qualifications: *
Proven experience developing biochemical assays and adapting established assays for higher throughput applications

Extensive practical enzymology, biochemistry, and molecular biology knowledge

Experience in medium-throughput screening methodologies and automation

Experience in in vitro assays against diverse targets using multiple detection modalities

Hands-on experience with mammalian cell culture and cell-based assays

Strong interpersonal and collaboration skills with clear and effective communication skills to build positive relationships with our partners

Deep sense of scientific excellence and integrity
Preferred Qualifications: *
B.S. with 10+ years or M.S/Ph.D. with 5+ years of relevant experience preferably in bio-pharmaceutical/ life science industry

Experience in oncology, immunology, or neuroscience

Experience in stem cell biology and/or 3D cell culture

Hands-on experience with flow cytometry to analyze immune cells

Experience with high content microscopy and genetic target modulation (siRNA, shRNA, CRISPR)
Physical Requirements: *
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk, standing in a lab and working on a computer.

Ability to safely travel to various physical locations.

Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times.
What Sai Can Offer You: *
Competitive salary to commensurate with experience

Annual bonus

100% Company-paid medical, dental, vision, life, AD & D, short-term and long-term disability insurance

401(k) plan and a large company match

Generous time off for vacations and sick time

Paid holidays

Free onsite parking

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Location:
Cambridge, MA 02139 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
What is your current location? Please list city and state.
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Company's website:
www.sailife.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.4,"Sai Life Sciences
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
491,Business Data Analyst (Remote/Virtual),$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

Do you have healthcare analytics experience? Are you a SQL guru? This is the opportunity for YOU!!!

Join a team where you can grow and develop your career along with helping to transform healthcare! The ideal candidate will be comfortable working on the most complex, high visibility projects to bring structure and alignment to the overall solution.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to serve as a key resource/SME in developing and delivering quality solutions to support business processes. Our goal is to improve our data offerings through consolidation and modernization of our data and platforms, while continuing to build our data expertise.

Responsibilities:
Participation in delivering projects using SDLC and Agile methodologies preferred.
Experience with fully adjudicated Medical and Rx claims, Premium, Provider, and/or Supplemental data highly preferred. Medicare Advantage experience is a plus.
1-3 years of project management experience preferred.
SQL, Python or similar programming languages are a plus.
Knowledge of GCP (Google Cloud Platform) a plus.
Knowledge of Source to Target mappings preferred.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field preferred.
Experience:
3 years of experience required.
3-5 years of experience in data analysis management and/or decision support analytics strongly preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

This employer participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify links below for more information.

eVerify

Right to Work",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
492,ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEER/SCIENTIST,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"McPhail Associates, LLC is a geotechnical and geoenvironmental engineering consulting firm located in Cambridge, Massachusetts within walking distance of Davis Square. We are currently seeking an entry to mid-level environmental engineer/scientist. The successful candidate will work with a dedicated team of geotechnical and geoenvironmental engineers, geologists and scientists on projects involving environmental due diligence, environmental regulatory compliance, subsurface explorations, and the assessment and remediation of soil and groundwater impacted by oil and hazardous materials. McPhail Associates offers a robust benefits package and opportunity for advancement.
Responsibilities:
Preparation of ASTM Phase I and II Environmental Site Assessments.
Preparation of dewatering permit applications.
Preparation of state and federal regulatory compliance reports.
Preparation of chemical testing data tables.
Preparation of soil disposal pre-characterization reports and soil disposal facility profiles.
Planning and executing subsurface explorations.
Sampling of soil, groundwater, soil gas, and indoor air.
Occasional field monitoring of subsurface explorations, storage tank removals, and environmental remediation.
Interact and communicate with staff, clients and subcontractors.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Environmental Science, Civil Engineering or related field.
3-5 years experience preparing ASTM Phase I and II Environmental Site Assessments and MCP submittals.
Strong technical writing and excellent verbal communication skills.
Current 10-hour OSHA Construction Industry Training or 40-hour HAZWOPER training is preferred.
Knowledge of the Massachusetts Contingency Plan (MCP) is preferred.
Computer Skills - Microsoft Office and Bluebeam Revu
Please send resume to McPhail Associates, LLC c/o careers@mcphailgeo.com",3.3,"Mcphail Associates
3.3","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1976,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",Less than $1 million (USD),-1
493,"Product Data Analyst, International",$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Car shopping is complicated. At CarGurus, we use data and technology to make it simple, giving people the tools they need to confidently find, buy, finance, or sell a car. The best part? Our work makes a real impact. We're the most-visited car-shopping site in the US and we are growing fast in our international markets. Ready to come along for the ride?

About the Role

At CarGurus we use data, not hunches, to inform decisions. Product Analysts play a key role in crafting the data narrative for these decisions. We love to collaborate, we're excited by a challenge, and we believe that ownership enables us to grow.
This Product Analyst role will support the growing International team where you will have opportunities for outsized positive impact through a high level of autonomy as we further develop our Canadian and UK markets. We are looking for thoughtful, daringly curious candidates who can dive into complex data and draw insightful conclusions. You'll work cross-functionally with many departments and stakeholders, and gain exposure to multiple dimensions of the business.

Our team values diversity in experience and backgrounds—we do our best work when we create space for different voices and perspectives. Whatever unique experiences or skill sets you bring, we look forward to learning from each other.

What You'll Do:
Conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources (spanning website usage, dealer behavior, customer activity and more) to understand the performance of existing UK and Canadian products, target opportunities for new product offerings, and map user journeys throughout the website.
Analyze Canadian and UK user behavior via A/B testing, to identify winning product changes unique to each market.
Partner with the product, engineering, marketing, sales, and finance departments to grow our business, including recommending and advocating for performance improvement ideas unique to the international setting.
Define metrics to evaluate business performance, products and experiments; build reports and dashboards to monitor and understand them
Communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key stakeholders
Be a voice and advocate for using data to improve the quality of our decision-making
Who You Are:
1-3 years of experience in data analysis (experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or SaaS product data a plus)
Fluency in SQL
Understanding of statistical concepts
Demonstrated ability in learning new reporting or BI tools
Ability to work independently and in a cross-functional setting
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
CarGurus Culture:

At CarGurus, we invest in our people's professional growth with everything from learning and development programs to tuition reimbursement. Want to work on projects that expand your skill set without sacrificing your work/life balance? You got it. We also strive to provide perks and benefits that employees actually care about like free lunch, commuter subsidies, and more. That includes equity in the company—our way of showing that we want you here for the long haul.

We work hard every day to build the world's most trusted and transparent automotive marketplace, but trust and transparency don't just apply to our consumers. They extend to our talent, too. We aim to create a workplace where everyone feels they can bring the ultimate expression of themselves and their potential—where you don't just fit, you thrive. We don't discriminate based on race, colour, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.

In addition to the US, CarGurus operates sites in Canada and the UK. We have offices in Cambridge, MA; Detroit, MI; Dublin, Ireland; San Francisco, CA and London, UK. Check out our careers page to learn more.",3.9,"CarGurus
3.9","Cambridge, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
494,Sr. Algorithm Development Scientist / Engineer,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description


Dynetics, a wholly owned subsidiary of Leidos, is seeking a talented, self-motivated Aerospace or Electrical Engineer, or Scientist for simulation and post processing algorithm development to join a multi-discipline engineering team in support of the development of Avionics products design, development, analysis, and test. The end products are avionics systems that provide time, space, position, guidance, navigation, control and automated flight termination capability. With offices across the United States engaging in the defense, space, cyber and commercial fields, Dynetics provides responsive, cost-effective engineering, scientific and IT solutions.

The candidate will design and develop in-flight, post processing and estimation algorithms for complex flight vehicle configurations and flight envelopes including high-dynamic scenarios. The position requires a fundamental of modeling and estimation techniques, coupled with a solid base of programming experience. Candidate must have an interest in modeling and simulation, analysis, and problem-solving. These skills will be used in the creation of detailed algorithms, estimation techniques and test scenarios to support complete end-to-end test and evaluation of: strategic/tactical missile systems, glide munitions, and manned/unmanned vehicles.

The successful applicant will work closely with a highly technical team of multi-disciplinary engineers to provide accurate and timely analysis of flight vehicle systems' performance and capabilities, and to verify/validate system models.

The work will evolve into hardware in the loop simulation, and flight test support. Work may cover both new and existing air vehicles. The work will engage in module level testing, system level testing, debugging, and documentation, in addition to authoring code. As part of a team the work will use configuration management tools and other development tools and methods to ensure a quality product.

This position may require travel for meetings and test events.

Basic Qualifications


Position requires a Bachelor's degree from an ABET accredited school in Engineering, Math or Science with 5+ years of applicable experience or a Master's Degree in Engineering, Math or Science with 3+ years of applicable experience or a PhD in Engineering, Math or Physics with applicable course and research work.
Candidate must have familiarity with linear and nonlinear attitude estimation methods, e.g., extended Kalman filters, batch smoother based on quadratic and cubic programs, sigma-point ﬁlters, particle ﬁlters
Candidate must possess knowledge of state estimation techniques and their application to aerospace physical systems
Candidate must possess knowledge or have a willingness to learn and apply algorithms for trajectory estimation and reconstruction
Candidate must have familiarity with Global Navigation Satellite System fundamentals and application
Candidate must have experience with Matlab, Simulink and basic programming concepts
Candidate must have interest in and basic familiarity with the analysis of physical systems, to include simulation development and maintenance, and hardware-in-the-loop development, application and validation
Excellent communication and inter-personal skills are required, as the successful candidate must function effectively in a team environment and interact with program stakeholders.

Candidate must be a resident of the North Alabama area or willing to relocate to the Huntsville - North Alabama area.

Other Qualifications


Experience with the following is beneficial:
Command-and-control modeling
C/C++
Ground and flight test support
Hands-on experience with aviation platforms
Experience with design and implementation of embedded software or firmware
Experience with Guidance, Navigation, and Control (GNC) for missiles and/or launch vehicles
Knowledge of GPS receiver operation, integration and test
Experience with GPS simulators
Experience with GPS antennas including Anti-Jam antennas
Organizational skills to document designs, assist with Technical Data Packages (TDP) and support production and test production Avionics systems
Security Requirements


Candidate must be a US Citizen and possess (and be able to maintain) a Final Secret Clearance or meet the eligibility to obtain (and maintain) a Secret Clearance.
Job Number:
01.05.03-79

Closing Date:
11/11/2020

#CJ

#LI",4.1,"Dynetics
4.1","Huntsville, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
495,Senior Data Scientist - Algorithms,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description: Quartet is a pioneering healthcare technology company striving to improve the lives of people with mental health conditions. We connect people to a personalized care team to get them the right care at the right time. Our collaborative technology platform and range of services brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Backed by $93MM in venture funding from top investors like Oak HC/FT, GV (formerly Google Ventures), F-Prime Capital Partners, and Polaris Partners, Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the United States — Pennsylvania, Washington, Northern California, and New Jersey.

Role Description: As a Sr. Data Scientist at Quartet, you will work in collaboration with other data scientists, bioinformaticians and platform engineers. In this role, you will build machine learning models and recommendation services to enable our applications to suggest timely and appropriate behavioral health care interventions for patients. You'll work with datasets that include millions of detailed medical, pharmacy, lab claims, EHR, and application data. You will help with development and validation of new algorithms that enhance our system in terms of scalability, reliability and accuracy. The ideal candidate will be an entrepreneurial, motivated data scientist who is well-versed in data analysis and algorithm implementation and eager to learn new things and make an impact on the industry. Health data experience is a plus, but it's not necessary.

Responsibilities:
Work with an interdisciplinary technical team to develop statistical models in Quartet’s platform.
Apply data mining and machine learning techniques to develop better personalization and recommendation for patients’ and doctors’ needs.
Design and develop effective models, features, and algorithms involving multiple datasets - user activity, EHR, ADT, medical claims, pharmacy claims, lab test claims etc.
Derive insights from descriptive analysis that drive a data-informed process for experimenting with new products to improve patient outcomes.
Qualifications:
Experience building high quality data products.
7+ years experience as a data scientist, software engineer with predictive modeling, or similar experience of solving real problems with data mining and machine learning techniques.
PhD or Master’s Degree in computer science, machine learning, applied statistics, physics, or a related quantitative discipline.
Proficiency in building Machine Learning (supervised and unsupervised) models and recommendation systems.
Strong knowledge of mathematical fundamentals: probability theory, linear algebra and statistics.
Ability to execute, starting from problem definition, to a working implementation.
Ability to clearly communicate across disciplines and work collaboratively.
Proficiency in Python and code versioning systems like git.
Expertise with data science toolkits like scikit-learn and pandas.
Knowledge of software architectures and tools such as Scala, Hadoop.
Familiarity working in a Linux server-based environment.
Employee Benefits for Quartet include: Unlimited vacation, volunteer opportunities, catered lunches, snacks, team events and outings, full medical, dental + vision coverage, generous parental leave, commuter benefits, 15 free therapy sessions + unlimited copay reimbursements for mental healthcare, 401K, ESPP, gym benefits.

Want to know what Quartet life is like? Click here to meet our team. Quartet is committed to building a diverse team and fostering an inclusive culture, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and encourage our employees' differences in race, religion, color, national origin, gender, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, medical conditions, and other characteristics. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Quartet does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Quartet will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Quartet. Please note: Quartet interview requests and job offers only originate from quartethealth.com email addresses (e.g. jsmith@quartethealth.com). Quartet will also never ask for bank information (e.g. account and routing number), social security numbers, passwords, or other sensitive information to be delivered via email. If you receive a scam email or wish to report a security issue involving Quartet, please notify us at: security@quartethealth.com.

Have someone to refer? Email talent@quartethealth.com to submit their details to us.",3.9,"Quartet Health
3.9","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
496,Data Science Team Lead,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Artlin Consulting is seeking a Data Science Team Lead to join our staff as a key contributor on an Executive-level Department of Defense Analytic team, leveraging knowledge of data science, methodologies, and processing techniques to support analytics and gather data from disparate Federal, Defense and public databases in support of Major Weapon System acquisition and program management. The individual in this role will work directly with Department leadership and a diverse analytical research cell.

Position Overview:

Directs and supervises a team of 4 data scientists from junior to expert.
Reports to senior leaders the status, risks, and issues of a variety of data science tasks.
Applies technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Creates informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.

Required Education/Experience/Skills:

Active DoD Secret security clearance.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
5+ years of relevant work experience.
Strong team-building skills as well as confidence when working with senior leadership and peers.
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools such as MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar.
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting, and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational system.
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint.

Desired Education/Experience/Skills:

Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar.
Big data and cloud processing experience.
SQL Database experience.
DoD/Federal Government experience.

Artlin Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.1,"Artlin Consulting
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
497,Data Scientist/ Analyst,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our Renewables Operations team in Houston, TX or Chicago, IL as a Renewable Generation Performance Engineer.

In this role, you will be responsible for support functions relating to solar generation facilities betterment, facilities efficiency of monitoring and reporting (via automation), plant performance measurements, and maintain supplier and service provider relationships as it relates to generation portfolio performance. This position reports directly to the Director Performance Monitoring & Analytics.

What you’ll do:
Help facilitate improvement / automation of operations and reporting tasks via SQL procedures, and other script languages.
Work with site engineers to monitor and evaluate equipment and system performance by examining and trending the results of condition-monitoring activities, reviewing equipment failures, analyzing availability/reliability information. Follow-up actions, based on identified problems, trends, and root cause determinations, are timely and effective.
Improve solar site performance by providing recommendations regarding availability, production and reliability issues/initiatives to Engie site and senior level management.
Lead standardization of operations and maintenance and engineering processes including reporting functions
Work with various internal and external groups including engineering and technical support personnel, site operating personnel and Engie global performance teams other teams in Asset Management.
Support the site in developing (RCA’s) for inverters, trackers, and panel faults and failures and work OEM ‘s to provide upgrades and develop implementation plans to remedy.
Manage solar equipment suppliers’ technical resources to ensure focus on priorities and achieve performance improvement targets by being ENGIE’s technical point of contact.
Support operational reviews, solar site commissioning, end of warranty inspections and procurement to ensure proper equipment selection and operation
Ability to travel for short term assignments as required.
Act as a team member with all employees of the solar sites and collaborate with members of the ENGIE team at other sites across various businesses.
Work multiple projects concurrently including supporting future business development projects.

Qualifications

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science required, computer credits certifications a plus.
Minimum two years of relevant experience.
Desired working knowledge of wind and/or solar power generation equipment, and applicable SCADA control and HMI systems.
Possess strong planning, scheduling and project management skills with the ability to plan and work independently.
Possess strong computer and analytical skills; ability to use and program databases (SQL, Python, Pearl, BASH). Expertise of Microsoft Office (excel pivot tables, advanced formula’s)
Expertise using VM environments like Virtual box, Azure and AWS.
Desired working knowledge of Linux.
Must have and be able to maintain a valid driver’s license.

Why ENGIE?
ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is more renewable, more efficient and more accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

ENGIE is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.

This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. All related inquiries must be communicated through Talent Acquisition and not directed to ENGIE North America Managers. Failure to follow the ENA process may result in nonpayment of agency fees.

Job
: Operations / Production sites
Primary Location
: North America-United States-Texas-Houston North America-United States-Illinois-Chicago
Organization
: ENA Renewables
Schedule
: Full-time
Nature of Responsibility
: Senior professionnal / Team leader

Job Posting
: Aug 28, 2020, 10:06:48 PM",3.6,"ENGIE North America Inc.
3.6","Houston, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
498,Tableau Developer & Data Analyst,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"Leaf Group is looking for an experienced Tableau Developer & Data Analyst for Saatchi Art to join our Business Intelligence (BI) team in Santa Monica, CA.

Saatchi Art is the world's leading online art gallery, established with the goal of helping people all over the world connect with art and artists they love. We offer an unparalleled selection of paintings, drawings, sculpture, and photography in a wide range of prices, and provide artists worldwide with an expertly curated environment in which to exhibit and sell their work. Based in Los Angeles, Saatchi Art is redefining the experience of buying and selling art, making it welcoming and accessible for artists and collectors alike.

Leaf Group is a house of digital brands, creating and cultivating digital-first companies in growing lifestyle categories, including Fitness & Wellness, Art & Design and Publishing. Our media and marketplace brands are authentic and authoritative, reaching a large and growing passionate, creative audience.

We work in a fun, collaborative environment that is diverse, adventurous, and open-minded. We look for proactive, accountable people focused on continuous learning and growth to push themselves and our businesses forward. Check us out here: https://www.leafgroup.com/brands/

A big vision calls for a big job. As we grow, our need for a Tableau Developer & Data Analyst grows with us.

You'll Report To: Sr. Director, Business Intelligence

A typical day as a Tableau Developer & Data Analyst might include:
Create complex SQL queries and perform ad-hoc and exploratory data analysis.
Provide data-driven insights to enable decision-making.
Create data visualizations using Tableau
Work with the business units to establish KPIs and methodology, and then create the appropriate reports and analysis.
Develop, own, and present dashboards to Senior Management that provide actionable insights.
Investigate data anomalies and perform Root Cause Analysis (RCA).
Audit peer reports and provide constructive feedback.
You'll be successful if you are a motivated Data Analyst with strong SQL/Tableau skills and are looking to join an energetic, fast-paced, project-driven BI team.

What You Have:
BA in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or Mathematics or equivalent experience.
3+ years practical experience in SQL query scripting, debugging, and execution.
2+ years of experience building Tableau dashboards.
1+ years of experience working in a data-intensive organization with large-scale datasets.
Excel proficiency is required.
Previous eCommerce experience is a plus.
Proficiency in Python or other scripting language is a plus.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Not afraid to wear multiple hats - no job being too small or too large.
We're casual and informal but we work hard and work responsibly. Personal accountability goes a long way. We believe we are the change.
What We Have:
eHow is the 2019 & 2020 People's Choice and official Webby Winner for Social Video/How To-DIY
Well+Good is the 2019 People's Choice winner of the Webby's Award for Best Lifestyle Brand
Leaf Group is among TalentDesk's 2019 Best Companies To Work For
Leaf Group is among the 2019 Built In LA Best Companies To Work For
Leaf Group is among Comparably's 2018 Best Companies in Los Angeles
Well+Good is the 2018 winner of Fast Company's Most Innovative Company Award
MyPlate is the 2018 winner of the Webby Award for Best Design
Winner of the 2017 Best Company for Diversity award Comparably
Competitive compensation and benefits packages (i.e., Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA, 401K)
Discounted gym memberships
Paid-to-play vacation rewards
Discretionary unlimited vacation time
Employee discounts for Saatchi Art, Society6, and Deny Designs
Leaf Group, Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for all job openings are welcome and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or any other basis protected by state, federal, or local law. It is the intent of the Company to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local legislation concerning equal opportunity in employment.

Agency Disclosure:

If the Leaf Group Talent Acquisition department, or any current company employee, receives an unsolicited resume from a third party recruiting agency and Leaf Group does not have a signed Agency Agreement active, Leaf Group will not be deemed liable to pay a placement fee. The unsolicited resume will be considered a gift and can be considered for our recruitment efforts.",4.3,"Leaf Group
4.3","Santa Monica, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
499,Psychometrics and Quantitative Research Consultants,$43k-$72k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Language Assessment Division of the Center for Applied Linguistics has occasional need for qualified consultants to work with the Psychometrics and Quantatitive Research team. We accept CVs from professionals with Master’s degrees in statistics or other fields with strong quantitative content, or with PhDs in educational measurement. We also accept CVs from PhD candidates.

Consultants may be tasked with completing analyses, replicating analyses for quality control purposes, or supporting the production of technical reports.

Essential skills include experience producing analyses in a professional setting using SPSS and R. Desired skills also include experience with Rasch analysis and DIF analysis. Experience with language assessment is also a plus.

Application Process
Email a CV and cover letter indicating your experience with the skills listed above to jobs@cal.org, with the subject line: Psychometrics and Quantitative Research Consulting.
CAL will add your information to our files and contact you as consulting opportunities arise that meet your qualifications.

For any additional questions or comments, please contact us at jobs@cal.org.",2.8,"Center for Applied Linguistics
2.8","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
