,Job Title,Salary Estimate,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,"Customer Data Analyst, Expert",$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Requisition ID # 43120

Job Category : Information Technology

Job Level : Individual Contributor

Business Unit: Customer Care

Job Location : San Francisco

Department Overview

In Customer Care, we are focused on delivering the desired customer experience for each of our customers. Everything we do starts with the customer and our information about the customer. Within Customer Care, PG&Es Customer Energy Solutions department (CES) is responsible for designing, implementing and administering customer demand side management programs, including energy efficiency, distributed generation, demand response, and rate programs that help PG&E customers in Northern and Central California manage the energy use of their homes and businesses. PG&E has been a national leader in energy efficiency since 1976 and continues to recruit and develop individuals to carry the CES Departments legacy of effective energy efficiency programs on into the future.

Within Income Qualified Program and Disadvantaged Communities department, the Energy Savings Assistance (ESA) Program helps income-qualified residential customers throughout PG&Es service territory reduce energy consumption and costs while increasing their health, comfort, and safety. Qualified customers receive no-cost home weatherization, energy efficient appliances, and energy education services. Through this state-mandated program, PG&E has helped customers save over $54 million on their energy bills since 1983.

Position Summary

The Expert Customer Data Analyst will have an opportunity to work alongside with colleagues who possess diverse perspectives who are committed and passionate about customer advocacy. This individual will evaluate the effectiveness of our data, and recommend improvements in data system, regulatory reporting, business processes and procedures. This position may also be involved in special projects. This requires a resilient self-starter who can adapt in a rapidly changing environment. Additionally, this individual should possess strong analytical & problem-solving skills, system understanding and regulatory reporting. The successful candidate will be responsible for research, data quality & analysis and reporting in support of business decision making, business strategy, business operations and data request while demonstrating the ability to work comfortably with stakeholders at all levels of the organization.

Responsibilities
Manage and cultivate strong vendor relationships by facilitating recurring business reviews, compiling and evaluating monthly vendor performance metrics, benchmarking, and proactively exploring technologies that can be leveraged to enhance processes
Analyze trends/exceptions and provide recommendations
Liaise with other organizations and explore process improvement opportunities
Complete monthly and annually regulatory reporting
Assist with data requests
Data Analysis: Compiles and analyzes data. May develop and/or maintain data models for what-if analysis and for other business purposes.
Metrics and Reporting: Develops and tracks program metrics. Develops and maintains standard, custom and ad-hoc reports.
Forecasting: Develops forecasts.
Data Integrity: Researches data issues; collaborates across organizations and data systems to resolve data issues.

Qualifications

Minimum:
BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Business, Accounting, or Marketing
Six years of related work experience

Desired:
Ability to write in SQL scripting
Knowledge of Teradata and CDW
Microsoft Access, Tableau, SAS, VBA or related
Understanding of root cause analysis and process improvement concepts, methods and techniques
Advanced Proficiency in Microsoft Office, Project, Visio
Effective oral and written communication skills
Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel and a love of excel modeling
Knowledge of different analytical methods, approaches and tactics
Energy Insights (EI) knowledge, including developing reports
CDW
NEBs (Non-Energy Benefits Tool)
CET (Cost Effective Tool)
Familiar with Utilities, Operations, and Energy Efficiency Programs",3.5,"PG&E Corporation
3.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1905,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$10+ billion (USD),-1
1,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"EMPLOYMENT VALUE PROPOSITION: Mental Health Center of Denver provides you with the support you need to help you develop a career in helping others succeed. We innovate, adapt, and leverage the diverse perspectives of the people on our team and the people we serve in everything we do.

Learn what it is like to work at the Mental Health Center of Denver:


STARTING SALARY: $48,006.40 - $55,016.00

Position Summary: Utilizes clinical services and operational data to assess outcomes and effectiveness associated with MHCD's service programs and operational processes. Collects data to answer evaluation and research questions that may arise from program requirements, management and/or staff. Develops summative and formative analytics and evaluation reports for delivery to staff, management, and external stakeholders. Position will primarily be assigned to our criminal justice programs, specifically a court/jail diversion program.

Essential job functions
Collects and prepares data for reporting as required under the research or evaluation plan using SQL and Excel.
Performs individual and group interviews with persons we serve, staff, and stakeholders.
Conducts analyses using SQL, Excel, and R
Prepares and submits analytic, research, and/or evaluation reports as needed
Develops presentations and documents
Writes sections of grants, papers, and other research materials
Interacts with managers and staff to review and edit reports as needed
Other duties as assigned.
Education: Minimum of bachelor's degree in statistics, social or behavioral research, or another related field.

Experience: Minimum of one-year experience with statistical analyses, data collection and processing, and\or program evaluation within a healthcare environment.

Skills and Competencies:
Proficiency with evaluation and research methods
Proficiency with T-SQL and R.
Proficiency with basic statistical techniques and data wrangling methods
Ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences.
Commitment to high quality research and analyses.
Ability to organize and prioritize work, handle multiple assignments, and meet deadlines in an agile development environment.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: No direct supervision of staff.

MACHINES AND EQUIPMENT TO BE USED: PC Computer, MS Office software, MS SQL Server Management Studio, Tableau, R

TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Requires sitting, standing, bending and reaching. May require lifting up to 50 pounds. Requires manual dexterity sufficient to operate standard office machines such as computers, fax machines, the telephone and other office and/or clinical equipment.

TYPICAL MENTAL DEMANDS: Ability to give, receive, and analyze information, formulate work plans, prepare written materials, and articulate goals and action plans. Must understand people from all walks of life and be able to communicate effectively with them.

WORKING CONDITIONS: May require occasional evening or weekend hours.",4.0,"Mental Health Center of Denver
4.0","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
2,Lead IT Analyst - Data Governance,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"About JLG, an Oshkosh company

JLG began in 1969, when our founder, John L. Grove set out to resolve growing safety concerns in the construction industry. Since then we have been committed to understanding the challenges and delivering innovative solutions to the access market. We partner with customers to provide quality equipment, training opportunities and trusted support within the access industry. We are a global company, and our products—including mobile elevating work platforms, telehandlers, utility vehicles and accessories—can be found all over the world.

JOB SUMMARY:

The Lead IT Analyst - Data Governance will lead the full life-cycle of data governance solutions including, creation of data governance policies and procedures, engaging and training data stewards, creation of quality metrics, and working with users to identify and track personally identifiable and other regulated information. This role will work on simple to complex projects and lead and facilitate governance efforts, including coordinating activities with internal and external resources. These activities will contribute to an environment of reliable, quality data to drive better decisions through analytics and reporting within the business.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

These duties are not meant to be all-inclusive and other duties may be assigned.

Collaborate with business and information technology partners, and subject matter experts to understand data challenges to put the required processes in place to address those challenges.
Work with the Project Management Office to continuously improve testing methodologies related to projects and other activities.
Work with other Digital Technology teams to implement and update on-going production quality process and validations.
Ensure timely corrective actions taken to resolve identified data quality issues, including future mitigation.
Develop and maintain data governance and data quality strategies and oversight of the activities to enact those strategies.
Provide project updates and report on progress of data governance, data quality and control remediation activities
Perform extensive data profiling across the data portfolio to assess current state data quality.
Work with Data Architecture to implement data standards in response to data quality issues, needs and findings.
Evaluate tools including prototyping new capabilities to stay abreast of the Data Management industry.
Lead continuous improvement activities and promote adherence of current department standards.
Guide, mentor, and assist less experienced team members.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent.
Seven (7) or more years of experience in Data Analysis, Information Technology, or in a related area.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience using data governance, data quality, data catalog and data privacy solutions.
Relevant industry training or certifications with data governance tools and other related data management tools.
Ability to translate business and technical requirements into data solutions.
Knowledge of key data management processes.
Experience in project life-cycle management.
Excellent organizational skills and ability to communicate with internal/external entities.
Experience and proficiency with various web-based software applications including Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, etc.

WORKING CONDITIONS:

Physical Demands: Frequent Sitting, Hearing, Talking, Visual, Typing, Manual Dexterity; Seldom Standing, Walking/Running, Reaching, Driving, Bending/Kneeling, Fine Dexterity, Upper Extremity Repetitive Motion, and Lifting/Carrying and Pushing/Pulling up to 40lbs.

#LI-KP1
USA100
Oshkosh is committed to working with and offering reasonable accommodation to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to disability for any part of the employment process, please contact us at: 920-502-3009 or corporatetalentacquisition@oshkoshcorp.com.

Oshkosh Corporation is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. This company will provide equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Information collected regarding categories as provided by law will in no way affect the decision regarding an employment application.

Oshkosh Corporation will not discharge or in any manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Oshkosh Corporation's legal duty to furnish information.

Certain positions with Oshkosh Corporation require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations or the Export Administration Regulations. Applicants for these positions may need to be ""U.S. Persons,"" as defined in these regulations. Generally, a ""U.S. Person"" is a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident, or an individual who has been admitted as a refugee or granted asylum.",4.1,"Oshkosh Corporation
4.1","Hagerstown, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1917,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
3,Data Management Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Management Analyst
Duty Site


Redstone Arsenal, AL

FLSA Status


Exempt

Emp. Status

RT

Apply Now


Job Code:
3377

S3, Inc. is a woman owned small business founded in 1991, headquartered in Huntsville, AL, that provides technical, programmatic, and logistics services to US Department of Defense, other US Government Agencies, and Partner Nation militaries, co-located with Government requirements. S3 has a wholly owned subsidiary, KBFS, that provides aviation pilot training, heavy lift, aircraft maintenance, and related aircraft services to Government and commercial requirements IAW multiple FAA certifications.

S3 Inc. is seeking a Data Management Analyst to support projects on Redstone Arsenal. AL.

Position Description: The Data Management Analyst is responsible for managing the PMO Data Management System to include: reviewing of all submitted contractor technical data for correctness ( format, topic relevance, completeness, and data rights markings); distribution of the contractor data to the appropriate government and contractor personnel; consolidating and preparing Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs-DD1423s) and Document Summary List (DSL) packages for Contract Requirements Packages (CRP) to be submitted through government contracting channels; forecasting and tracking CDRL deliveries to ensure compliance with DD 1423s; support, administer, and maintain the document repository containing all CDRLs; create and manage multiple SharePoint sites and manage SharePoint user accounts; and prepare weekly metric reports for PMO leadership regarding CDRL submissions, CDRLs in-work, and CDRLs needing signature. Will review Assertions List from prime and subcontractors to determine compliance with DFARS and support the challenge procedures and complete Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Post Award and Intercept Database (PAID) and Procurement Aging and Staging System (PASS) actions assuring proper administrative lead times. Also will search the electronic data management systems (EDMS) such as SharePoint, PFRMS networks, and MEARS to support user's request for information.

Experience/Skills Required:

• 2 years of experience reviewing contractor technical data for correctness and distributing data.

• 2 years of experience consolidating and preparing CDRLs and DSL for contract requirements packages.

• 2 years of experience forecasting and tracking CDRL deliveries in compliance with requirements lists.

• 1 year of experience in maintaining a document repository.

• 1 year of experience with managing SharePoint site and SharePoint user accounts or similar.

• 1 year of experience with preparation of reports on technical data submissions.

• 2 years of experience searching databases for information needed by users.

• 1 year of experience working with DLA, PAID, and PASS actions or similar.

Education Required: Bachelors’ Degree and 8 years of relevant experience or HS and 11 years overall experience.

Security Clearance Required: Secret Clearance.

Certifications/Licenses: None.

Other: N/A

Systems Studies and Simulation, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation. If you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the S3 Inc. Careers Page as a result of your disability, you can request reasonable accommodations by calling (256) 539-1700 Ext 1127 or by sending an email to: recruiter@s3inc.com . Thank you for your interest in S3 Inc.",4.0,"S3, Inc
4.0","Huntsville, AL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
4,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

Job Details
Job Location
Yakima - Yakima, WA
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Bachelor's degree
Salary Range
$58,900.00 - $73,600.00 Salary/year
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Information Technology
Description
Who is Comprehensive Healthcare?
Comprehensive Healthcare provides innovative behavioral health and integrated healthcare services to clients of all ages. We take pride in our creative and collaborative work environment and in delivering clinically excellent, trauma-informed, recovery-oriented services.

What are we looking for in a Data Analyst?
As a member of the Information Services department, the Data Analyst supports Comprehensive’s technology and business initiatives by coordinating the collection, storage, and utilization of essential data. This position will work closely with leadership and other staff to determine data needs for specific projects or ad hoc requests, and then gather, interpret, and present the information to the team. The work of the Data Analyst will impact day-to-day clinic operations as well as business decisions, so a high degree of accuracy, thoroughness, and timeliness are essential. Previous experience performing data analytics in the healthcare field is required. The Data Analyst will work on-site in our Yakima office.

Data Analyst duties may include:
integrating data from internal & external sources and performing extract, transform, and load operations to data in various applications
analyzing data to identify and interpret patterns or trends in data sets
performing data audits to identify problem areas & implementing strategies to optimize data integrity and process improvements
assisting with the design & implementation of database warehouse structure and developing standards for the design of data elements
supporting the implementation, testing, and validation of data & software systems
assisting with ongoing data architecture processes & governance
providing Tier II technical support to employees
documenting all work as it is completed
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data analytics, or related field
Three years of experience with data analysis within the healthcare industry
What Comprehensive Healthcare Can Offer You
Training and Development
A variety of career opportunities in a wide range of settings with room for mobility and promotion
Regular training opportunities including support, supervision, and consultation in implementing evidence-based services and programs
Innovative Program & Services
A strong reputation for providing quality, evidence-based services within a collaborative multi-disciplinary team environment
Innovative, forward-looking leadership that seeks to thrive in an ever-changing healthcare environment
Joint Commission-accredited organization committed to continuous quality improvement
Established partnerships with major research universities and other community and healthcare providers to implement cutting-edge treatment programs and services
Excellent Benefits
Competitive salaries within our communities and industry
Healthcare coverage for employee and qualified family members
Generous vacation, paid holiday and sick leave policies
Access to Employee Assistance Program services
Agency-funded retirement plan with contributions equal to 5% of compensation
Additional retirement investment opportunities with a 50% investment match of up to 4% of compensation
Agency-funded life and disability insurance program
Equal Opportunity Employer
Comprehensive Healthcare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. We value the diverse perspectives and strengths that our employees bring to the workplace and we encourage individuals from underrepresented groups to apply for our positions. The Human Resources department offers accommodations and assistance for the application and interview process; please contact us at (509) 575-4084 to make arrangements.",3.3,"Comprehensive Healthcare
3.3","Yakima, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
5,Senior Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Strategic Resilience Group is seeking a *Data Analyst Sr. *to support the Category Management Support Office (CMSO) in changing acquisition policy and procedures across the VA. AMSG is a Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) verified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB). AMSG supports a variety of Department of Defense (DoD), Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Defense Health Agency, Department of the Treasury, and Federal Trade Commission (FTC) program and performance management services. We take pride in our great work environment and highly motivated company. Join our team of top talent in supporting the federal government.
Location: * Washington, D.C.
Education: * BA/BS Degree
Experience: *Minimum of eight years’ experience
Clearance Requirements: *Ability to successfully pass a background check to obtain a Public Trust
Job Type: *Full Time
General Description: *Performs tasks requiring delivery of analysis and advice for management. Tasks may include obtaining data through advanced computerized models; extrapolating data patterns through advanced algorithms; developing simple graphs and charts to explain how mathematical information will influence a specific project or business case; and present to managers how to best alter their business models to generate profitable future trends.
Responsibilities: *
Assist in the management and facilitation of overall VA wide Category Management operations, program governance, change management, scheduling events, preparing reports, and tracking overall compliance issues.
Provide broad data analysis support across areas of the Category Management program: Category Management, Process Improvement/Change Management, Data Analytics and Category Management Execution
Develop work products by writing, analyzing, editing, formatting, modifying, and designing products for delivery to the customer. (program plans, briefings, dashboards, etc.)
Assist in the development of policies, processes, standards, tools, and templates to address ingesting, storing, using, accessing, retaining, reporting, and visualizing data. Approach shall be compliant with OMB 19-13 (Mar 2019), and compliant/consistent with the Category Management governance framework.
Support the development of requirements and methodologies for exploiting a program-wide analytics platform to be used across the VA for descriptive, exploratory, and predictive analytics. Work with incomplete or imperfect data to analyze and translate spend, market intelligence, and contract data, analyze specific program effectiveness or improvement opportunities, tracking trends, and measuring compliance.
Assist the CMPSO and category teams in the implementation of CM visualizations specific to a category. Provide expertise in the delivery and operation of Tableau, or Microsoft Power BI and evolving dashboards and analytic platforms to include the application of aesthetic design principles and end-user experience optimization.
Identify opportunities and enable synthesis and extension of analytics to integrate Subject Matter Expert data; maintain and actively manage to ingest of additional data sources from both Government and private industry best practices that are employed by the CMPSO and category managers.
Address operational acquisition analysis requests from the VA CM community (i.e. VA SAO, CMPSO, Category Managers and support teams).
Recommend training or policies to improve the quality of data entry and collection efforts.
Access FPDS-NG, MAX.Gov Dashboards, as well as other federal procurement data systems identified to effectively identify opportunities and current vehicles that may support the achievement of Agency Category Management goals
Assist in the development and establishment of change control processes to review, evaluate, and approve new processes and requirements.
Support and participate in cross-cutting communication meetings, as required
Assist with the development of approaches, frameworks, and processes to achieve strategic plan objectives and program KPIs,
Design and perform category research methodologies to include data mining, analysis and interpretation, and mathematical modeling to estimate category spend.
Facilitate data analysis and benchmarking, development of business intelligence products, as well as performance measurement and reporting.
Operate and exploit data from multiple Government tools and systems. This toolset includes the CMPSO's AFBIT (Lite), GSA's D2D, AFPEO/CM's SMT, FDPS-NG, EDA, and DoD developed cost management framework (CODE) in applicable categories.
Analyze internal category spend and integrate current Subject Matter Expert (SME) data with data collected from industry to identify opportunities to enhance mission performance, improve total cost of ownership or compliance through various CM processes
Engage with SMEs and analyze functional/operational data to assist the Category Manager in the development of performance metrics to include capability (i.e. mission performance, readiness, affordability, etc.), cost, and compliance metrics.
Support development, evaluation and/or implementation of Courses of Action (COAs) resulting from CSP and CIRs
Analyze data in support of KPIs to include SUM and BIC Metrics; Provide recommendations for 'Tier 0"" actions (as defined in OMB's Federal Spend Under Management taxonomy).
Requirements: *
Expertise in MS Excel, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI and other business intelligence and data analytic platforms
Experience in gathering data concerning products or services, analyzing data to form and generate options into comprehensive strategies.
Superior verbal and written communication skills. Ability to communicate clearly (read, write, and speak)
Strong Data Analytics skills
Must be a U.S Citizen
Desired Qualifications: *
Military Veteran
Self-starter in a fast-paced environment
Advanced proficiency with MS Word and PowerPoint
Contract length: 12 months

Expected start date: 2020-10-01

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $79,500.00 - $88,600.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
COVID-19 considerations:
Work is currently offsite but will move to government spaces when the COVID 19 recovery plan is in place.

Experience:
analytics: 8 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Strategic Resilience Group
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
6,2021 IT - Advanced Data Analytics Product Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Information Technology - Advanced Data Analytics Product Analyst Intern

The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco believes in the diversity of our people, ideas, and experiences and our committed to building inclusive culture that representative of the communities we serve.



FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM OVERVIEW

The Federal Reserve Bank’s mission and work are built on over hundred years of strength, stability, and excellence. No other organization does what we do or has a greater impact on global economies. Our mission is to promote low inflation, full employment, and financial stability as well as provide services to financial institutions and the Treasury.

FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO OVERVIEW

The Reserve Bank of San Francisco is one of Twelve Reserve Banks responsible for setting the nation’s monetary policy, serving the as the fiscal agent for the United States Treasury and supervising banking institutions, ensuring their stability and compliance with banking regulations. Our headquarters are in SF, CA serving the largest geographic district within the Federal Reserve System. With Branches offices in Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Salt Lake City, and Phoenix.

GOLD INTERN PROGRAM OVERVIEW

Invest in your future and consider joining the Growing Opportunity for Leadership and Diversity (GOLD) Program. Our paid internship program will offer you the opportunity to work on projects that supports the Bank’s business and impact the United States economy.

GROUP/DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW

Within the ADAC team, our day to day tasks revolve around supporting one of the multiple projects that are being worked on by our team. Specifically on my project, daily tasks include, writing user stories, participating in scrum meetings, working on user stories (as applicable), building report-out decks for management.

POSITION/PROJECT OVERVIEW

This project/position would challenge the intern because usually interns do not have a lot of experience working within a product team. Our team is extremely product focused and will continue to be so in the future. Additionally, we are currently focusing on Cloud technologies which allows interns to learn in detail more about the cloud environment as well as get hands on experience within the cloud.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

The intern will write user stories for our development team, work on user stories (as applicable), gather functional requirements from stakeholders and product leadership, work through information security aspects (as necessary), present on completed user stories (as necessary), support product leadership with marketing, customer outreach, etc.

REQUIREMENTS:
U.S. Citizen or Permanent Residency
Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, or Senior standing in a 4-year bachelor’s degree program
Ability to work 40 hours week throughout the duration of the approximately 10 -week internship program
MS Suite Proficiency
Strong written communication skills
PREFERRED SKILLS:
Desired skills: SQL, Tableau,
Students graduating in 2021 or 2022
Jira, AWS Cloud, product management, agile methodology
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1913,Government,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
7,Senior Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Looking for an innovative, creative, passionate, and fun company in OC? Then, let us introduce ourselves. We are MobilityWare and we make fun for a living! Our mobile games have been rocking the app store since its inception and we regularly show up in top lists for most popular games. We recently reached over 350 million downloads across our portfolio of games!

We've been voted 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018 Best Places to Work in Orange County by the Orange County Business Journal and OC Register! Headquartered in Irvine, CA., our flagship game, Solitaire, was released on the day the App Store opened in 2008. Other titles include Blackjack, FreeCell, Destination Solitaire and Spider Solitaire, to name a few. Our vision is to create the most exciting mobile games and have fun doing it.

Position Summary

As a Data Analyst, you will support the product team within depth analyses related to in-game activity, user behaviors, retention, funnel and monetization analysis, and provide insights to enhance the user experience. Your work will directly influence what features are built, prioritization of the roadmap and estimate expected return on these efforts. You'll be responsible for creating, monitoring and building dashboards, models and ad hoc analyses to support product efforts to drive user retention and in-game monetization. In addition to the product team, you will work closely with the DBAs, Marketing, and Monetization teams to create actionable insights.

Responsibilities
Create in-depth analyses, tools and dashboards to highlight the in-game behaviors that drive revenue activities and user retention
Work with our marketing and product teams to deliver insights into user performance and make recommendations that enhance the user acquisition activities
Work as a key member of the BI team to support in-game analyses including review of events captured, troubleshooting data discrepancies, and anomalies
Work closely with the monetization team on continuous forecasting of various revenue models
Stay up to date on current and upcoming innovations and capabilities in the mobile gaming space
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree (advanced preferred) in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Math, Economics or in Computer Science with Modeling/Data Science coursework
3+ Years Work Experience in gaming or mobile gaming analytics, including experience with building predictive models
Advanced SQL skills
Familiarity with relational databases, MS SQL, data transformation, data mining, and ad hoc analysis
Experience with statistical inference and advanced analytics techniques (A|B testing, ANOVA, regression, decision trees etc.)
Understanding of basic Data Engineering principles like ETL and data warehousing
Familiarity with customer data platforms (CDP) like deltaDNA, LeanPlum, TreasureData etc.
Ability to work productively with others in a highly collaborative manner
Why you should work for us:
Awesome Perks: free lunch, free snacks, free drink, free Annual Company trip
Casual workplace - yes, flip flops and shorts are pretty much an everyday thing
Growth, growth, growth - we are growing and we would love for you to join us on the ride
We also want to take care of our team so we've got profit sharing incentives, medical, dental (100% paid), vision (100% paid), Unlimited PTO/Vacation, life insurance (100% paid), and 401K
Awesome office smack dab in the middle of OC and 2 minutes off the 5 freeway
Amazing talent: We've got some heavy hitters from the industry who embody both brilliance AND humility",4.4,"MobilityWare
4.4","Irvine, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
8,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: *
Data Analyst job is to gather, organize data, identify trends, generate deeper customer insight and formulate recommendations to the Executive Team. This role requires knowledge of accounting, inventory tracking and data management that is used to assess sales trends, feedback, and market movement. Responsible for creating the metrics to evaluate sales efficiency and productivity via dashboards and reports.
Key Responsibilities: *
Data Analytics:

· Collaborate with the accounting and operations teams in measuring and analyzing product category performance, revenue forecasting and budgeting.

· Define and build dashboards and reports for different departments to help monitor KPIs and to help the Executive Team make well-informed decisions.

· Create graphs, infographics, and other methods to visualize data.

· Create presentations and reports based on recommendations and findings.

· Perform ongoing analysis to understand user behavior and provide actionable recommendations in different areas of the product.

· Assist in the identification and analysis of “slow-moving” and obsolete inventory positions and the financial and operational impact related to those positions.

· Assists in the investigation and audits cycle inventory counting variances. Aids in the resolution of issues.

Accounting:

· Monitor expenses and their adherence to budget. Perform ongoing analysis regarding budget to actuals.

· Aids in the preparation of budgets and forecasts.

· Analyze monthly cost and variance reports and prepare financial commentaries on various operating areas.

· Performs month-end and year-end closing duties including journal entries, accrual entries, and reconciliations.

· Provides other departments with ad-hoc reports based upon data outputs, as required.

· Maintains monthly Balance Sheet account reconciliations and analysis.

· Answers accounting and financial questions by researching and interpreting data.

· Ensures that all costs in the ERP system are updated. Assists with any cost verification or revaluation.

Operations:

· Provide and present detailed analysis of inventory utilization by all Sales Agents throughout the country

· Present Data Point Analysis of each Novastep product category as it expands and contracts at each existing level while providing PAR level forecasting to internal and external team members

· Track and analyze all field consigned inventory as it relates to tray utilization, implant kitting, expiration date and sales volume

· Provide present different data points to aid in implementing a structured process for managing short dated inventory in the field to limit product expiration

· Provide monthly presentation on profitability of product category as it is directly related to volume of inventory dispatched throughout different sales territories versus operational and marketing costs spent in each individual territory thus determining territory value to Novastep

· Find and present patterns in sales as to determine possible volume discounting and up-front purchase of implants and/or instrument trays

· Discover new ways to utilize and become the expert on our inventory management platform known as Enhatch
Qualifications (Education, Skills, and Experience; Required): *
· *Education: * Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Economics, Stats/Mathematics, or Computer Science is required.

· *Experience: *

o At least 3 years of experience working on data integration, data analytics, data science projects.

o 3 plus years’ experience performing advanced analytics using large structured and unstructured data.

o 3-5 years in an analytical position with accounting experience.

· *Technical: * Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel is required (Pivot Tables, V-Lookups, Macros) and Microsoft PowerPoint.
Other: *
· Requires a strategic and tactical viewpoint, strong problem-solving skills, and a deep sense of curiosity.

· Solid conceptual understanding of methods in analytics and data science. Understanding of common roadblocks and technical challenges.

· Advanced multi-tasking and prioritization skills.

· Must maintain a high level of confidentiality.

· Flexibility on scheduling to complete month-end and year-end is required.

· ERP experience.

· Working Knowledge of foot medical device industry or medical industry is a plus.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $38.00 - $48.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"GLW, Inc
5.0","Orangeburg, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
9,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Law360, a LexisNexis company, is an online newswire for business lawyers that covers major litigation, transactions, and regulatory issues. Founded in 2004 and acquired by LexisNexis in 2012, Law360 is a cutting-edge organization and one of the fastest-growing subscription news services in the U.S. Our subscribers include the largest law firms in the U.S. and around the world, in-house counsel at major corporations, and key decision-makers in the government sector.

Law360, a LexisNexis company, is seeking qualified candidates for the position of Data Analyst to join our newsroom.

The Data Analyst will be part of a growing team in our Law360 newsroom, helping to implement surveys and rankings of law firms that support our efforts to report on the legal industry. The Data Analyst will support the accurate, timely, relevant and efficient delivery of that research, and would work collaboratively with editors, reporters and graphic designers to analyze the results of the team’s surveys. The analyst will also work on data management, cleaning and verification. The analyst will employ statistical methods to help improve analyses and data usage. Training will be provided.

Primary Duties/Responsibilities:

Help conduct surveys and interviews.
Help develop the methodologies used in annual reports and rankings from survey data.
Collaborate with editors on research projects, based on surveys and publicly available data.
Help create data visualizations based on surveys and publicly available data.
Participate in drafting and presenting key research findings to reporters and editors.
Combine, clean and verify data from multiple sources.
Help manage our data set. Work with a wide range of stakeholders in Editorial and IT with regard to data management.

Basic Requirements:

1+ years of related experience, including in data management, cleaning, and analysis. Relevant coursework may count toward this experience.

Preferred Requirements:

Previous expertise using quantitative analytical tools.
Advanced Excel skills (e.g., Pivot Tables).
Familiarity with R programming, Tableau and/or Python a plus.
Previous working experience with data visualization techniques. Tableau experience preferred.
Previous experience working with data of varying quality and from varying sources.
Ability to communicate complex ideas to a wide range of audiences.
Legal industry research experience preferred but not required.
A good teammate, collaborator and relationship builder who can also work independently.

RSRLNLP

Law360 offices are located in NYC, Washington DC, and Los Angeles. We offer a casual and flexible work environment, comprehensive benefits (including; medical, dental, generous paid time off, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, and a pre-tax commuter program), and competitive salary.

Portfolio Media Inc.is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com .

Please read our Candidate Privacy Policy",3.7,"LexisNexis Legal & Professional
3.7","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1880,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
10,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"EquipmentShare is Hiring a Financial Data Analyst

EquipmentShare is searching for a Data Analyst for the corporate office in Columbia, Missouri to help us drive profitability through data-driven analysis.

About EquipmentShare

EquipmentShare is dedicated to creating a connected jobsite for the modern contractor. We deliver user-friendly technology solutions that help contractors maximize their equipment uptime, reduce risk exposure and increase productivity. EquipmentShare's product offerings include an improved equipment rental experience, fleet tracking and asset management software, hardware security solutions and predictive service and maintenance applications.

EquipmentShare is the fastest-growing, independently owned construction equipment rental company in the country. We serve dozens of markets across the U.S. and are on track to create a national footprint in every major market in the country by the end of 2023. Our branch locations are equipped with a broad range of construction equipment, ranging from 150-foot telescopic booms to 120,000-lb. track excavators.

EquipmentShare's rapid growth goes beyond meeting a demand for equipment rentals in booming new markets. Instead, our mission begins with our rental product, and it's a testimony to our ability to improve industry standards and better serve the customer. Our expansion and customer retention is a validation of strong contractor demand for the smart jobsite technology we've built into our rental fleet. And it's just the beginning of our journey to establishing a global presence.

Your Opportunity to Grow With Us

The EquipmentShare team is a close-knit group of professionals who all share an interest in providing a service and product that improve our customer's experience. Above all, we care about building something people want, and the only way to do that is by assembling a skilled, passionate and talented team. Our mission is to improve productivity and efficiency throughout the entire construction industry, and our people are how we make achieving that goal possible.

We're seeking a Financial Data Analyst who loves a challenge and wants the opportunity to grow with a fast-paced company. Industry competitors often have layers of tenured management that create barriers to career advancement. The opportunity for career growth is unparalleled at EquipmentShare, where you'll find no shortage of challenging yet fulfilling work, chances to build new skills and supportive teammates who will push you to achieve your best.

Primary Responsibilities
Analyze a wide range of data, and turn that data into action, whether that looks like process improvements, best business practices or other data-backed solutions
Use your strong development and analytical skills to solve business problems across the company
Produce reports and models for senior leaders and other key team members
Identify trends, correlations and patterns in data, and present findings to stakeholder
About You

Our mission to change an entire industry is not easily achieved, so we only hire people who are inspired by the goal and up for the challenge. In turn, our employees have every opportunity to grow with us, achieve personal and professional success and enjoy making a tangible difference in an industry that's long been resistant to change.

Skills & Qualifications
Must be qualified to work in the United States - we are not sponsoring any candidates at this time.
2 years of experience in an analysis-focused role
Forecasting, reporting, and analysis experience
You have a proven ability to approach complex problems with curiosity and an analytical mindset.
You roll with the punches and can adapt quickly, manage competing projects and challenge the status quo.
A keen understanding of data interpretation and the ability to swiftly extract key insights
Expert-level Excel skills
SQL experience required
Preferably knowledge of an analytical language like Python, R, SAS, SPSS, etc.
Why We're a Better Place to Work
Competitive salary
Health insurance and medical coverage benefits
401(k)
Generous paid time off
Stocked breakroom and full kitchen
Free weekly team workout at a local gym
Volunteering and local charity initiatives that help you nurture and grow the communities you call home through EquipmentCare
Opportunities for career and professional development with conferences, events, seminars, continued education

Since our founding in 2015, we've had explosive growth—and we're not stopping anytime soon. Ready to invest in our mission, invest in yourself and discover a better place to work? Then we'd love to meet you. Apply today.

EquipmentShare is an EOE M/F/D/V",4.2,"EquipmentShare
4.2","Columbia, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Commercial Equipment Repair & Maintenance,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
11,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"BacklotCars is seeking a Data Analyst to join our dynamic Data Operations team. We're an online marketplace for auto dealers and our platform is changing the way dealers buy/sell wholesale vehicles.

This person will partner with all departments to inform and track strategic initiatives with data. You'll move the business forward by working across all parts of the business-including Operations, Product, Tech, and Finance-to make data available and transparent so teams can make data-driven decisions.

What You'll Do:

Inspire and influence a data-driven culture by partnering and collaborating with stakeholders across teams
Leverage data to understand users and their product usage, developing insights that apply to product, marketing, and other business strategy.
Interpret data within the context of business goals and objectives, identify trends, and explore data through a variety of segments and cohorts
Build and maintain clear, concise, and accurate dashboards, standardize data communication processes, and create actionable reports
Improve and automate data tasks and continuously refresh existing data extraction, aggregation, and analytical processes
Partner with executives, product managers, engineers, marketers, designers to translate data insights into smarter decisions and applications.

What You'll Need:

1-3 years experience in product analytics, ETLs, other integrations technologies
Experience or exposure to Domo considered a huge plus
Programming experience highly preferred (Python, Javascript) - external data to augment our processes is frequent and you'll need the tools to harvest your own
Strong critical thinking and logic problem solving skills.
Extensive experience and passion for data, metrics and dashboards visualizations
Highly skilled at writing SQL and experience with SQL backend systems
Strong communication and presentation skills
independent and driven personality.
Degree in a related field or equivalent experience (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Math, Sciences, Engineering)

Why You Want To Work Here:

Cool people, solving cool problems to disrupt the marketplace
We value your input. You will have the opportunity to not only lead the growth on a new market but help us to continually improve our products and solutions
Opportunity to get in on the ""ground floor"" of a growing company

About Us:

BacklotCars is an online marketplace for auto dealers and is changing the way auto dealers buy/sell wholesale vehicles.

Through BacklotCars, auto dealers, auto finance, and rental car companies can transact without having to go to physical auctions. Our end to end solution is truly seamless for dealers, as BacklotCars provides vehicle inspections, transportation, and inventory finance. Our mission is to make wholesale easy so dealers can be more successful

The team at BacklotCars includes professionals from both inside and outside the auto industry, which gives us a unique perspective on its problems and innovative solutions. We blend our deep expertise in the auto industry and technology to modernize auto wholesale.

We were founded in Kansas City and graduated from 500 Startups, a prestigious accelerator in Silicon Valley. Since launching, we've seen tremendous growth and now help dealers buy and sell thousands of cars a month across 25 states. As one of the fastest growing early-stage startups in the region, we've attracted investors from all over the world.

We are looking for individuals who share our growth mindset, and who are ready to execute on ideas that will change an industry. Join us as we keep this expansion rolling.",4.3,"BacklotCars
4.3","Kansas City, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
12,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Essen Health Care is an integrated healthcare delivery organization that provides high quality, compassionate, and accessible medical care to many of the most under-served residents of New York State. Guided by a population health model of care delivery, Essen’s patient-centric approach is focused on meeting patient needs in all care settings. Founded in 1999, Essen clinicians provide care in all five boroughs of New York City. With 150 primary and specialty care physicians and almost 100 advanced clinicians, Essen Health Care is one of the largest, most comprehensive private medical groups in New York City, and is recognized for excellence in patient satisfaction and clinical care. With five clinical divisions, patient care is provided in medical offices, 16 urgent care centers, hospitals, and nursing homes, as well as directly to patients in their homes. The Care Management division cares for the community by addressing social determinants of health through RNs, care managers and care coordinators. Essen clinicians provide quality care for nearly 30,000 patient lives across our five clinical divisions. Essen was one of the initial practices to have achieved ‘Level 3 Patient Centered Medical Home’ designation in New York by the National Committee for Quality Assurance. In 2018, Essen Health Care was nominated for the Heritage Innovation Award. Essen continues to expand and grow in the five boroughs while extending its breadth of services and continuing to provide the communities with leading edge care.

Essen is currently seeking a Full-time Data Analyst for our IT Department. The selected candidate will be responsible for gathering and analyzing healthcare data from multiple sources (e.g. insurance processing, clinical operations, and patient behavior) to extract trends and business insights. Then evaluates encounter data and identifies errors created by operational processes, claims and eligibility processes. Must research the analysis and categorize the encounter. The primary responsibility for this position is to fully support the ongoing healthcare business intelligence and data analytics objectives. To succeed in this role, you should be analytical, resourceful and works under moderate supervision.

Essen is seeking an individual who is skilled in the use of Power BI, Excel, SharePoint and SQL databases for data analysis with scripting via Python.

The selected candidate will be responsible to perform daily Physicians duties including but not limited to:

Provides consulting and analytic services to leadership, operations and finance.
Monitors encounter data from various databases and creates monthly, quarterly and ad-hoc reports
Deliver reports in pre-defined formats based on submitted and agreed upon requirements
Analyze, present and explain information in accessible and actionable way (i.e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data)
Summarizes large volumes of encounter data in analytical reports that include tables and graphs for management review and use
Reviews and ensures accuracy of all ad-hoc and automated reports and corrects discrepancies
Programs using Excel and SQL or other appropriate software to generate reports based on input/direction from management and other report users
Collaborates with other departments and vendors to identify missing data, errors or other anomalies; works with them to correct these encounter data errors, gather necessary information and provide guidance on regulatory reporting needs
Building models and analyzing data to discover discrepancies and patterns
Pull and integrate data from disparate sources (i.e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data)
Collaborate with management and internal teams to implement and evaluate improvements
Expert knowledge of MS Excel
Strong knowledge of SQL – Formulate analytic questions as database queries
Strong hands-on familiarity with eClinicalWorks (ECW)

The successful candidate will have the following Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in health services research, actuarial science, statistics, or economics OR minimum four (4) years of data analyst or related experience, including proficiency with analytical software.
At least 1-year experience Data Mining complex sets and formulating custom reports.
Experience performing data analysis from ECW, Claims, Rosters, etc. in a health care or health plan organization, required.
Formal informatics training a plus.
Strong analytic and reporting skills required.
Effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills required.

ESSEN HEALTH CARE IS PROUD TO BE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

Essen Health care is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we seek candidates who desire to work in and serve an ethnically diverse population.",3.0,"Essen Health Care
3.0","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
13,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you interested in applying your analytical and mathematical concepts expertise to further your career? Do you enjoy working in a collaborative, fun environment where success is rewarded?

Join us as Data Analyst where you will be responsible for leading analytics initiatives, provide expertise on mathematical concepts, and collaborate with other departments to identify and prioritize actionable insights. This role will perform analysis and provide reporting through Excel and dashboards within the credit union to support recommendations made to Senior Management. Qualified applicants will have to be able to communicate complex ideas to nontechnical stakeholders in a way they can easily understand. This position will also assist in implementing a data driven culture, single source of truth, and effective data governance.

Pay: Salaried position. Based on experience.

Hours: Full time, Monday – Friday, 8:30 – 5:00

Work location: Portsmouth, NH

The Day to Day:

Design, develop, maintain and evaluate statistical and predictive models to identify historical trends and forecast future performance.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes (CECL, members behavior, charge-offs, share of wallet, members lifetime value, etc.).
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance.
Proactively develop/evaluate ROI analysis on every promotional campaigns as well as credit union products and services.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of all data sources and data gathering techniques for various type of analyses.

We Can Offer You:

Training to support your career goals.The chance to make a difference in your community, through day-to-day interactions and volunteerism.
Career growth opportunities.
Paid vacation and holidays.
Comprehensive medical/dental/life benefits.
401(k) plan.
Tuition assistance.

Experience and Qualifications:

Master’s degree in Math, Statistics, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, or Business is required.
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role working with large data sets and/or other practical analysis skills.
Strong working knowledge of and experience with business intelligence tools (Spotfire, Tableau, Power BI, etc.) and databases (SQL, etc.).
Knowledge of statistics techniques (regressions, tree-based, etc.) and advanced experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, Access, Python, R, etc.).
Understanding of data infrastructure and ETL frameworks.
Adept knowledge of financial statements and supporting schedule components.
Ability to organize and manipulate large data sets to extrapolate conclusions.

Physical Requirements:

Ability to stand for up to 2 hours.
Ability to lift boxes up to 20 pounds.
Ability to use computers for up to 8 hours.
Ability to travel to other work locations as required, if needed.

If you are looking for an exciting career, Service Credit Union is the place! Join us today!

Equal Opportunity Employer",3.4,"Service Credit Union
3.4","Portsmouth, NH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1957,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
14,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"QUALIFICATIONS:

Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data analyst or equivalent training and/or experience preferred.

Experience: Two years of experience with Microsoft Dynamics and/or Microsoft SQL highly desired.

Skills: Knowledge of the Microsoft 365 platform as it pertains to integrating with Dynamics CRM and SQL including SharePoint, OneDrive/OneNote, and Microsoft Teams.

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Perform all types of reporting, data management, and analysis utilizing Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM and Microsoft SQL. Will work in partnership with the Innovation Team and other Autry staff. Create custom work flows to improve business process automation.

A complete job description is available upon request. EOE

Primary Location Autry Technology Center, 1201 W. Willow Road, Enid, OK 73703
Salary Range Per Year
Shift Type Full-Time",4.6,"Autry Technology Center
4.6","Enid, OK",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,College / University,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
15,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title
Data Analyst

Job Profile Title
Data Analyst D

Job Description Summary
Data Analyst D
The data analyst will partner with the Faculty of the Penn Dermatology Oncology Center (PennDOC) and the Skin Biology and Disease Resource Based Center (SBDRC) to design, conduct, and publish research that improves the lives of patients with skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will enjoy a collegial relationship with a dynamic group of surgeons, clinicians, and basic scientists dedicated to conducting practical research about skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will also collaborate with clinical research coordinators in the Department of Dermatology and work with collaborating investigators from other specialties and outside institutions to ensure compliance with regulatory research requirements.
Applicants must have a strong background in creating and analyzing databases; knowledge in basic statistics; basic knowledge in regulatory requirements of the Institutional Review Board; excellent oral and written communication skills to work with a team and to draft research proposals and manuscripts; and organizational skills to prepare agendas and material for regular research team meetings.
The data analyst will receive mentorship from and report to the Director of Research Operations for the Department of Dermatology. The data analyst will have regular guidance from Faculty mentors, including Principle Investigators and Subject Matter Experts.

Job Description

With general direction, performs data analysis and assists with design of complex data models based upon business or research requirements. Often as part of a team, identifies and resolves required information flows and content issues, and transforms requirements into data designs and models. May perform analyses, development and evaluation on large databases and large complex installations. May provide reporting and decision support systems consultation. May provide data analysis expertise to one or more project or support teams. May work with vendor delivered solutions

Position contingent on funding.

Responsibilities
Develops and analyzes databases as indicated for research projects including clinical trials, observational, retrospective, and prospective studies. Maintains and enhances the existing database for Mohs micrographic surgery at Penn. Collects and organizes data from patient charts and existing databases (e.g. SEER, Optum). Develop and implement quality control plans to ensure data integrity and compliance.
Performs descriptive and inferential statistics, including regression analyses, and sample size calculations. Analyses may also include simple data descriptions (e.g., prevalence and incidence of outcomes), correlations, regression modeling (e.g., linear, logistic, cox proportional hazard models, mixed effects models, latent class analysis). Uses statistical programming language, such as SAS, STATA, R, or other programing language for analysis and collaborates with biostatistical experts when appropriate. Ability to use data visualization techniques in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, or with a programming language (e.g., R or Python. The analyst may need to learn additional statistical or bioinformatics (e.g., multi-omic data analysis) techniques for existing and/or future projects.
Drafting and submission of research grant proposals and manuscripts:
Partners with Faculty to complete research grant proposals and manuscripts. Common contributions from the data analyst include: preparing tables to summarize data and figures to illustrate statistics; drafting relevant portions of research proposals and manuscripts; submitting manuscripts and proposals; and managing correspondence with authors, journal editors, and reviewers.
Mentoring pre-doctoral research fellows and organizing research meetings:
Mentors pre-doctoral student researchers in study design and basic statistical analysis. Works with faculty mentors and Principle Investigators, including Director of PennDOC and PI/co-PI of the SBDRC to organize the agenda and materials for research group meetings.
Perform additional duties as assigned
Duties

The data analyst will partner with the Faculty of the Penn Dermatology Oncology Center and the Skin Biology and Disease Resource Based Center to design, conduct, and publish research that improves the lives of patients with skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will enjoy a collegial relationship with a dynamic group of surgeons, clinicians, and researchers dedicated to practical research about skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will also collaborate with clinical research coordinators in the Department of Dermatology and interface with collaborating investigators and biostatisticians from other specialties and outside institutions.

The data analyst will create and analyze databases; apply basic statistics to data; design data tables and figures; assist with manuscript and grant proposal drafting; ensure compliance with research regulations; and prepare materials for regular research team meetings.

Qualifications

Required:

3-5 years experience. 1-2 years of prior experience in clinical research or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Bachelor's Degree or higher educational attainment in biostatistics, biomedical informatics, public health, or related field that ensures a fundamental understanding of research design considerations. Master's Degree preferred.
Basic knowledge of regulatory requirements and how to appropriately fulfill them, including Institutional Review Board submissions.
Ability to perform descriptive and basic inferential statistics, including regression analyses, and sample size calculations.
Proficiency with basic computer programming skills, including basic Microsoft Office applications, e.g. Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Experience using a statistical programming language, such as SAS, STATA, R, or other programming language.
Working knowledge of relational database design, query, and reporting.
Excellent interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills
Ability to work both independently and with a team as well as the ability to manage up.
Strong organizational and documentation skills.
Preferred

Ability to import/export data into or from various formats into standard statistical software.
Experience in verifying, documenting, and cleaning large data files.
Experience with large administrative or claims datasets (e.g Medicare, SEER, NCDB, etc)
Familiarity with data standards and coding conventions.
Experience managing multiple projects effectively and meeting deadlines.
Experience with data visualization techniques in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, or with a programming language (e.g., R or Python).
Experience with mySQL or SQL

Working Conditions
Office, Library, Computer Room

Physical Effort
Typically sitting at desk or table

Contingent upon funding

Job Location - City, State
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School
Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range
$59,703.00 - $168,837.00

Affirmative Action Statement
Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements
Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.",4.3,"University of Pennsylvania
4.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1740,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
16,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Miod & Company, LLC seeks a Data Analyst. The analyst will help us create and generate reports as well as research new data sources.
COMPANY OVERVIEW*
Miod & Company is a forensic accounting firm based in Valencia, CA with a mission to deliver outstanding client service, provide fulfilling careers and professional satisfaction to our people, and achieve financial success so we can reward ourselves and grow. We’re an award-winning company (with great benefits) and looking for others to join our team of A Players.

As our company continues to expand and branch into other areas of customer fulfillment, we need a Data Analyst who can exercise functional independence in their projects, as well as help grow the Data Analytic aspect of our company. This individual is seeking an exciting, long-term career opportunity and can move forward with us in this expansion.
POSITION OVERVIEW*
This is a part-time role with the potential to grow into a full-time position, reporting to our Managing Director. For this role, you’ll need to live in or near Valencia, CA and be willing to work in our co-working space in Valencia 3-5 days per week. Typical hours for this role are 8:30am – 5:30pm, Monday – Friday.

While repetitive tasks are certainly part of this position, the tasks assigned can vary from week to week based on the needs of the business. We expect our Data Analyst to perform with a high level of efficiency, confidentiality, accuracy, and positivity in order to support the initiatives at Miod & Company.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES*
The Data Analyst will have (but are not limited to) the following primary responsibilities:
Assisting in the generation of recurring reports
Managing and maintaining client data
Performing analysis on unique datasets
Performing research on company websites and other publicly available data sources
QUALIFICATIONS*
Entry level with/or earning a *Bachelor’s degree* (B.A.) from four-year college or university in related field of study; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Strong knowledge of *Microsoft Excel* including Macros/VBA, Pivot Tables, and Microsoft Power BI
*Analytical* – collects and researches data; uses intuition and experience to complement data; able to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
*Design* – generates creative solutions; attention to detail
*Business Acumen* – understands business implications of decisions; displays orientation to profitability; demonstrates knowledge of market and competition; aligns work with strategic goals
*Problem Solving* – identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; ability to troubleshoot and research; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; uses reason when dealing with emotional topics
*Project Management* – coordinates projects and communicates progress with manager; manages multiple, concurrent assignments; completes projects on time
*Technical Skills* – strives to continuously build knowledge and skills
*Interpersonal Skills* – focuses on solving conflicts and not deferring blame; maintains confidentiality
*Written and Verbal Communication* – writes clearly and informatively; edits work for spelling and grammar; presents numerical data effectively; able to read and interpret written information; speaks clearly; listens and gets clarification
*Teamwork* – exhibits objectivity and openness to others’ views; gives and welcomes feedback; contributes to building a positive team spirit; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; supports everyone’s efforts to succeed
*Organizational Support* – follows policies and procedures; completes administrative tasks correctly and on time
If this list of qualifications describes you, please submit a cover letter and your resume.

Miod & Company is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We strongly encourage applications from all well-qualified candidates, regardless of race, color, gender, gender identity, religion or religious belief, disability, age, nationality, national or ethnic origin, pregnancy, sexual and reproductive health decisions, sexual orientation, marital or civil partner status, caregiver status, military service eligibility, veteran status, or status in any other category in this regard protected by law.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Pay: $15.00 - $20.00 per hour

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Analysis Skills: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Hours per week:
10-19
20-29
Typical start time:
9AM
Typical end time:
5PM
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
miod-cpa.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/MiodandCompany/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"Miod and Company LLP
5.0","Valencia, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
17,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:

Symetra has an exciting opportunity to join our Data and Analytics team as a Data Analyst!

About the role


The Data Analyst will be responsible for crafting, developing and maintaining database components and providing support for data integration initiatives. This position is responsible for understanding and documenting business and technical data requirements by partnering with business customers and business analysts. The Data Analyst will also draw out requirements by analyzing existing reports, queries, and data.

What you will do
Document enterprise-wide and application team specific data/reporting requirements
Transform client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation rules
Debug and optimize existing queries, views, and tables to improve performance
Provide technical consulting in the definition, design, and creation of Microsoft SQL database environment
Ensures that the documentation is complete and up-to-date
Manage the SQL Server database and maintain database documentation
Create custom reports to support multiple functional users
Work closely with management in functionality needed to extract and manage data
Design admin screens layouts and functional user experience using custom interface tool
Depict moderately complex-to-complex ideas, issues and data designs to varied audiences
What we offer you


We don’t take a “one-size-fits-all” approach when it comes to our employees. Our programs are designed to make your life better—both at work and at home.
Flexible work program and telecommute arrangements
Wellness program offering employees a variety of resources crafted to assist you in reaching and maintaining your optimum health
Plan for your future with our 401(k) plan and take advantage of immediate vesting and company matching up to 6%
Paid time away including vacation and sick time, flex days and ten paid holidays
Give back to your community and double your impact through our company matching
Want more details? Check out our Symetra Benefits Overview
Requirements:
Who you are
Bachelor of Science degree in Information Technology, Information Systems, or Computer Science
3-5 years of related work experience with SQL Server data administration. Business and data analysis experience
Proficient in Microsoft SQL Server
Outstanding communication, interpersonal and reporting/presentation skills. Report development experience with SSRS. Experience in proactive analysis, scripting and generating reports
Experience with ETL tools, appliances and platforms a plus – MuleSoft, Informatica, Jitterbit, CastIron. Experience in Financial Services/Insurance a plus
We empower inclusion


At Symetra, we embrace and celebrate diverse experiences, identities and perspectives, because lifting each other up fuels thought and creates a stronger, more innovative company. Learn more here.

In a complex industry, we strive for clarity.


Symetra is a dynamic and growing financial services company with 60 years of experience and customers nationwide. In our daily work delivering retirement, employee benefits, and life insurance products, we're guided by the principles of VALUE, TRANSPARENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY. That means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and honestly so people understand what they're getting, and we build products that stand the test of time. We work hard and do what's right for our customers, communities and employees. Join our team and share in our success as we work toward becoming the next national player in our industry.

For more information about our careers visit www.symetra.com/careers.",3.5,"Symetra
3.5","Bellevue, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1957,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
18,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"COMPANY OVERVIEW:

Knoll is a constellation of design-driven brands and people, working together with our clients to create inspired modern interiors. Since 1938, we’ve been thinking about how people interact with their environments, and how their environments impact what they do. Our strength in office systems, seating, furniture, textiles, leather and architectural accessories allows us to compose integrated solutions from products and services that naturally work together.

To learn more, visit www.knoll.com

POSITION OVERVIEW:

The Data Analyst, functioning within the Procurement Organization, will create and maintain the databases used for reporting key procurement data.
Responsible for supporting the Procurement teams in various aspects of metric management (definition, target setting, ongoing status reports), process development and deployment – with emphasis on definition, development and roll out of related IT systems and tools, and program management for new and ongoing purchasing initiatives.
Enhance and refine procurement database strategy to meet changing business requirements.
Leverage existing database and systems to provide monthly procurement results for:
Spend
Savings, Inflation and Tariff
Compliance
Supplier Performance
Supplier Stocking Agreements
Lead and develop enhancements for Supplier Performance Scorecard.
Manage key operational projects to contribute to strategic plans; preparing and completing action plans; implementing, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; identifying trends; determining system improvements; implementing change.
Compile reports and documentation to aid in the planning of the Procurement yearly fiscal plan.
Compile data and documentation to aid in the preparation of annual GSA report.
Compile data and documentation to aid in the preparation of annual Conflict Minerals report.
The position holder will also drive business investigations within the Procurement organization to identify improvement opportunities or specific change requirements to better support the business through enhanced contributions from our supply base in terms of cost, responsiveness, on time delivery and technology capabilities/innovation.
Prepare reports and documentation to prepare for purchase price standards.
Expert in MS Office suite and knowledge with JDE and Oracle applications. Proficient with MS Access is required.

Job Responsibilities:

Procurement database development and optimization (simplification, automation, integration)
Prepare and facilitate monthly, quarterly and annual reporting meetings and provide related documentation. Keep related scorecards up to date.
Update and publish monthly Supplier Scorecards.
Manage monthly Supplier Scorecard data review process.
Manage monthly Procurement Savings, Inflation and Tariff review and reporting process.
Manage quarterly Procurement data required for Knoll Financial Results reporting.
Update/create written procedures/work instructions and training documents.
Process design and review with all stakeholders.
Collaborate and align with key partners on development and improvement of cross functional processes.
Interface and work with IT teams (Local and HC Global Teams assigned) for system architecture and related activities.
Develop business cases in support of business requirement.
Report out to management on progress, achievements and required escalations for support.
Prepare and facilitate monthly/quarterly reporting meetings and provide related documentation. Keep related scorecards up to date.

Required Skills

Expert in MS Office, particularly MS Access and MS Excel, is required.
Knowledge of JDE and/or Oracle applications preferred.
Knowledge and experience with Tableau preferred.
Experience in project management is preferred.

Required Experience

College Degree in related discipline.

Knoll is an Equal Employment opportunity employer. Employment selection and related decisions are made without regard to race, color, sex, religion, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, genetic information, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to a reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or other applicable laws. If you require an accommodation due to a disability at any time during the application or interview process, please contact Talent Acquisition at recruiting@knoll.com..",4.1,"Knoll
4.1","East Greenville, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1938,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
19,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Requisition no: 508331
Work type: Full Time
Location: Medical Center
School/Department: Pediatrics
Grade: Grade 103
Categories: Research (Lab and Non-Lab)
Job Type: Officer of Administration
Regular/Temporary: Regular
Hours Per Week: 35

Position Summary

The Department of Pediatrics is seeking a Data Analyst to fill a Full Time position in the Division of Cardiology. Columbia University Medical Center’s Department of Pediatrics is a world leader in providing care for children. Our mission areas include Healthcare, Education and Research. We offer care for our patients in over 25 specialty areas as well as individualized care for complex cases. Our Residency, Fellowship and Graduate programs are among the best in the Nation. Our Clinical, Translational and Basic Science research features collaborations across specialties and stretches from the bench to bedside. We also have several active Clinical trials available to our patients. The position is responsible for collaborating with Principal Investigator (PI) and other team members to link and analyze large registry and claims data. For this Full Time position, we seek a person with strong data analytic and communication skills to join our team in the assessment of national claims data, clinical registry data, and electronic health records (EHR), to evaluate drivers of outcomes, value, and health inequities for children with congenital heart disease.

Responsibilities

Working directly with the PI and team to design and implement new projects and to make sure analyses are useful, accurate, and clearly communicated.

Merging, cleaning, documenting, and managing administrative and clinical registry-based datasets.
Analyzing data quality and integrity; identifying and solving data quality problems;
Coding and creating new variables; preparing analysis files; producing statistical summaries, charts and tables; and communicating results.
Participate in developing research designs, analytic plans, and communicating results
Develop programs, methodologies, and files for analyzing and presenting data
Import and clean raw datasets and evaluate data quality
Perform statistical analyses according to the study design (e.g., hierarchical modeling, survival analyses, weighted analyses, difference-in-difference, simulation, etc.)
Accurately and appropriately interpret and communicate results
Detect and address issues in data and analytic results
Clearly communicate processes used and results achieved, and suggest new and alternative approaches
Assist in writing and editing manuscripts for publication
Cultivate deep familiarity with methodological approaches and data
Participate in designing applied research and conducting related analyses
Any other related duties as assigned.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in education and experience required, plus 2 years of related experience.

Preferred Qualifications

Master’s degree in statistics, economic, statistics, public health, data science, or a related quantitative area preferred.
We are looking for a person with experience and graduate training related to health care delivery, public health, and/or the financing of the United States health system.
The ideal candidate will have had some experience working with health administrating/insurance claims data and/or electronic health records.
Prior experience with the Department of Health or other training with large data will be viewed favorably.
While the position requires technical skills, we are particularly looking for a person passionate about making the health system work more efficiently and effectively for children and in growing as a member of our team.
Desire to learn and to join a team aimed at improving quality and value of care for children with complex chronic conditions is a must

Other Requirements

Strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills and a desire to grow as a member of the team
Attention to detail
Ability to manage complex research and analyses
Strong analytic, organizational, and time management skills
Proficiency in STATA, SAS, R, or other statistical programs
Must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization.

Equal Opportunity Employer / Disability / Veteran

Columbia University is committed to the hiring of qualified local residents.

Applications open: Aug 19 2020 Eastern Daylight Time
Applications close:",3.9,"Columbia University
3.9","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1938,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
20,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"CTDI is a large scale Engineering, Repair, and Logistics company that services the country’s largest wireless telecommunications providers, as well as the largest High-speed Internet & Cable providers. CTDI has over 7,000 FT US Employees in over 58 world class US Operations. CTDI also has a global footprint with more than 16,500 employees worldwide.

We are looking for a passionate Data Analyst to turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions. You will conduct full life cycle activities to include requirements analysis and design, develop analysis and reporting capabilities, and continuously monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements. Day-to-day responsibilities will include:

Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and “clean” data, and review computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Other duties as assigned.

Required Skills

Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (databases, programming, etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Able to us Tableau to develop reports/dashboards

Required Experience

BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
5+ years of experience as a data analyst
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Good reporting skills and experience with tools like Tableau
Experience with SOC controls a plus

Apply today to join our dynamic team! CTDI offers an excellent compensation and benefits package and has been a growing leader in the telecommunications field for over 40 years. Come put our successful history behind your career! EOE, Gender/Minority/Veterans/Disabled

CTDI does not accept unsolicited employment agency / recruiter resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited resumes to our website, to our HR Department or to any CTDI employee. CTDI will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm without a signed fee agreement or to any firm who was not issued a search assignment from CTDI's HR Department. CTDI will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered.",2.6,"CTDI
2.6","West Chester, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1975,Company - Private,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
21,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"job summary:
Our client in Jacksonville, FL is looking for a Data Analyst to join their growing team. The client is open to 100% remote resources. Sponsorship is not available.

location: Jacksonville, Florida
education: No Degree Required",3.7,"Randstad US
3.7","Jacksonville, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
22,"Nurse Informatics Data Analyst, Biomedical Informatics",$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB SUMMARY:

This role bridges the gap between business end-users, clinical data scientists, leadership, and medical informatics to support development of systems for both operations and research purposes. Supports customer use of electronic health record and other technology and associated workflows, including troubleshooting when issues arise, under occasional guidance. Educates customers on use of sound informatics principles, including but not limited to problem shaping, design requirements, change management, etc. Gathers and integrates appropriate data, conducts analyses using SQL, and provides manual chart review and annotation.

Department/Unit Summary:

The mission of the Vanderbilt Department of Biomedical informatics has complementary themes that include education, research, service, and a commitment to our colleagues in our own institution and around the world. The Educational Mission is to educate undergraduate, graduate, and postgraduate trainees in the theory and practice of biomedical informatics. The Research and Service Mission is to develop and evaluate innovative technologies for the storage, retrieval, dissemination, and application of biomedical knowledge, in order to support clinical practice, biomedical research, life-long learning, and administration and as a result, to contribute to the professional body of knowledge in the field of biomedical informatics. The Professional and Ethical Mission is to maintain cooperation and collegiality with all those who learn and work with us locally, nationally, and internationally; and, to develop and disseminate ethical and professional standards for the conduct of biomedical informatics research and for the use and evaluation of health care informatics applications.

Position Shift:
Day Shift/ Exempt Position
Click here to view how Vanderbilt Health employees celebrate the difference they make every day:

Celebrate 2019

Click Here To View The VUMC Promise of Discovery

Discover Vanderbilt University Medical Center:

Located in Nashville, Tennessee, and operating at a global crossroads of teaching, discovery and patient care, VUMC is a community of individuals who come to work each day with the simple aim of changing the world. It is a place where your expertise will be valued, your knowledge expanded and your abilities challenged. It is a place where your diversity — of culture, thinking, learning and leading — is sought and celebrated. It is a place where employees know they are part of something that is bigger than themselves, take exceptional pride in their work and never settle for what was good enough yesterday. Vanderbilt’s mission is to advance health and wellness through preeminent programs in patient care, education, and research.

VUMC Recent Accomplishments

Because we are committed to providing the best in patient care, education and research, we are proud of our recent accomplishments:

· US News & World Report: #1 Adult Hospital in Tennessee and metropolitan Nashville, named to the Best Hospitals Honor Roll of the top 20 adult hospitals, 10 nationally ranked adult specialty programs, with 3 specialties rated in the top 10 nationally, Monroe Carell Jr. Children’s Hospital at Vanderbilt named as one of the Best Children’s Hospital in the nation, with 10 out of 10 pediatric specialties nationally ranked.

· Healthcare’s Most Wired: Among the nation’s 100 “most-wired” hospitals and health systems for its efforts in innovative medical technology.

· Becker’s Hospital Review: named as one of the “100 Great Hospitals in America”, in the roster of 100 Hospitals and Health Systems with Great Oncology Programs and to its list of the 100 Hospitals with Great Heart Programs.

· The Leapfrog Group: One of only 10 children’s hospitals in the to be named at Leapfrog Top Hospital.

· American Association for the Advancement of Science: The School of Medicine has 112 elected fellows

· Magnet Recognition Program: Received our third consecutive Magnet designations.

· National Academy of Medicine: 22 members, elected by their peers in recognition of outstanding achievement

· Human Rights Campaign Healthcare Equality Index: 6th year in a row that Vanderbilt University Medical Center was a Leader in LGBTQ Healthcare Equality.

Additional Key Elements/ Responsibilities:

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
Analyzes and annotates complex medical charts using technical experience and clinical judgement to trace data quality issues or leverage data/information to improve outcomes or create new knowledge to advance patient care. Identifies data quality trends through chart review and provides this to leadership to address.
Utilize multiple sources of data including tools to analyze and resolve problems.
Develops work plans to ensure analysis is completed accurately and on time.
Gathers and integrates appropriate data and conducts analyses using SQL.
Chooses or develops appropriate data collection tool, output/visualization for the end-user or leadership, and communicates findings effectively.
Under minimal supervision, provides a single point of contact to partner with customers in defining issue, scope and objectives.
Ensures adherence to the highest of quality standards and maintains appropriate documentation.
Collaborates with ETL and QA teams, VUMC stakeholders, subject matter experts, end-users, and third-party application experts to support business needs.
Acts as liaison between operations, research teams and medical informatics departments and performs analysis of needs for new services or enhancements.
Assists with submission of IT enhancement requests and guiding those requests through the process on behalf of customers. Assists ETL team and leadership in analyzing customer requests for changes or enhancements to production. Communicates with clients and conducts fact gathering sessions for enhancements. Handles simple root cause analysis of business data issues and provides clinical data guidance to non-clinical computer scientists on more complex issues.
Competently identifies data mapping gaps and provides data requirements.
Assists with improvements in workflows and processes with technology components through workflow gap analysis and current state and future state planning. Identifies new opportunities to optimize content delivery and improve user experience via content mapping efforts
Supports data use workflows by coaching customers thru processes to troubleshoot and resolve technological or clinical considerations in collaboration with other teams as appropriate.
Collects data and information pertinent to the situation and uses effective communication to define issues and problems. Identifies key stakeholders.
Utilizes current evidences based nursing knowledge, including research findings to guide practice.
Works on projects and work groups. Lead small area-based projects with oversight from manager or director.
The responsibilities listed are a general overview of the position and additional duties may be assigned.

CORE ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Organizational Impact: Delivers job responsibilities that impact own job area/team with some guidance.
Problem Solving/ Complexity of work: Uses existing procedures, research and analysis to solve standard job related problems that may require some judgement.
Breadth of Knowledge: Requires subject matter knowledge within a professional area to meet job requirements.
Team Interaction: Individually contributes to project/ work teams.

Position Qualifications:

· Bachelor's Degree (or equivalent experience) and 2 years experience required. (**3 years of experience in information technology and clinical healthcare operations strongly preferred**)

Registered Nurse License Required
CA
IND000
NHCN
Basic Qualifications

Additional Qualification Information:

• Current RN license in state of TN (Required) • Bachelor’s Degree in Nursing (Required)• Master’s Degree in Nursing Informatics (Preferred)• Experience in information technology and clinical healthcare operations. (Required)• Experience conducting manual chart reviews and conducting annotation on electronic health records (Preferred)• Experience or desire to learn to work with relational databases using SQL and assisting in the development and curation of clinical data. (Preferred)• Understanding of the extract, transform, load (ETL) and Quality Assurance (QA) process. (Preferred)• Certification- American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC) - Nursing Informatics or CPHIMS (Preferred)

Physical Requirements/Strengths needed & Physical Demands:

Sedentary category requiring exertion up to 10 lbs. of force occasionally and uses negligible amounts of force to move objects. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time.

Movement

Occasional: Standing: Remaining on one's feet without moving.
Occasional: Walking: Moving about on foot.
Occasional: Lifting under 35 lbs: Raising and lowering objects under 35 lbs from one level to another
Occasional: Carrying under 35 lbs: Transporting an object holding in hands, arms or shoulders, with help of coworkers or assistive device.
Occasional: Push/Pull: Exerting force to move objects away from or toward.
Occasional: Bending/Stooping: Trunk bending downward and forward by bending spine at waist requiring full use of lower extremities and back muscles
Occasional: Reaching above shoulders: Extending arms in any direction above shoulders.
Occasional: Handling: Seizing, holding, grasping, turning or otherwise working with hand or hands.
Frequent: Sitting: Remaining in seated position
Frequent: Reaching below shoulders: Extending arms in any direction below shoulders.
Frequent: Bimanual Dexterity: Requiring the use of both hands.

Sensory

Continuous: Communication: Expressing or exchanging written/verbal/electronic information.
Continuous: Auditory: Perceiving the variances of sounds, tones and pitches and able to focus on single source of auditory information
Continuous: Vision: Clarity of near vision at 20 inches or less and far vision at 20 feet or more with depth perception, peripheral vision, color vision.
Continuous: Smell: Ability to detect and identify odors.

Environmental Conditions",3.6,"Vanderbilt University Medical Center
3.6","Nashville, TN",-1,10000+ Employees,1874,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
23,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Duties and Responsibilities:

Design reports in web-based analysis tools, Crystal Reports, and label systems
Client data loads into SQL database
Monitor business systems through queries to alert and resolve issues
Provide initial technical support and analysis to business users
On-boarding and testing of EDI trading partners in ERP system
Maintaining industry standards documentation

Skills and Specifications:

Knowledge of Microsoft SQL and how to write SQL queries is required
Proficiency with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio
ETL (extract, transform, load) skills
Crystal Reports or SSRS
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word)
General knowledge of ERP systems and business processes

Education and Qualifications:

Bachelor degree in Information Systems, MIS, or Computer Science
Authorized to work for any company in the United States
Written and oral communication in English required
Must reside in the Toledo, Ohio area, no relocation available

Competitive Benefits Package:

Competitive compensation will be based on educational background
Health Insurance and company paid health care spending account
401(k)
Holiday, personal, and vacation paid time off",4.0,"Tech Group International
4.0","Toledo, OH",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
24,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who We Are

At Cross River, we are building the best banking and technology products for fintechs, all through APIs. As venture-backed pioneers of the platform-based financial services model known as the sponsor, or partner, bank, we work closely with our partners to offer products such as payments rails and loan origination services to the latest in regulatory and compliance solutions. What drives us every day? A desire to innovate in the service of financial inclusion. Giving access to consumers, whether they are looking for credit or for a better way to pay has been in our DNA from day one. Our nimble, adaptive, one-step ahead culture is powered by our people, their creativity, tech-forward thinking, and collaborative spirit, we are experiencing explosive growth.

What we are looking for

Cross River's Technology team is made up of problem solvers hungry to perfect new products and systems. As SQL Developer, you play a key role. In this role you will focus on SQL reporting. The Technology team cares about results, not activity, and we have fun doing it. If you like challenging problems are analytical, and a great team player—we want to hear from you!

Responsibilities:

Using SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, Domo, or SAS
Design, develop, optimize, maintain and support ETL processes using data warehouse design best practices and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to integrate data from multiple source systems into a Data Warehouse, cleansing data, transforming and loading data from multiple formats using SSIS and stored procedures
Create and optimize SQL Statements, Procedures and Functions
Modify databases according to requests and perform tests
Solve database usage issues and malfunctions
Liaise with developers to improve applications and establish best practices
Ensure all database programs meet company and performance requirements
Research and suggest new database products, services and protocols
A successful candidate will have hands-on experience in a multitude of domains; including, but not limited to database design, data warehousing, business intelligence, big data, database tuning, application optimization, security, virtual computing and storage, incident tracking, and general database administration
Documenting procedures for all tools / processes you create.

Qualifications:

Working independently or minimal supervision
Proven work experience as a Database developer
5 years' experience with SSRS
Hands on experience with SQL
Knowledge of software development and user interface web applications
Familiarity working with .Net Framework, JavaScript, HTML and Oracle
Excellent analytical and organization skills
An ability to understand front-end users' requirements and a problem-solving attitude
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field

Preferred qualifications:

SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, Domo, or SAS
Experience with C# .Net development

Cross River is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Cross River does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.",3.5,"Cross River Bank
3.5","Fort Lee, NJ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
25,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job description:
Manage business intelligence tool (Power BI), from technical design, on-boarding, training, and education to implementation and maintenance.
Align with leaders across the organization to build and maintain relevant data definitions, KPIs, and dashboards.
Manages, analyzes, and resolves data initiative issues and manages revisions needed to best meet internal and customer requirements while adhering to published data standards.
Align with leaders across the organization to build and maintain relevant data definitions, KPIs, and dashboards.
Influence business decisions by creatively visualizing and reporting findings so that the data tells an impactful story.
Ensures master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the processes to support the data quality.
Ensures quality of master data in key systems, as well as, development and documentation of processes with other functional data owners to support ongoing maintenance and data integrity.
In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies, controls, and programs to ensure the enterprise data is accurate, complete and reliable.
Manages, analyzes, and resolves data initiative issues and manages revisions needed to best meet internal and customer requirements while adhering to published data standards.
Work closely with the business/IT to ensure alignment of master data rules and the operations of the application meet all requirements. Minimum requirements: • Bachelor’s degree in information science, data management or related field or equivalent combination of education and experience.
2 years of Microsoft Power BI experience
3-5 years working experience of strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong business acumen with the ability to translate information into relevant and actionable insights
Related work experience and knowledge of ETL, data warehouse, and business",4.2,"Horizontal
4.2","Austin, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
26,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"The New York City Department of Investigation (DOI) is one of the oldest law enforcement agencies in the country with a mission of combating municipal corruption. It serves the people of New York City by acting as an independent and nonpartisan watchdog for New York City government, City agencies, and City employees, vendors with City contracts, individuals and entities that receive City funds.

DOI seeks a Data Analyst who will support the criminal and policy-driven investigations of the Inspectors General. The Data Analyst will assist DOI investigators with building and enhancing complex investigations through large scale data collection and analysis.
The Data Analyst is expected to:
• Develop and enhance practices for identifying patterns and trends related to fraudulent financial activity.
• Ensure the collection, management, and analysis of quality data from external sources.
• Conduct quality assurance of data.
• Maintain, summarize, and report on outcomes of data searches.
• Work collaboratively with DOI investigators to generate investigative leads, create reports, and interpret data.
• Present findings in a cogent manner through detailed and accessible reports to key decision-makers.

If selected, the candidate will be fingerprinted and undergo a background investigation. In addition, for positions that have a law enforcement and/or investigative function, the candidate's consumer credit history will be reviewed during the background investigation, and as otherwise permitted by NYC Administrative Code § 8-107(24)(b)(2)(A).

Minimum Qual Requirements
A four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a State's Department of Education or a recognized accrediting organization and four years of satisfactory full-time experience in an industrial or governmental agency in the field of investigation, auditing, law enforcement, security, inspections, or in a major operational area of the agency in which the appointment is to be made; or
A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university; or
Education and/or experience equivalent to ""1"" or ""2"" above.
Preferred Skills

• Experience working with data analytics.
• Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, or Information Technology, Computer Science, or Information Systems.
• Advance knowledge in MS Excel: VBA, Data Models, and ability to create Pivot Tables and complex nested formulas.
• Strong written and verbal communication skills.
• Knowledge in SQL and experience with any RDBMS: MS SQL Server (T-SQL), Oracle (PL/SQL), MySQL (SQL/PSM), and PostgreSQL (PL/pgSQL).
• Knowledge in Python, R, C++ ,and/or Java.
• Knowledge in analytics software (i2 Analyst Notebook, Palantir, Cognos, etc.).
• Database related certifications from Oracle or Microsoft.
• Demonstrated interest in law enforcement, criminal justice, or social service.

To Apply

All current City Employees may apply by going to Employee Self Service (ESS) http://cityshare/ess then click on Recruiting Activities/Careers and Search for the specific Job ID# 435571.

All other applicants please go to www.nyc.gov/career/search and search for the specific Job ID# 435571.

Please do not email, mail or fax your resume to DOI directly. Submissions of resumes does not guarantee an interview. Due to the high volume of resumes DOI receives for positions, only selected candidates will be contacted.

Appointments are subject to Office of Management & Budget approval for budgeted headcount.

The City of New York is an equal opportunity employer and is strongly committed to a policy of non-discrimination. We are committed to recruiting a diverse and inclusive talent pool.

Residency Requirement

New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.",3.9,"New York City DEPARTMENT OF INVESTIGATION
3.9","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
27,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

Donegal Insurance Group is a regional property-casualty insurance company doing business in 26 states, headquartered in Marietta, PA, with 7 regional offices located in Athens, GA, Le Mars, IA, Grand Rapids, MI, Albuquerque, NM, Greenville, OH, Glen Allen, VA, and Sheboygan Falls, WI.

Donegal offers a broad range of personal and commercial insurance products sold exclusively through our network of independent agents. We are committed to the independent agency system and proud of the company's heritage, which spans over 130 years. Donegal's strong financial foundation and successful operating strategies have earned the company a rating of 'A' (Excellent) by the A.M. Best Company, the nation's leading insurance rating organization.

Job Summary

Donegal Insurance Group has an opening for a Data Analyst to work in the Business Intelligence area. Primary responsibility will be to provide data for business intelligence solutions for all functional areas based on business need. This role will work closely with IT to acquire data, identify analytical requirements and perform business analysis using various techniques, e.g. statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, data mining. This role will help in determining best practices and develop actionable insights and recommendations for the current business operations. This role will help ensure business intelligence applications and analyses enhance business decision-making capabilities.

Responsibilities and Duties

Based on business requirements, provide data from multiple sources for use in building analytical solutions which enhance decision-making and/or refine operations.
Aid in the interpretation of results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining.
Coordinate the use of data to develop, modify, and enhance reports and dashboards based on user requirements.
Create, enhance, and maintain data models/sets.
Identify business trends and problems through data analysis.
Collaborate with business users and members of IT, including business analysts, database architects, and managers.
Gather and document user requirements.
Perform usability testing and report data validation against end user requirements.
Gain familiarity with data structure in the Donegal data warehouse and various data marts.
Exhibit a commitment to data quality by validating results against requirements.
Ensure duties are performed in adherence to all Federal, State, and Local laws and regulations.
Comply with guidelines, policies, and directives outlined in the company handbook and department manuals.
Provide timely, courteous, and quality customer service to customers.
Clearly demonstrate commitment and participation to team goals and objectives.
Reliable attendance and punctuality.

Qualifications and Skills

Bachelor’s Degree in Business Intelligence, Computer Sciences, Information Technology, Data Science, Data & Analytics, Mathematics, Statistics, Actuarial Science or related field required.
1-2 years of related experience preferred.
Experience working with property/casualty insurance preferred
PC skills to include:
Microsoft Office applications
Power BI, SSRS and Excel
SQL
Oracle
Relational and dimensional modeling concepts
DAX and M expression languages
Open-Source Software (e.g. R / Python)

Benefits

Donegal Insurance Group offers a comprehensive benefits package for all full-time, permanent positions. Learn more about our benefit offerings by visiting our Benefits page.

Additional Information

Donegal Insurance Group participates in E-Verify in the following states: Alabama, Arizona, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nebraska, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Utah. If you reside in one of the listed states, please review the ""Notice of E-Verify Participation"" and the ""Right to Work Poster"" on the links below:

Notice of E-Verify Participation Poster (English and Spanish)
Right to Work Poster (English and Spanish)

Powered by JazzHR

0l48vaRArB",3.7,"Donegal Insurance Group
3.7","Marietta, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1889,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
28,Data Operations & Reporting Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"Reporting to the Vice-President of Analytics, the Data Operations & Reporting analyst will join the analytics center of excellence at IDT Telecom. You want data? You got it!
The Data Operations & Reporting Analyst will be responsible for supporting data flows from the analytics team to various parts of the organization, including Sales, Marketing, or the finance department, in addition to building custom reporting
Specifically, the Data Operations Analyst will:
Support data flows into IDT’s CRM platform, making modifications to SQL queries as appropriate
Manage day-to-day data feeds and operations into various marketing platforms, including our mobile apps
Manage and build custom reports in Tableau
Build one-time, ad hoc queries or reports for the Marketing or Sales teams
Manage operations for one-time promotions or other activities as determined by the marketing team. This includes for example issuing credits to customers if there were product outages which negatively impacted the customer experience
Help the analytics tam combine data from multiple data sources for analysis
Help execute marketing campaigns that are too complex for the existing marketing automation tool
Help send out communications to customers (SMS, email, app push) based on requirements, when campaigns are too complex for the marketing automation tool
The analyst should expect
50% of the workload to be regular, ongoing operations, and 50% of the workload to be one-time requests that support specific business initiatives in the organization.
At IDT, we understand the challenge of being apart from those who matter most. Communicating, transferring money, and mobile phone service must be safe, simple, and affordable. Our flagship brand, Boss Revolution, which includes our International Calling, Mobile Top Up, and Money Transfer services, as well as our Boss Revolution Mobile, net2phone, National Retail Solutions, IDT Express, and IDT Carrier Services divisions all support IDT’s mission of enabling our customers to keep in touch and share resources with their friends and family around the world.
IDT is listed on the NYSE, employs over 1000 people across 20+ countries and has revenues in excess of $1.5 billion. Since 1990, IDT Telecom has remained a pioneer in Prepaid VoIP and UCaaS telephony. Today, we are an industry leader in prepaid communication and payment services and are one of the world's largest international voice carriers.",3.5,"IDT Corporation
3.5","Newark, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1990,Company - Public,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
29,Data Analyst,$84k-$145k (Glassdoor Est.),"We create smart innovations to meet the mobility challenges of today and tomorrow. We design and manufacture a complete range of transportation systems, from high-speed trains to electric buses and driverless trains, as well as infrastructure, signalling and digital mobility solutions. Joining us means joining a truly global community of more than 36 300 people dedicated to solving real-world mobility challenges and achieving international projects with sustainable local impact.

Alstom’s approach can be summarized in one word – “fluidity”. Alstom is a global leader in passenger, freight and mining rail transportation, signalling, and infrastructure, and sets the benchmark for innovative and environmentally friendly technologies. We are a global leader in the transportation sector, in the digital age. As a promoter of sustainable mobility, Alstom develops and markets systems, equipment and services for the transport sector. Alstom offers a complete range of solutions (from high-speed trains to metros, tramways and e-buses), passenger solutions, customised services (maintenance, modernisation), infrastructure, signalling and digital mobility solutions. Alstom is a world leader in integrated transport systems. The company recorded sales of €8.1 billion and booked €12.1 billion of orders in the 2018/19 fiscal year. Headquartered in France, Alstom is present in over 60 countries and employs 36,300 people. Visit www.alstom.com to learn more about our business.

Data Analyst

Responsibilities

Work with NAM GSI Business Team and other business stakeholders to clearly understand KPI reporting, tool, and working-level reporting needs for every stream / métier
Determine, document and communicate KPI reporting, tool, and working-level reporting design for developer use; Ensure designed solutions meet scalability and security requirements
Develop and implement validation plan for KPI reporting, tools, and working-level reports
Implement user rollout, support and training for KPI reporting, tools, and working-level reports
Ensure required training documentation is current and available throughout region
Consolidate requirements and identify common solutions; Ensure common solutions maximizing consistency, efficiency, reuse, and alignment with future needs; Allow for needed configurability
Recognize and ensure best practices in KPI reporting, tool, and working-level reporting, including data integrity, accuracy, and reliability, as well as documentation
Coordinate with other team members to ensure the best technical tool and solution
Ensure solutions are sustainable over time while minimizing required support
Ensure effective communication through meetings, Q&A database, Sharepoint, Teams, etc.
Identify, request and facilitate needed Change Requests, Service Requests and Incident resolutions
Complete other assignments if/as assigned by the NAM GSI Business Team Leader
Shift work hours as needed to ensure productive results with offshore teams

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Technology or related field
>2 years experience with ERP systems, business intelligence, and data visualization tools
>2 years experience as a hands-on data engineer or developer
>1 years experience with SAP Business Objects
>1 year experience with Qlik Sense
Knowledge of Business Objects, Business Warehouse, BEx Designer, Bex Analyzer, Analysis for Office and Microsoft Excel
Knowledge of dashboard development including concept design and build
Knowledge of data processes, report validation methods and data warehouse
Knowledge of user business practices, concepts and terms to enable data mapping identification
Strong problem solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Good leadership and teamwork skills
Ability to resolve conflicts, concerns and risks, communicate progress, and deliver on time
Good software development life cycle understanding, including agile, with Business Intelligence

Desired Qualifications

Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Technology or related field
>2 years of rail industry experience
>2 years experience with SAP systems

We believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce is a lever to running a sustainable and successful business. We are dedicated to creating an inclusive environment where all our employees are encouraged to reach their full potential, and individual differences are valued and respected.

Alstom offers competitive salaries, an excellent benefits package, and flexible work options, as well as a uniquely diverse and unified team of professionals. Our culture supports an environment where employees can continuously learn and gain professional growth through education, exciting projects and career mobility. Alstom recognizes your achievements and excellent performance through various performance incentive, recognition and reward programs. Our commitment is to you, the employee. Come work in an environment that is driven by integrity, innovation and visionary thinking. Make the switch to a new track and join Alstom today!

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. Alstom is a drug-free workplace.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.

Accommodations for Applicants with Disabilities

Alstom provides reasonable accommodations and/or assistance to applicants with disabilities and disabled veterans (including but not limited to other protected veterans and individuals with known physical and mental limitations). If you need a reasonable accommodation/assistance for any part of the application and/or hiring process, please contact Alstom’s Recruiting Department at careers.us@alstom.com (please use“Accommodation Request” as the subject line).

Job Segment: Database, ERP, Computer Science, Developer, SAP, Technology",3.8,"ALSTOM
3.8","Grain Valley, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1928,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
30,Revenue Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Because you belong at Twilio

The Who, What, Why and Where

Twilio is seeking a Revenue Data Analyst to join our FP&A team. The team is building additional muscle to analyze customer and product usage for our high-growth business. You will play a critical role in analyzing the drivers of revenue performance and uncovering trends that will inform investment strategies and revenue maximizing initiatives. The role will require partnering with sales, marketing, and product teams to understand the data in a complex, usage based business model and share insights. The right candidate has a mix of technical, business, and analytical skills to identify and analyze ambiguous problems in a fast-paced environment.

Who?

Twilio is looking for an individual who lives the Twilio Magic and is excited to bring their data and analytical skills to a collaborative team-based working environment. This is a highly visible role for an enthusiastic analyst looking to take the next step in their career. We seek someone who has:
2+ years of data analysis experience in a professional organization.
Strong analytical skill set; experience in manipulating data sets using SQL, Python, R or other programming/scripting language.
Comfort with statistical concepts and methods for analyzing data.
Intense curiosity about understanding key drivers of a complex business.
Desire to build predictive and other ad-hoc models.
Track record of prioritizing and managing multiple projects and priorities.
Experience working with sales and marketing metrics at a SAAS company desired.
What?

As a Revenue Data Analyst, you will:
BE AN OWNER: Be responsible for understanding the core drivers of revenue. Deep dive into metrics and data to deliver actionable large-scale analyses.
DRAW THE OWL: Build predictive and other ad-hoc models to support business decisions.
BE BOLD: Have strong intellectual curiosity to partner with teams throughout the business to understand the available data and existing models that can be leveraged. Build analyses for understanding customer traffic patterns and churn across products.
EMPOWER OTHERS: Partner with sales and marketing to determine the core levers of our business and to identify revenue maximizing initiatives.
Why?

Twilio is a complex, high-growth, and quickly evolving business. The Finance team is central to Twilio's decision making process and the GTM Finance team guides company investment decisions to maintain Twilio as the platform to fuel the future of communications. As a Revenue Data Analyst, your ability to identify and understand trends, opportunities, and problems--and more importantly, recommend a course of action--will play a critical role in charting Twilio's future.

Twilio is committed to your growth, your learning, your development and your entire employee experience. We only win when our employees succeed and we're dedicated to helping you develop your strengths. We invest in weeks dedicated to tackling hard problems and creating your own ideas. We have a cultural foundation built on diversity, inclusion and innovation and we want you and your ideas to thrive at Twilio. Come join us.

Where?

This position can be located at our Denver or Atlanta offices or remote. Around the world, Twilio offers benefits and perks to support the physical, financial, and emotional well being of you and your loved ones. No matter where you are based, you will experience a company that believes in small teams for maximum impact; seeks well-rounded talent to ensure a full perspective on our customers' experience, understands that this is a marathon, not a sprint; that continuously and purposefully builds an inclusive culture that empowers everyone to do their best work and be the best version of themselves.

About us:

Millions of developers around the world have used Twilio to unlock the magic of communications to improve any human experience. Twilio has democratized communications channels like voice, text, chat, video and email by virtualizing the world's communications infrastructure through APIs that are simple enough for any developer to use, yet robust enough to power the world's most demanding applications. By making communications a part of every software developer's toolkit, Twilio is enabling innovators across every industry — from emerging leaders to the world's largest organizations — to reinvent how companies engage with their customers.",4.0,"Twilio
4.0",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
31,Data Analyst - Influenza/COVID,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Career Opportunities: Data Analyst - Influenza/COVID (1388)

Req Id 1388 - Posted 09/28/2020 - Lansing, MI - Administrative - Full-Time

 Job Description Print Preview

Apply

Save Job

Email Job to Friend

Return to List

MPHI is a Michigan-based and nationally engaged, non-profit public health institute. We are a team of teams, process and content experts, dedicated to building A world where tomorrow is healthier than today!

Title: Data Analyst - Influenza/COVID

$20.19 - $23.08 / Posed thru: 9-13-20

Employee Name: TBD

Supervisor: Justin Henderson

Purpose: Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) epidemiologists conduct year-round statewide surveillance of respiratory illness due to influenza and non-influenza respiratory pathogens, including COVID-19. MDHHS participates in the national Influenza Hospitalization Surveillance Program (IHSP), which coordinates the collection of data from hospitalized influenza and COVID-19 patients in a specified catchment area. The successful candidate will work with the IHSP team in the MDHHS Enteric & Respiratory Diseases Epidemiology (ERIE) Unit, Surveillance of Infectious Disease Epidemiology (SIDE) Section of the Division of Communicable Disease.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform data entry, data management, data analysis, and case follow-up for influenza, COVID-19 and other respiratory viral illnesses.
Conduct medical chart reviews, data extraction, and update case reports in database.
Assist with expansion efforts of the IHSP program.
Liaise with hospitals participating in the IHSP to carry out the grant deliverables.
Participate in quality assurance efforts.
Assist with disease outbreak investigations as needed.
Assist with grant-related projects.
Participate in state-level preparedness activities to respond to any public health emergency.
Aid and support as needed for activities and projects within the Surveillance and Infectious Disease Epidemiology Section and Communicable Disease Division.
Report/update on a regular basis to Supervisor.
Maintain a positive, credible, professional relationship with all parties relevant to MPHI and MDHHS projects and represent the best interest of MPHI and MDHHS at all times.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications / Requirements:

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Science, Public Health and/or Statistics Preferred candidate will possess a Master’s degree with a major in epidemiology or in public health with a minimum of 12 combined graduate level term hours or 8 semester hours in epidemiology and biostatistics.

Experience: One year working in public health or infectious disease is highly preferred.

Important Skills and Characteristics:
Knowledge of infectious disease epidemiology.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications, such as Access, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and familiar with email/internet browser software.
Works well in team situations, is self-motivated, meets deadlines, and handles multiple tasks with minimal supervision.
Must possess excellent oral and written communication skills and be able to present scientific and technical information to audiences.


Work Environment and Physical Requirements: Standard office environment. Valid motor vehicle operator’s license may be required to perform duties of the position. Occasional site visits will be required. Remote work (home office) may be required due to social distancing policies.

Contact Person/Group Frequency Purpose

Unit Manager Daily Position oversight

Section Manager Daily Position oversight

IHSP Epidemiologists Daily Coordination of work

ID Epidemiologists As needed Guidance

RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE WORK OF OTHERS: No assigned responsibility.

“For purposes of employment standards, this classification is “Non-Exempt” from the overtime provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act.”

MPHI works with you to promote health for everyone. Together, we will build a world where tomorrow is healthier than today!

MPHI is an EEO/AA employer that participates with e-verify.

Apply

Save Job

Email Job to Friend

Return to List

Email this job to a friend




The job has been sent to

Please provide the information below

Job title:


*Your email address:


*Your friend's email address:


Message:


*Confirm you are not a robot:


Send

Cancel",3.5,"MPHI
3.5","Lansing, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1990,Nonprofit Organization,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
32,Business Analyst I (Data Exchange),$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Specialist, Business Analysis (a.k.a. Business Analyst I) is an entry-level position and crucial role in fostering the strategic partnership between business and technology. The incumbent is responsible for developing requirements and related business rules for existing and new software solutions in the market. This position is a subject matter expert for one service line and works closely with a business partner and other subject matter experts in the definition, development, testing, training, implementation, and support of functional requirements. Our solution delivery follows the Agile Scrum process.

The Specialist provides cross organizational support, as needed. Additionally, in this exciting role they are responsible to run multiple projects at once, and uses creative and innovative methods for analysis, design, documentation, and tool selection. The ideal incumbent understands and documents integration points and dependencies with other systems and will utilize simple queries to check the status of a service line.

How You Contribute:
Contribute to the successful on time, on budget and in scope delivery of business initiatives.
Accurately represent the needs of the business owner(s) to software IT development teams and vice versa.
Lead grooming meetings to solicit, review, document, and refine requirements via interviews, workshops, group meetings, and/or existing systems documentation or procedures with Product Owner, Business Stakeholders and IT.
Define wireframes, sequence diagrams, and data flow diagrams.
Understand and effectively communicate to project teams and business owner all the data elements utilized by the service.
Derive business requirements from use cases in an agile environment.
Create, revise, validate, and maintain business flow maps, business requirements, business rules, user stories, user flows, and acceptance criteria.
Produce“as-is” and“to-be” process flow diagrams.
Define conceptual technical and/or non-functional requirement documents to translate business requirements into technical information that developers can use.
Document and maintain traceability of requirements.
Work with users and QA to lead the development of test cases based on documented requirements and perform user acceptance testing during sprints and as part of formal testing activities.
Collaborate with other business analysts to identify all cross-system interfaces, dependencies and requirements.
Be able to analyze the impact of new business requirements/user stories on the current application from both a business and technical perspective.
Participate in daily stand-up meetings with both Technology and other business partners to facilitate the understanding, clarification, and implementation of requirements in an Agile development environment.
Accountable for presenting timely, accurate project and product information.
Work with business owner to drive consensus across multiple stakeholders.
Demonstrate NSC’s competencies, which align with our corporate value
Core Competencies include: Customer Focus, Optimizes Work Processes, Collaborates, Communicates Effectively, and Be Open and Authentic
Manager will provide more detail to candidates as needed.
Position may be required to perform other duties as required. These essential functions are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.

What You Bring to the Table:
Bachelor’s degree in IT, business, or related field, or a combination of education and experience, including through military service will also be considered.
1-3 years of directly related experience in soliciting and defining requirements for mission critical business applications across technology, business and finance, or knowledge of Clearinghouse services and applications typically gained by at least 1 year of Clearinghouse work experience.
Demonstrated experience in successfully performing in a leadership role, and effectively working independently as well as on a team and across organizational boundaries.
Experience in analyzing data for composing targeted and concise reports.
Ability to solicit, define and write business requirements from research, customers and internal feedback into user stories that have to become part of a solution.
Demonstrated proficiency:
Working with Agile principles and processes and Merit-based feature/product evaluation driving decision making.
Communicating effectively and confidently with internal stakeholders to represent the product, department, and company.
Working with Microsoft Office Suite and other collaboration tools.Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication and presentation skills.
Live within a commutable distance of Herndon, VA.
Additional Desired Requirements:
Knowledge of Clearinghouse services and applications.
Experience with:
Software development management tools (Rally, Jira, Confluence).
Student Information Systems such as Ellucian, Peoplesoft, Jenzabar, Workday.
SQL, XML, EDI and/or ETL frameworks.
Certification: Certified Scrum Product Owner (CSPO), or an equivalent certification, strongly preferred.
Strong technical writing skills particularly user story acceptance criteria, user guides and API implementation guides.
Physical Demands:

Use of a computer for 8 or more hours a day.
Use of a copy machine and telephone.
Frequently required to sit for 7 or more hours per day in close proximity to others in an open office environment.
Occasionally required to use hands and fingers to operate, handle, and reach.
Vision abilities include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Travel via car, train, and airplane when needed.",3.0,"National Student Clearinghouse
3.0","Herndon, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Colleges & Universities,Education,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
33,CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are hiring an experienced CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst to help us keep growing.
If you’re dedicated and ambitious, Eye-bot is an excellent place to grow your career. Don’t hesitate to apply.
Required Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of experience preparing existing conditions’ surveys
Proficient with the following software’s:
Microstation / OpenRoads
ContextCapture
AutoCAD / Civil3D
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams, etc.)
Google Earth Pro
Photogrammetric and/or LiDAR point clouds, Topography, Point classification, and DTM/DSM processing
Triangular Irregular Networks (T.I.N.) / Contours
Preferred Qualifications
Boundary and ALTA/NSPS Land Title surveys
Photogrammetric Mapping Experience
Working knowledge of conventional surveying equipment and GPS
Experience using terrestrial/mobile LiDAR, and Unmanned Aerial Systems
Adobe Creative Suite
Bluebeam pdf editor
Understanding trigonometric mathematics and data collection used in surveying
Understanding and applications using and applying different coordinate systems and projections.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Coordinate with project managers to ensure that multiple projects with simultaneous deadlines are completed on schedule (manage workloads and tasks for self and others)
Communicate with project teams via email and phone regularly throughout the design process
Field-to-Finish data import field data to create CAD files for various uses in engineering, design, and construction in both 2D and 3D CAD environments.
CAD drafting skills; knowledge regarding land surveying; courthouse research
Point cloud processing, Point classification, DTM/DSM surface creation
Develop quality products, using industry and client standards under the direct supervision of a Professional Land Surveyor
Position Details
Competitive compensation
Casual attire throughout the week
Friendly, open, and team-oriented work atmosphere
Excellent benefits for full-time employees including medical, vision, and dental
Eye-bot is an equal opportunity employer",5.0,"Eye-bot Aerial Solutions
5.0","New Kensington, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
34,Product Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"OVERVIEW:

As the Company expands its product offerings, there are rapidly growing needs to use both external and internal data sources to ensure optimal financial and operational performance. The Product Data Analyst is a highly skilled and proficient in their discipline which adds value to the organization. The role will focus on internal data sources, ensuring we have access to the required data and are using effective reports to monitor and interpret this data.

TEAM OVERVIEW:

The Product Strategy Group works to ensure the Company offers competitive products that provide growth and profitability. The group performs a wide range of analytics and uses both internal and external data sources to achieve these ends. We interact and provide guidance primarily to Product, Marketing & Finance.

COMPANY PERKS:

Competitive pay, 401k with company match, Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Educational Reimbursement, Commuter benefits, Discount programs, Inventor patent bonuses

COMPANY OVERVIEW:

Stamps.com (NASDAQ: STMP) is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to customers including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia®, ShipStation®, ShipEngine®, ShippingEasy®, ShipWorks®, GlobalPost and MetaPack™. Stamps.com’s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 500 unique partner applications.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Primary Objectives:
Ensure Product, Operations and Product Strategy groups have timely access to reliable data to make critical, real-time business decisions
Develop a strong working relationship with the Company’s Business Intelligence group; serve as the primarily liaison between the above-mentioned groups and BI
Drive the data reporting strategy for these groups; develop reports to the specifications of these teams; and evaluate appropriate software tools to most efficiently meet team needs
Essential Position Duties:
Acquire, clean, and structure data from multiple sources; analyze data to discover and interpret trends, patterns, and relationships. Working across departments, help us ensure data quality and present data in a way that makes it easy to communicate among different groups.
Master large data sets with SQL and Tableau
Build dashboards and reports, presenting key insights and ensuring data driven actions to improve the business
Seek out improvements in current internal reporting and performance monitoring to drive more accuracy, better insights, and more streamlined processes
Perform other duties as assigned
Additional Job Duties:
Sit for prolonged periods of time
Utilize wrist and hands for a prolonged period of time
Walk short distances
Stand for short periods
Speaking and conversing with others
Lift up to 25 lbs without assistance up to chest height
QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor degree, preferably in a quantitative/analytical field.
Four or more (4+) years of relevant experience.
Skills and Knowledge:
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, including ability to analyze large amounts of data and be able to make recommendations based on identification of trend and gaps along with creating forecasts based on historical data.
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, with strong attention to detail.
Must be a self-starter and ready to work in an intense but fun environment with our existing team of marketing professionals.
Strong communication and relationship-building skills.
Self-motivated individual who is able to prioritize and multi-task.
Works well under pressure and able to meet tight deadlines.
Ability to conduct complex work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgement.
Computer/Software/Application Proficiency:
Advanced Excel user, with strong SQL knowledge
Experience with visualization software such as Tableau required
Travel Requirements:
None anticipated
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about the Stamps.com Privacy Policy for California residents linked here.

#LI-KD1",3.9,"Stamps.com
3.9","El Segundo, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
35,Contract Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Amyx is seeking to hire a Contract Data Analyst located in Rosslyn, VA. The successful candidate must have A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization. Also, a minimum of 2 years of experience serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities and Skills:

Knowledge of WAWF eBusiness processes.
Knowledge of the federal acquisition process.
Knowledge of contracting principles, laws regulation and procedures.
Knowledge of methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.
Knowledge and Experience of the WAWF eBusienss Suite, to include: iRAPT, EDA, IUID, CDR, MyInvoice, and Contract Closeout.
Good verbal, analytical and written communication skills.
Good organizational skills in tracking data and actions.
Knowledge and Experience writing professional documents.
Knowledge and Experience in Customer Service.
Skilled in Business Intelligence Reporting.
Proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of applications including Word, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Project as well as with Adobe Acrobat.

Supported Technologies:
Integrative Acquisition Environment
DOD acquisition system

Qualifications:

Required Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and preferred majors are accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.
2 years of experience required in serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:
Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition procedures

Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.
Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
Physical Demands
Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.",4.0,"Amyx, Inc.
4.0","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
36,Lead Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary

FGL Holdings—the F&G family of insurance companies—is committed to helping Americans prepare for and live comfortably in their retirement. Through its subsidiaries, F&G is a leading provider of annuity and life insurance products. For nearly 60 years, we have offered annuity and life insurance products to those who are seeking safety, protection and income solutions to meet their needs.

At F&G, we believe our culture is what makes our company great. In 2019, we received a Top Workplace award, which we credit to our employees' shared cultural values: Collaborative, Authentic, Dynamic and Empowered. We believe that by embracing these values, we will continue to build and strengthen the company, while being a great place to work. We recruit talented and committed individuals to join our team, and we provide opportunities for personal and professional growth.

The Lead Data Analyst will be responsible for performing data analysis for the Information Technology department as well as supporting the assigned projects for business clients of Information Technology. As a senior team member, the Lead Data Analyst will assume lead roles in data design and data modeling, oversee the work of other less experienced data analysts, and participate in the strategic planning around future development of the F&G data environment.

Organization

This position reports directly to the Manager, Data Analysis and Integration and has significant interaction with members of the IT organization, Third Party Administrators, group managers, and departmental analysts throughout the organization. In addition, interaction with the PMO (for prioritization and reporting) and related management (owners of the business interface function) will be critical and ongoing.

Duties and Responsibilities

Data Analysis

Directs interaction with the business leaders, developers, DBA team and end-user to gain a thorough understanding of the data being requested
Provides effort estimates for analysis and design of data interfaces
Maps requested data fields from Third Party Systems to F&G data structures and/or provides oversight and guidance of other Data Analysts performing the task
Creates data field conversions from Third Party systems to F&G definitions or provides oversight and guidance to other Data Analysts assigned to perform the task
Manages complex TPA Data Changes from inception to production and/or leads other Data Analysts performing the task
Documents Data requirements and effectively communicate them to the Development teams
Creates and refines documentation templates to support the SDLC process improvements
Works directly with the Third-Party data staff to develop the requested data interfaces
Tests the data received from the Third-Party systems for accuracy of format and conversion definitions or providing oversight and guidance of other assigned Data Analysts performing the task
Leads complex data efforts for all data related production support incidents
Works independently with minimal direction
Participates in hiring of new data analysts and assists with their on-boarding and training
Mentors and oversees the work of other Data Analysts to ensure that they are meeting their deliverables

Report Design

Responsible for the collection, analysis, interpretation and summarization of data in the generation of reports for end-users
Designs and or develops database objects (databases, tables, stored procedures, database functions) to support the collection, tracking and reporting of business data
Designs, develops and supports reporting tools that utilize advanced features in MS Excel and MS Access (i.e. VBA, macros)
Works with Developers to automate reports, processes and tests results

Data Consultation

Acts in a consultative position for answering questions about the available data and the data that it is possible to capture from the Third-Party systems
Provides support for miscellaneous data projects

Data Governance

Works with the data team to maintain current and accurate Data Classifications
Participates in Data Steward Council meetings and activities
Supports data needs and questions of Data Stewards
Participates in all Data Quality initiatives

Experience and Education Requirements

Required

Bachelor's degree (preferred emphasis in computer science or MIS) or equivalent combination of education and experience
8+ years of experience
Experience with Life and Annuity insurance systems
5+ years of experience with SQL Server 2000 or higher
5+ years of experience developing logical and physical data models
Thorough understanding of the software development life cycle (SDLC)
Excellent/proven troubleshooting and problem resolution skills
Experience with SQL query tools such as Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio or Toad
Experience in working with Data Governance policies and procedures
Experience in creating data marts and other data warehousing practices

Preferred Requirements

Experience leading a team
Experience implementing and/or working with metadata
Experience working with Informatica IDQ or similar data quality tools
Experience working with XML files for data integration
Experience with database design/modeling tools such as Erwin
Experience with Microsoft Visio
Experience with Tableau

Skills and Abilities

Knowledge of Big Data and Master Data Management
Knowledge of data integrity protocols and security requirements and techniques
Strong technical documentation skills
Strong time management and organizational skills to enable productivity in a fast-paced, dynamic development environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work effectively in team-based development projects
Excellent interpersonal skills.

Physical Demands and Work Environment

Must be able to work in a fast-paced team environment and handle multiple projects and assignments under tight deadlines
Must demonstrate willingness to work flexible hours as needed to accommodate business needs and deliverables
Must be able to sit in front of a computer for extended periods of time

#INDHP

#LI-JS1",3.8,"Fidelity & Guaranty Life
3.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
37,Senior Data Modeler / Business Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst
Location: Midtown Atlanta (remote during COVID)
Duration: 24month +

MUST HAVE
Business Analysis experience - capable of accurate requirements gathering and display excellent written communication skills.
Apache Hadoop environment
Exceptional SQL querying
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (Dimensional design, Entity Relationship diagrams)
Job Description
Seeking Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst The successful candidate must have solid data modeling and business analyst experience and must demonstrate an affinity for working with others to create successful Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehouse (DW) solutions. He/She must be an excellent communicator, both written and verbal, and have experience working with business areas to translate their business data needs and data questions into project requirements. He/she must also have an educational background in Data Analysis and Data Modeling as well as on the job experience as a data modeler.
This position provides the opportunity to be involved in new BI and DW solutions, such as Dashboards and Reports, and to work with many different business areas within the company. The candidate will participate in all phases of the BI/DW development life cycle and will independently and collaboratively write project/enhancement requirements and perform data modeling duties.
He/She will coordinate with technical BI/DW development staff through design, construction and implementation as a business area liaison, consultant and UAT tester.

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (5+ years) on the following platforms:
Teradata and either Oracle or DB2
Experience in using data modeling techniques and tools (focused on Dimensional design), Entity Relationship diagrams, ERWIN, etc.
Exceptional SQL skills with ability to write complex queries
Experience in translating business requirements to SQL-based ETL
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Proficient testing skills unit, system and integration
Strong business analyst and requirements gathering/writing skills
Experience in developing according to SDLC and accustomed to working with technical documents (flowcharts, programming specifications, etc.)
Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills
Apache Hadoop ecosystem
Nice To Have (candidates will get preference)
Data Relational & Dimensional modeling on the following platforms:
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access
Knowledge of CA Erwin Data Modeler
Knowledge of DataStage development techniques
Knowledge of Unix/Linux platform and shell scripting
Experience with Teradata or Oracle/Exadata database performance tuning
Experience with ChangeMan MVS code versioning software
Experience with Zeke MVS/Zeke Agent Job scheduler
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite
Railroad knowledge and experience
Analyst Attitude Profile:
Self-starter, responsible, professional, accountable
A finisher, seeing a project or task through to completion in spite of challenges
Strong team ethic and customer-support focus
Ability to contribute knowledge by sharing business & technology skills with peers
Good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and instincts
Education
Bachelors Degree preferred. Preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related field

#aptonetjobs",5.0,"Aptonet Inc
5.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
38,Marketing Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:
Can you work in a relationship with other people where it requires ongoing flexibility?
Do you have an upbeat, positive attitude?
Do you take pride in knowing you are helping to make things happen?

If you can answer yes to these questions, Idaho Central Credit Union may have an opportunity ideally suited for you.

As a Marketing Data Analyst, your primary function is to interpret credit union data, analyze results and implement decisions based on the data. You will be responsible for turning data into information and insight that aids in campaign and business decisions. Also you will be responsible for performing a range of functions in support of market research, market assessment and campaign implementation.

Responsibilities:

Assist in managing technical aspects of key marketing systems (marketing automation, CRM, data warehouse) used to generate, distribute, and report.
Establish and maintain scalable processes that ensure best practices in campaign and lead management.
Create and maintain metrics reports on marketing and sales activities, effectiveness, and business impact.
Analyze marketing and sales data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization
Monitor and maintain data quality within the marketing database.
Evaluate new technologies and add-on applications to improve and optimize marketing team performance.
Manage membership targeting to strengthen relationships, prevent attrition, and increase profitability.
Leverage web and email engagement to create member insight and data to help improve individual experiences with our digital channels.
Generate and govern segmentation efforts by developing queries and custom reports, target groups, and campaigns for product and service performance.
Track all marketing campaigns and provide meaningful analysis and insight for future efforts.
Analyze consumer segments and other demographic information from the membership database to provide insight for product development, usage, and cross-sell opportunities.
Manage third-party vendor integration with marketing systems including Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Integrator MCIF, Encompass CRM and Microsoft Power BI.
Represent the Credit Union at community events as needed.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Mass Communication, Advertising or related field. 5-9 years of experience with database marketing required. Preferable experience with: Raddon Integrator MCIF, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, and data warehouse experience. Strong analytical skills. Proficiency in marketing automation systems and integrating those systems with other technologies. Technically capable, excellent communicator and a desire to improve processes. Math skills, Secondary-level computer knowledge including Microsoft Office, especially Excel and pivot tables, etc. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of Credit Union and member records at all times. A demonstrated cooperative and positive attitude toward members and other Credit Union staff. Professional in appearance, attendance, quality, and quantity of work performed. Ability to analyze member needs, develop, and coordinate marketing activities to fit member needs with Credit Union products and services. Must be willing to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot Act as implemented by Idaho Central Credit Union. Team member will be asked to work extended/unique hours.

Perform tasks requiring manual dexterity (processing paperwork, filing, stapling, sorting, collating, typing, counting cash, etc.) Sit for extended periods of time. Lift 20-40 pounds of office supplies (copy paper, computer paper, mail, etc). Some heavy lifting may be required in order to execute proper event logistics. Repetitive motion using wrists, hands, and fingers. Reach keyboards. Ability to operate basic office machines (calculator, computer, telephone, copy machine, fax machine, etc).

Must be eligible for membership at Idaho Central Credit Union to obtain employment.

EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

Idaho Central Credit Union is a dynamic financial institution that is focused on helping our members achieve financial success. Established in 1940 we have become the largest and fastest growing financial institution in the state of Idaho. ICCU was voted for large companies the Best Place to work in Idaho. We have also been named by S&P Global Market Intelligence as the top performing credit union in the nation. We are a talent based organization looking for talented individuals to help our members achieve financial success.",4.2,"Idaho Central Credit Union
4.2","Chubbuck, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
39,Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. You will be responsible for generation, maintenance and delivery (ad hoc, on-demand and automated) of basic reporting and data requests throughout the organization. Utilizing numerous types of data, both modeled and disparate, this analyst will produce accurate, timely reports as requested for various levels of management that is essential for decision-making and performance management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision.

In This Role You Will...
Support in designing, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions organization-wide. Additionally, this role will maintain proper documentation for all ad-hoc, on-demand and standard/regularly-occurring reports distributed.
Takes initiative to learn new types of data with regular guidance from BI leadership by exploring data as well as research into business processes/workflows generating the data
Gains understanding that is critical for delivering accurate report results.
Works with Data Governance to ensure new data is properly documented and understood.
Pursues and shows consistent growth in relevant, technical skills such as SQL, SSRS & Sales Force reporting.
Accumulates and retains knowledge of business practices/procedures at CCM quickly, using this information to think critically about all reporting requests received.
Builds accurate views and queries for use by the organization and potentially other BI analysts, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Assists in conversion of legacy/queries reports in Microsoft Access to other tools like SQL, SSRS, Sales Force Reporting or Tableau
Learns to address expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of reports, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings.
Works in collaboration with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Establishes strong working relationships with the business, taking the initiative to help internal customers refine the scope of reporting requests to ensure internal customers are asking for the data they actually want.
Partners with Data Services and Governance team to address Data Quality and Governance issues that arise, making recommendations as necessary for trends/issues that are discovered
Collaborates with the BI team to develop relevant and repeatable policies and procedures for preparing business reports and departmental processes
Under the direction/guidance of BI's Tableau Developer/Data Analyst, develops dashboards and visualizations in Tableau for consumption by the organization as assigned by department leadership.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Understanding of modern business analytics technology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data and ensure accuracy
Ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
0-2 years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.3,"Christian Care Ministry
3.3","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
40,Senior Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Company Overview:

Guided by a mission to help, ABILITY, an Inovalon company, is a leading information technology company helping healthcare providers and payers simplify administrative and clinical complexity by enabling data-driven improvements in healthcare.

Through specialized, easy-to-use applications and data analytics that work together, customers of all types and sizes across the continuum of care – rely on ABILITY to help optimize reimbursement, care quality and staffing.

Our employee philosophy is simple: We hire smart, talented people and trust them to do their thing. As part of ABILITY, you’ll grow with a company that wants you to succeed. To support you, we provide the teams, the latitude, the support and the culture so you can try new things, broaden your experience, and grow and succeed with us. Join our team and help make ABILITY a great place to do great work.

Job Purpose:

There are two primary outcomes of this Senior Data Analyst role. The first outcome is to provide analysis and reporting to leadership to drive the business forward. The second outcome is to keep our systems and data warehouse efficient and accurate through writing efficient SQL code, designing automated reporting, and providing recommendations to committees for further process/workflow automation. This role will be interacting with all departments and job roles, from the bottom of the org chart up to the President of ABILITY and will require strong communication and technical skills.

Responsibilities


Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Developer of ad-hoc, automated, and recurring reporting enterprise wide (Executive Team, Finance, Marketing, Sales, Sales Operations, Customer Operations, IT, Development, Product Management)
Develop and maintain a database and reporting structure in order to remain the primary source of data analytics and reporting within the company
Communicate your analysis and reporting in an easy to understand way through presentations, email, and with proper documentation.
Learn & maintain an in-depth knowledge of the processes relevant to data analytics that are in place for each department while identifying areas for process improvement and working to fix them
Perform month end variance analyses to understand in detail the drivers for variations in financials and various other 'ad-hoc' analyses as requested to help identify what is happening within the business
Lead, encourage, and support all analysts with reporting, insights, project review, and training in our data measures and structures
Research and implement new reporting solutions, both with internal applications and external applications in order to utilize our technology to the fullest
Maintain compliance with Inovalon’s policies, procedures and mission statement;
Adhere to all confidentiality and HIPAA requirements as outlined within Inovalon’s Operating Policies and Procedures in all ways and at all times with respect to any aspect of the data handled or services rendered in the undertaking of the position;
Fulfill those responsibilities and/or duties that may be reasonably provided by Inovalon for the purpose of achieving operational and financial success of the Company;
Uphold responsibilities relative to the separation of duties for applicable processes and procedures within your job function; and
We reserve the right to change this job description from time to time as business needs dictate and will provide notice of such.
Qualifications
BA/BS in Finance, Accounting or related Data Analysis field
Minimum 5 years of related experience
Expert knowledge in Microsoft Office suite including Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
Ability to write complex SQL queries required
Experience with Tableau required
Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) required
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrate ability to work effectively with others within a complex, fast paced organization required
Capability to work independently when needed, with strong “executive presence”
Merger and acquisition experience a plus


Travel: 0%",3.0,"Ability Network
3.0","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
41,2021 IT - Advanced Data Analytics Product Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Information Technology - Advanced Data Analytics Product Analyst Intern

The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco believes in the diversity of our people, ideas, and experiences and our committed to building inclusive culture that representative of the communities we serve.



FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM OVERVIEW

The Federal Reserve Bank’s mission and work are built on over hundred years of strength, stability, and excellence. No other organization does what we do or has a greater impact on global economies. Our mission is to promote low inflation, full employment, and financial stability as well as provide services to financial institutions and the Treasury.

FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO OVERVIEW

The Reserve Bank of San Francisco is one of Twelve Reserve Banks responsible for setting the nation’s monetary policy, serving the as the fiscal agent for the United States Treasury and supervising banking institutions, ensuring their stability and compliance with banking regulations. Our headquarters are in SF, CA serving the largest geographic district within the Federal Reserve System. With Branches offices in Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Salt Lake City, and Phoenix.

GOLD INTERN PROGRAM OVERVIEW

Invest in your future and consider joining the Growing Opportunity for Leadership and Diversity (GOLD) Program. Our paid internship program will offer you the opportunity to work on projects that supports the Bank’s business and impact the United States economy.

GROUP/DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW

Within the ADAC team, our day to day tasks revolve around supporting one of the multiple projects that are being worked on by our team. Specifically on my project, daily tasks include, writing user stories, participating in scrum meetings, working on user stories (as applicable), building report-out decks for management.

POSITION/PROJECT OVERVIEW

This project/position would challenge the intern because usually interns do not have a lot of experience working within a product team. Our team is extremely product focused and will continue to be so in the future. Additionally, we are currently focusing on Cloud technologies which allows interns to learn in detail more about the cloud environment as well as get hands on experience within the cloud.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

The intern will write user stories for our development team, work on user stories (as applicable), gather functional requirements from stakeholders and product leadership, work through information security aspects (as necessary), present on completed user stories (as necessary), support product leadership with marketing, customer outreach, etc.

REQUIREMENTS:
U.S. Citizen or Permanent Residency
Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, or Senior standing in a 4-year bachelor’s degree program
Ability to work 40 hours week throughout the duration of the approximately 10 -week internship program
MS Suite Proficiency
Strong written communication skills
PREFERRED SKILLS:
Desired skills: SQL, Tableau,
Students graduating in 2021 or 2022
Jira, AWS Cloud, product management, agile methodology
The Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1913,Government,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
42,Treasury Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
43,"Senior Analyst, Data Analytics & Reporting",$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

Outset Medical is a commercial-stage, privately held company delivering novel technology into the growing dialysis market that has had little innovation in over a decade. FDA-cleared across the continuum of care, Outset's Tablo Hemodialysis System is an all-in-one enterprise solution for dialysis featuring real-time water purification and dialysate production on demand in a single, compact unit. The simplicity, clinical versatility and operational flexibility of the system dramatically improves the care experience for patients and families while reducing for providers the cost and complexity historically associated with dialysis care. Patients and providers benefit from the easy to learn and use touchscreen interface, while automated reporting and machine management is enabled through Tablo's two-way wireless data transmission and proprietary cloud-based data analytics platform. Outset Medical is backed by a top-tier syndicate of investors, including D1 Capital Partners, Fidelity, Mubadala, Perceptive Advisors, T. Rowe Price, The Partner Fund, and Warburg Pincus.

Position Overview

The Sr Analyst, Data Analytics & Reporting will address needs related to strategic & ad hoc analysis requests, standard reporting & presentations as well as assigned projects that many span multiple functional areas. Analytics reports will be ad hoc as well as strategic based and will focus on such areas as: sales productivity & strategies, territory utilization & design, customer activation and marketing campaign measurement. Standard reports & presentations are analytically driven and are to be produced in an accurate, timely and reliable manner. Assigned projects and associated role will vary based on needs of the organization,

Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities
Perform strategic and ad hoc analysis:
Leverages data analytics tools to create new dashboards, reports, and any additional ad-hoc requests.
Executes existing reporting and analytical responsibilities.
Ensures the quality of work output by displaying a keen attention to detail.
Presents findings in easily understood ways, focuses on how the data analytics fits into the bigger picture.
Develop and execute on standard management reports and presentations
Design, prepare, analyze and distribute standard management reports & presentations that are facilitate business discussions via insightful, accurate, comprehensive and timely presentation of relevant data.
Enhance and streamline management reporting process by adopting best-in-class modern intelligence tools and improving data quality in partnership with stakeholders in risk management, technology and business teams.
Proactively identify areas of improvement and make recommendations for new programs and process improvements.
Provide project management and develop business requirements for assigned projects.
Lead or coordinate on projects that encompass cross-functional teams and disciplines.
Build relationships across the organization such that skills & experience can be applied in new ways to further success of the organization.
Develop business requirements that can be used by other teams to perform necessary development activities.
Requirements/Qualifications
Education and Experience (List degree requirements, years of experience, certifications, etc.).
S. in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Finance, or related quantitative field
5+ years work experience with MS Excel, MS Access, SQL Server, Tableau or comparable database systems.
Proven ability to work across all levels of the organization.
Skills and Abilities - (List required skills and abilities).
Strategic entrepreneurial thinker, able to translate business strategy to support function
Deadline-driven, organized, detailed and able to multi-task with the willingness to adapt to the rapid business and organizational demands
Good analytical, communication (both verbal and written) and presentation skills
Desire to understand the ""why"" behind the numbers",4.5,"Outset Medical
4.5","San Jose, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
44,SAP Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:
The SAP Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data and the ERP architecture to support business intelligence. In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies and controls to ensure enterprise data is accurate, complete, secure and reliable. The SAP Data Analyst will oversee data structures, design the ERP reporting strategy and provide system training. The SAP Data Analyst will ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the process to support the data quality. The analyst must be proficient with SAP reporting tools and willing to keep up with industry trends for continuous improvement.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Define reporting requirements and analyze data for business intelligence and systems integration.
• Establish enterprise master data requirements and troubleshoot issues with cross-functional teams.
• Consults with users to develop an understanding of business needs and support those needs using application and tools.
• Manage production support activities for all user requests using Exelixis’ ticketing system.
• Utilizes Exelixis IT department policies, methodologies, standards and guidelines with regard to systems development and/or software package selection.
• Manages business and technical subject matter experts to implement and maintain systems.
• Conducts research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
• Maintain current and create new system documentation as needed; coordinates with Finance Systems Analyst to perform testing of system modifications.
• Develops or coordinates system training including educational tools and materials.
• Maintains regulated systems and audit IT general controls for compliance (SOX, 21 CFR Part 11).
• Generates and maintains computer system’s validation documentation, if required.
• Project management of system upgrades and implementations.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and seven years of related experience;
• MA/MS degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and five years of related experience;
• Equivalent combination of education ad SAP reporting experience in an active support role.

Experience:
• Financial background is strongly encouraged as this position will need to have a good understanding of financial concepts and reporting requirements.
• Seven years working experience with SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP BW. Experience in report design and analyzing data structures is required.
• S/4 HANA, SAP Analytics for Office and other add-in reporting experience, such as Tableau, is strongly desired.
• Experience authoring and/or executing functional specification documents.
• Experience participating in audits for GxP or SOX compliance preferred
• Experience with GxP Validated Computer Systems is preferred.
• Experience in drug discovery, pharmaceutical or related industry is preferred.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Applies solid analytical and business communication skills.
• Strong financial reporting background and knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Identifies and implements methods and procedures to achieve results.
• Ability to lead the work of other by providing guidance to teams based on organizational goals and company policy, with responsibility for results, including costs and methods.
• Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles (SDLC), theories, concepts and techniques.
• Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
• Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
45,Health Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Tuesday, August 18, 2020

JOB SUMMARY:

Extract and analyze health care data for specific studies and corporate initiatives, assisting with data intensive projects. Serve as a technical resource to department staff and management. Work with management of operational areas to assist them in accumulating data to meet their needs. Provide advice to management regarding effective techniques to analyze and report on data to display the most effective result.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Perform routine to moderately complex analysis and design for various business applications.
Create reports and spreadsheets displaying data in a logical and concise manner.
Develop procedures to enhance reporting and query capabilities to improve efficiency and accuracy.
Maintain documentation of business specifications pertinent to the business requirements.
Provide fundamental analytical support to the organization by developing and promoting consistent analytical methodologies.
Design and model data extractions and provide comprehensive assessments of trends and data.
Participate in department initiatives and projects.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Three to five years of health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database design, and technical documentation experience
Preferred Education, Additional Qualifications and Experience:
Knowledge of applied statistics
Knowledge of econometric modeling
HIAA certification
Experience in the health insurance industry
Required Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities:
Advanced analytical skills, with the ability to interpret and synthesize complex data sets
Understanding of SAS programming, spreadsheet, and database software and other application development tools
Good business acumen and political savvy
Knowledge of business process improvement techniques and strategies
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Negotiation skills
Presentation skills
Decision-making skills
Good problem solving skills
Ability to interface with employees at all levels
Ability to effectively navigate ambiguous situations with limited direction
Excellent organizational skills and ability to successfully prioritize multiple tasks
Ability to handle multiple priorities/projects

At Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island (BCBSRI), diversity and inclusion are central to our core values and strengthen our ability to meet the challenges of today's healthcare industry. BCBSRI is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information and gender identity or expression.
The law requires an employer to post notices describing the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, and genetic information and gender identity or expression. Please visit http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf to view the ""EEO is the Law"" poster.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary",3.6,"Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island
3.6","Providence, RI",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1939,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
46,Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"We currently have a new opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our Accounting/Finance/Business Intelligence team. This position will work with data generated by a variety of credit union systems to create, validate, and generate business reports that management will use in decision making. This position will coordinate with various business areas to envision and develop report specifications, track the request pipeline and delivery metrics, suggest system enhancements, and create documentation.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Build and maintain queries, dashboards, and reports.
Respond to day to day custom requests for data and reports.
Perform ad hoc data requests and analysis as needed.
Extract data from various systems.
Analyze results of data reports for anomalies, accuracy, and applicability to business unit requests.
Maintain and develop data dictionaries and documentation of deliverables. Actively participate in data quality related tasks.
Identify patterns and trends in data sets.
Provide recommendations and interpretations of data and information.
Assist with application used for workflow and cross sales program.

Desired Skills and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in a business, computer, or data science preferred. MBA a plus.
Four years of experience working in database environments designing reports and working with extracts.
Excellent analytical skills with experience managing large amounts of data from various sources.
Experience combining, analyzing and presenting data in a clear manner.
Working knowledge of SQL preferred. Experience with Oracle databases a plus.
Proficient use of Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and SQL databases.
Exposure to core banking systems a plus.
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to interact with all levels of end users and technical resources.
Self-motivated with the ability to react to change, feedback and critique quickly and positively.
Strong attention to detail.
Open and collaborative style, comfortable working in an environment where ideas are shared and challenged.
Ability to conceptualize and implement items in a changing environment.

Fox Communities Credit Union is a $2 billion in assets community-based credit union servicing over 104,000 members at 23 locations. We take pride in being a progressive, member-owned, full service financial institution dedicated to serving the community.

Fox Communities Credit Union believes our employees are our most important asset. We offer a great team environment, competitive salary and an excellent benefit package which includes, medical, dental, vision, life, short-term and long-term disability insurance, 401k (Roth and Traditional), which includes company contributions including match, and paid time off! As part of our commitment to the communities we serve we also offer all employee’s Paid Volunteer Time Off! If you are enthusiastic about a rewarding career with a successful & growing credit union, apply now!

Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans, and Individuals with Disabilities.",3.9,"Fox Communities Credit Union
3.9","Appleton, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1953,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
47,Quality Assurance Analyst - Data Warehouse ETL,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Quality Assurance Analyst - Data Warehouse ETL
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uncover your full potential in a collaborative environment where you'll design, develop and deliver custom solutions to big challenges. And you'll be doing it for a proven industry leader that runs one of the largest e-commerce sites in the U.S.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Plan and execute testing activities for data warehouse project.
Create and execute tests of ETL processes.
Validate data quality.
Test downstream consumption of reports and calculations.
Develop, execute and maintain test plans, test scenarios, test suites and test cases.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in information technology, computer science or related discipline.
Proficient at independently writing complex SQL queries.
Fundamental knowledge of data warehouse concepts.
4+ years of QA (quality assurance) experience in an IT environment.
4 years experience in data warehouse testing.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-SR1
#CORP",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Milwaukee, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
48,Data Analyst - Predictive Modeler,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Zeta Global is looking for a talented Predictive Modeler to join our Analytics team. Armed with the Advanced Analytics & Data Science skills, this position will be responsible for supporting and improving the quality of our customer acquisition efforts using machine learning, statistics and data wrangling skills.

Key Responsibilities:
Predictive/Prescriptive Modeling & Optimization: Develop state-of-the-art predictive and recommender systems that support business objectives.
Data Visualization: Support and maintain KPI dashboards using Tableau. Collaborate with internal teams to gather requirements and provide reporting solutions.
Support Data Infrastructure: Use scripting languages like Python (Pandas, PySpark and Sci-kit) and MySQL to extract, transform and load data. In addition, support the management of internal data marts.
Ad-hoc reporting: Collaborate with cross-departmental teams to drive analyses and insights that lead to insightful decisions and improved financial performance/ROI for the business.
Requirements:
You love being a change agent! You tangibly add value for decision makers with actionable insights from data.
Proven ability to implement statistical/machine learning techniques in R / SQL and Python. In addition, ability to disseminate insights using data visualization tools like Tableau.
Exceptional attention-to-detail with the ability to meet aggressive deadlines. We move at a fast pace and generally have 3-5 projects going at any one time.
Excellent story-telling skills. The insights gleaned are no good if you can't present it in an effective and organized fashion.
MS degree in Business Analytics, Data Science or similar quantitative disciplines. Bachelor’s degree with minimum 1 years of experience will also be considered.
Strong knowledge of modeling algorithms like randomForest, nnet, svm, and glmnet packages in R and Python.
Desired Skills:
Ability to write complex R, Python and PySpark scripts.
Working knowledge with Python NLP packages like Spacy, NLTK and pycorenlp.
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","South Norwalk, CT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
49,Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Analyst to join our team based in Falls Church

Requirements:
Must have good interpersonal and communication skills both verbal and written.
Must have strong time management and organizational skills, attention to detail and ability to multitask.
Must have a good understanding of data structure and management.
Must be organized, self-motivated, and self-directed.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Desired Skills:
A fair understanding of SQL, Python and R is a plus.
Experience in developing Pivot Tables/Charts as well as complicated formula is desirable.
BI Dashboards
QLIK OR Tableau
Excel:
V lookup
Data Validation
Data Clean up
Education:
Must have a bachelors degree (in a similar discipline preferred) in any related field.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go tohttps://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
50,Healthcare Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Xtend Healthcare, established in 2009, is seeking professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young) within its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice. These full-time positions offer a competitive salary and an attractive benefits package. The positions are long-term with no scheduled end date. Many current Xtend Healthcare employees have been contracted in similar roles at EY for multiple years -- some well over a decade.

EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. EY is looking to expand its existing team of Xtend Healthcare data analysts. Xtend Healthcare employees who act in these contracted roles have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. Some individuals do occasionally travel for work, but travel is not required by all. Candidates are expected to work daily in EY's downtown Indianapolis, Indiana office location.

EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills, healthcare industry knowledge, and consulting skills through on-the-job training. The services provided include assisting their clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs.

We are seeking qualified candidates for ourHealthcare Data Analystposition. This position will work with our client's proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

JOB SUMMARY:

1. Analyze large volumes of hospital data.

2. Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
3. Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.

4. Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
2+ years experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended.
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH and/or Medicare bad debts, is a significant advantage.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel (required) with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience (recommended).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment.
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts.
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities.
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies.
Willingness to travel occasionally (plus).
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.3,"Navient
3.3","Indianapolis, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
51,Marketing Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description*
Job Title*: Database Analytics Manager
Job Purpose*:

Nutrisystem is seeking a Marketing Data Analyst to join its growing Analytics community. This role will develop, manage, and deliver analytical solutions to solve complex business challenges. The Marketing Data Analyst will closely interact with online and offline Marketing, Product Development, Call Center Sales, Retail, and Finance to influence key business decisions through fact-driven insights. The ideal candidate will possess excellent analytical and communication skills and have a history of thriving in fast-paced business environments.

Essential Job Responsibilities*:
Develop queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform, and prepare data for analysis, ad-hoc, and automated reporting and modeling. Create visualizations for a variety of projects.
Support ad-hoc analysis, discussions and conclusions around the efficacy of marketing channels to drive revenue per customer, length of stay and lifetime value.
Analyze data to describe customer behavior and preferences, understand marketing channel effectiveness, diagnose customer experience problems, size marketing opportunity and measure the impact of marketing initiatives.
Prepare and deliver insight presentations and recommendations. Communicates complex material in digestible terms appropriate for each audience. Educate company executives and the broader marketing team on analytical findings and implications using storytelling and data visualization techniques.
Design analytic plans, translating business problems/opportunities into analytic approaches. Engage with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand each business question. Probe for hidden questions and goals. Bring structure to each request and translate requirements into the appropriate analytic approach.
Participate in special projects and performs other duties as required.
Job Qualifications*:
Education*
Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, Information Technology, Computer Science, or another quantitative field required. Master’s degree preferred.
Experience*
Must have a minimum of five (5) years of experience working in an analytical role with a history of taking on additional responsibilities with data analysis, measurement reporting
Must have five (5) years of experience with SQL programming
Must have a minimum of three (3) years of experience working with relational databases and associated data query tools. Experience with cloud databases a plus (e.g. AWS Redshift, Google BigQuery, Snowflake).
Must have proficiency in data visualization and report writing technologies using at least one of the following Business Intelligence tools Tableau, Power BI, QLIK or SAS. Knowledge of Looker preferred.
Domain experience in marketing analytics: customer acquisition, digital marketing, response modeling, identifying customer needs, predicting customer behavior, next best offer, churn, customer lifetime value preferred
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Knowledge / Skills*
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience presenting to senior executives distilling complex concepts into actionable recommendations
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including pivot tables, data manipulation and analysis
Ability to work in a team-oriented environment.
Licenses / Certifications*
NA

Company Info*:
Tivity Health: *
Tivity Health®, Inc. (tivityhealth.com) is a leading provider of health improvement, nutrition, fitness and social engagement solutions at scale to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs and create opportunities to feel better, work better and live better. With decades of clinical and operational expertise, the company touches millions of consumers through its integrated portfolio of brands and works directly with hundreds of healthcare practitioners and many of the nation’s largest payers and employers. Tens of millions of Americans are currently eligible for Tivity Health’s SilverSneakers®, Prime® Fitness, WholeHealth Living™ and flip50™ programs and millions of people have lost weight with Nutrisystem®, South Beach Diet® and DNA BodyBlueprint™. As part of its commitment to tackling social isolation and loneliness, in 2017, Tivity Health launched a rural aging initiative to address challenges unique to older adults in rural communities.
Our Purpose: *
We empower older adults to live their best lives – with vitality, dignity and purpose. We enable healthy aging – both in place and in community.
Our Vision: *
We will transform the aging experience – reducing the burden of chronic conditions among older adults, enabling these to be their best years, and inspiring the next generation that the best is yet to come.
EEO/AA*
Tivity Health. Inc. is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a proactive program of diversity development. Tivity Health, Inc. will continue to recruit, hire, train, and promote into all job levels without regard to race, religion, gender, marital status, familial status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or veteran status.
SQF Standards*
All staff shall be informed of their responsibility to report food safety and quality issues to personnel with authority to initiate action.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $85,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
We will be working from home until the end of the year (2020). While we plan to be back in the office soon, that date is not determined.

Experience:
Relational Databases: 3 years (Preferred)
Data Analysis: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Fully Remote
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.1,"Nutrisystem
3.1","Fort Washington, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1981,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
52,"Intern - Agile Transformation Analyst, Data & Analytics",$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Agile Transformation Analyst, Data & Analytics Intern
2021 Paid Summer Internship

As an intern for the data portfolio strategy group, you will be a servant leader and coach to help agile teams deliver value to their customers and adopt Agile principles. You will help agile teams communicate with stakeholders, manage risk, drive process improvements, and facilitate agile events and processes. You will also need to embrace the concepts of technology business management and support departmental operational activities including budget management, risk management, and compliance tracking.
What you would be involved in:

Evangelize Lean process excellence principles and kaizen within Enterprise Data and Analytics to define, measure, analyze and improve organizational effectiveness in delivering value.
Assist/Facilitate Program Increment Planning readiness (using Backlogs, and Pre- and Post-PI Planning meetings) and the quarterly PI planning event
Assist tracking the execution of features and capabilities by establishing PI measurement and metrics
Attend periodic synchronization meetings, facilitate feature and capability estimation with agile product teams and assist in rolling-up work items to Epics
Coach leaders, teams, and Scrum Masters in Lean-Agile practices and mindsets
Help manage risks and dependencies, escalating, tracking, and assisting in the resolution of impediments
Work with the Data Portfolio Strategy group on program execution and operational excellence
Qualifications
Working toward a Bachelor’s degree in Business
Administration, Computer Science, MIS or related degree

Knowledge or interest in
the following:
Scrum Master and understanding of common Agile practices,
service-oriented environments, and iterative development practices
IT full development life cycle
Scrum and Kanban Methodologies
Agile product and portfolio management
Scaled Agile Framework
Ability to establish credibility with clients, build
consensus, and achieve goals through influence
Ability to help teams write user stories/epics, identify
dependencies, and design optimal solutions
Flexibility to work with teams, individuals and executives
and willingness to help with a wide variety of work products and people
Excellent interpersonal/communication skills",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
53,Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"This position is responsible for analyzing, reporting and maintaining information within iCare’s enterprise data warehouse and associated databases based on business unit priorities. Additionally, this position may be responsible for assisting with system configuration and support.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES:

Conducts business analysis, data modeling, logical and physical database design, database optimization, load strategy design and implementation, security and change management.
Create, manage and maintain reports using standard reporting technologies.
Develop strong working relationship with the business units to determine needs and solutions that monitor trends.
Maintain and manage a centralized data dictionary.
Ensure best practices are utilized in defining business processes, including identifying and reporting on trends and deviation.
Ensure adherence to company data architectural guidelines, principles and standards in all project milestones and deliverables.
Work with team to optimize system performance
Create appropriate documentation to support effective requirements definition including charts, graphs, and logic model diagrams as necessary.
Fully participate in iCare’s Compliance Program, including compliance with iCare’s Code of Conduct, policies and procedures, and all applicable Privacy and Security laws

An individual in this position must be able to successfully perform the essential duties and responsibilities listed above. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.

The above list reflects the general details necessary to describe the principle and essential functions of the position and shall not be construed as the only duties that may be assigned for the position.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering or related field, or equivalent experience
2+ years proven design/development experience in methodologies related to ad hoc reporting, dimensional modeling and Enterprise Data Warehousing.
2+ years of experience with relational database systems.
Proficiency in database design concepts and techniques for OLAP
Experience with enterprise-level DBMS systems and tools.
Extensive experience in Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services and Microsoft BI Tool set.
Strong problem-solving skills, logical process thinking, and end-to-end system concepts.
Strong verbal and written communication skills which can clearly articulate complex concepts and ideas to all levels of the organization in both technical and non-technical terms.
Strong knowledge of data mapping and data modeling processes.
Strong knowledge and experience creating reports that allow business users to drill into details.
Analytical skills which effectively deal with conceptual and tangible ideas along with attention to detail.
Working knowledge of the IT development process and life cycle, i.e. roles/responsibilities, tasks, milestones, deliverables.
Team oriented with ability to work effectively with many different people across many diverse organizations.
Ability to work on multiple, concurrent projects in a dynamic environment and manage time appropriately.
Management skills with the ability to plan, organize, and orchestrate activities such as Joint Application Development and review sessions.
Ability to identify and manage risks and issues, providing appropriate escalation when needed.
Data Analyst I (1-4 years of experience in data analysis and/or ETL design & development)
Data Analyst II (4-10 years of experience in data analysis and ETL design & development)
Data Analyst III (10+ years of experience in data analysis, ETL, and/or EDW design & development

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Understanding of Medicaid/Medicare
Understanding of healthcare insurance industry

PHYSICAL AND MENTAL DEMANDS:

Physical and mental stamina to handle heavy workloads.
Ability to operate a computer and typical office equipment.

The mental and physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of this position.

WORKING ENVIRONMENT:

iCare is a multi-cultural environment committed to diversity and service to people with disabilities.
Independent Care Health Plan is a professional, performance-oriented organization. Additional time and effort beyond a normal workweek may be required to accomplish company and individual objectives and to provide a high level of service to our members.
Most of work is performed in an office environment.
Periodic business-related travel may be required.
Work conditions may involve stress producing activities and/or timelines.

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an individual encounters while performing the essential functions of this position.

Experience
Required
1 year(s): experience in data analysis and/or ETL design & development
2 year(s): experience with relational database systems
2 year(s): design/development experience in methodologies related to ad hoc reporting, dimensional modeling and Enterprise Data Warehousing.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Engineering or related field
Bachelors or better in Management Information Systems or related field
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Behaviors
Preferred
Innovative: Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking
Functional Expert: Considered a thought leader on a subject
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Motivations
Preferred
Growth Opportunities: Inspired to perform well by the chance to take on more responsibility
Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help
Goal Completion: Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks",2.9,"Independent Care Health Plan
2.9","Milwaukee, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
54,Senior Health Data Analyst I,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Senior Health Data Analyst contributes to the overall success of the organization by developing analytic solutions that support activities related to health services utilization management, care coordination, quality improvement and population health. Through analyzing patient claims, member enrollment, and other data, the Senior Health Data Analyst participates in identifying progress, performance and opportunities for improvement on programs, quality of care, patient experience, and other metrics. The Senior Health Data Analyst requires a thorough understanding of healthcare data and workflows, combined with an extensive experience creating large data sets, conducting statistical data analysis (SAS), and using BI tools (Tableau).

Works closely with other members of the Health Analytics team, as well as the Financial Analytics and Data Warehouse teams to gather key data from various internal and external systems.
Creates data sets, extracts and synthesizes data; conducts and interprets quantitative analyses.
Prepares a variety of reports, including statistical analyses and dashboards that allow key stakeholders to make informed business decisions based on data.
Assists in design and development of data collection strategies, aggregation, analysis, and reporting to ensure data integrity and enhance information value.
Generates a quality work product, presentable for content and audience, in a timely manner while maintaining strong attention to detail.
Manages and prioritizes workload while meeting deliverables and expectations.
Works autonomously and collaboratively with report requestors, providing guidance to define report requirements and validate results.
Works collaboratively across departments to understand and meet analytic needs.
Researches and recommends areas for improvement of data quality and reporting.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of health plan operations, including claims processing, utilization management, quality improvement activities and pay for performance programs
Documents report processes/logic and actively engages in department’s documentation efforts to improve knowledge base of team.
SECONDARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs other assigned or needed activities required to assure success of the organization.
Participates in special projects as needed.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree with concentration in health informatics, health administration, public health, computing, epidemiology, statistics or related field, Master’s degree preferred. Minimum four (4) years of experience in data analysis and reporting.
Special Skills, Licenses and Certifications
Knowledge of major health plan operations: healthcare claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Excellent knowledge of data collection, analysis, statistics and data presentation with experience in data mining techniques and procedures. Experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets. Experience working with administrative data, ideally health care data. Understanding of health data formats including claims, lab and pharmacy. Knowledge of clinical coding systems (e.g., ICD9, ICD10, CPT). Proficiency in inferential and predictive statistical analysis. Proficiency in business software applications such as Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, SAS, and Tableau.
Performance Based Competencies
Must demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to clearly communicate complex information to diverse audiences. Ability to communicate data needs to various customers (internal and external) in order to compile and produce necessary reports. Excellent analytical, problem solving, investigative and research ability. Ability to work in a team environment, take and give direction, follow through with tasks and projects, compromise, negotiate and achieve consensus decisions, support consensus decisions, be flexible and adaptable to changes in assignments and the work environment, work independently, manage time efficiently and multi-task effectively. Ability to make decisions that require significant analysis and investigation with solutions requiring critical thinking. Ability to quickly acquire in-depth knowledge of various systems related to claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits at PHC. Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Ability to interpret and understand technical requirements. Must be highly organized and proficient at multi-tasking. Must be willing and able to provide gracious assistance to users, providers, and other constituents of PHC.
Work Environment And Physical Demands
More than 50% of work time is spent at a video display terminal. May be required to bend, stoop, kneel, crawl, or work in other non-standing and non-sitting positions to install cabling, systems hardware, and other related equipment.
All HealthPlan employees are expected to:
Provide the highest possible level of service to clients;
Promote teamwork and cooperative effort among employees;
Maintain safe practices; and
Abide by the HealthPlan’s policies and procedures, as they may from time to time be updated.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER NOTICE
The job duties, elements, responsibilities, skills, functions, experience, educational factors and the requirements and conditions listed in this job description are representative only and not exhaustive or definitive of the tasks that an employee may be required to perform. The employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require employees to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business, competitive considerations, or work environment change.",3.5,"Partnership HealthPlan of California
3.5","Fairfield, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
55,Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:

Develop, implement, and maintain leading-edge analytic systems, taking complicated problems and building simple frameworks
Identify trends and opportunities for growth through analysis of complex data sets
Evaluate organizational methods and provide source-to-target mappings and information-model specification documents for data sets
Create best-practice reports based on data mining, analysis, and visualization
Evaluate internal systems for efficiency, problems, and inaccuracies, developing and maintaining protocols for handling, processing, and cleaning data
Work directly with management and users to gather requirements, provide status updates, and build relationships
Work closely with project managers to understand and maintain focus on their analytical needs, including identifying critical metrics and KPIs, and deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity
Create and maintain rich interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Define and implement data and integration logic, selecting appropriate combination of methods and tools within defined technology stack to ensure optimal scalability and performance of the solution
Develop and maintain databases by acquiring data from primary and secondary sources, and build scripts that will make our data evaluation process more flexible or scalable across data sets (1.) Suggest design solutions (2.) To participate and facilitate the walkthrough’ to brief the Functional Specification mapping to Business Requirements. (3.) To prepare the functional specification document and ensure for completeness and storage. (4.) To prepare and / or aid the preparation of test cases in line with functional requirements (5.) To understand the business requirements and map it to functional specifications.

Required Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in a related field and 2 years’ experience in Business Intelligence (BI) or Data Warehouses and 2 years’ experience working with SQL and Access. Four additional years of related experience will be considered in lieu of a Bachelor's degree.
5 years experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modeling (regression, correlation, clustering, etc.).
4 year of experience consulting or experience in a similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery.
3 years experience using analytics tools and languages R, Python, SAS, Oracle and SQL etc.
3 years experience combining data sets, extracting key variables, and creating new variables to enhance modeling.
3 years experience performing basic ETL functions and understanding of data quality steps/measures.
US Citizen; no dual citizenship.
Minimum of a Secret Interim clearance to start (Day 1 requirement).
CompTIA Security+ certification required to start (Day 1 requirement).
Adept at using Access, Excel, Power Point and Word.
General Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence knowledge including data modeling and Key Performance Indicators (PKIs) preferably in the SAP Business Objects environment.
AWS experience highly desired

#ind#

CDO is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"CDO Technologies Inc
3.3","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
56,Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"We have an opportunity for a Data Analyst to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Duties & Responsibilities
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Candidate will be reviewing and analyzing non-standard format data and transforming it to a standardized format for ingestion into a Big Data and a Structured data environment.
Conducting full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design.
Monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements.
Requirements
Knowledge and experience in programming languages (Python)
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc.), databases (SQL etc.), programming (XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
Active Secret clearance required
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.1,"NetImpact Strategies
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
57,Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analyst (Jr),$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description BAE Systems is seeking to hire multiple Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts to help support counterterrorism intelligence integration on a multifaceted U.S. Government program. The ideal Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analyst will leverage numerous analytic tools and databases to evaluate information that bolsters the U.S. Governments response to and prevention of potential threats to the homeland and interests abroad.

Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts are responsible for identifying, gathering, and extracting identity-based intelligence information that enhances and enriches data repositories. Jr. Counterterrorism Data Exploitation Analysts will be responsible for addressing intelligence gaps and data validation pertaining to terrorist identity records.

PF1Required Skills and Education
Excellent reading comprehension skills
Experience with MS Office suite
Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables
Ability to work with IC tools and databases
Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs
Ability to work shift work/extended hours
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment
Preferred Skills and Education
BA/BS degree
Demonstrated knowledge of intelligence analysis and experience with synthesizing large amounts of data
Familiarity with analytic tools
Proficiency with software applications/databases used in support of research and analysis for the U.S. Government
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.",3.7,"BAE Systems USA
3.7","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
58,Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst
10744
Menlo Park, CA
6/2/2020 2:54:00 PM

Learning
Contractor - W2

Job Description
Responsibilities

Primary
Query data and provide reports/query results to stakeholders
Manage requests and priorities independently
Provide documentation of queries/inbound requests for future use in improving GBM’s data infrastructure
Create new or improve existing dashboards by adding new metrics to support Business Education and other teams within the company

Secondary
Communicate with internal stakeholders about dashboards, and provide support about which metrics are available and from where
Understand existing data policy restrictions and determine if queries are possible to run/share
Skills

Minimum Qualifications

· 4+ years of experience in analytics or similar field

· Advanced proficiency in SQL

· Experience problem solving and providing business insights and recommendations from data

· Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and drive initiatives in a cross-functional environment

· Ability to communicate complex data issues to audiences of different levels of technical expertise

Preferred Qualifications

· Experience building out large data sets and pipelines

· Python or similar scripting experience

Education

Minimum Qualifications

· Bachelor’s degree in a technical focus area

Preferred Qualifications

· MBA or graduate degree in a quantitative field

Job Requirements",3.8,"IntraEdge
3.8","Menlo Park, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
59,Senior Data Analyst,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"You will be a crucial member of the team tasked with capturing data workflows and use cases across EQRx and turn them into reproducible, democratizable tools on a modern data tech stack, enabling faster and more successful drug development. You will map how data is used to understand the complex web of interrelationships in taking drugs from a pharmaceutical company to a patient. You will translate and harden these workflows to a modern data tech stack in collaboration with data scientists and engineers.
You will understand how clinical scientists and staff capture, maintain, and use data and use these insights to organize data across EHR (Electronic Health Record), clinical trial, and other data sources. You will integrate data across sources and use cases (e.g. pricing, claims, and clinical) to enable end users to see across EQRx’s data asset to improve our program design, operations, opportunity targeting, pricing, and access. You will assist in building a digital-native life sciences company, identifying and prioritizing areas to pursue, where data tools could inform decision making throughout EQRx.
The Impact You Will Have
You will enable experts across EQRx to look across datasets to identify key opportunities to dramatically reduce prices and expand access to novel drugs, connecting information across market data, patient claims and adherence, and clinical datasets to enable experts to pinpoint the most salient opportunities for developing novel, more accessible medicines. This person will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines by bringing a digital and data native technology stack to drug development, powering a modern, and radically new paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have a Bachelors or Masters degree in a quantitative scientific, or social scientific field, e.g. biology, engineering, economics, etc.
You have 5+ years of experience in industry (Life sciences background a major plus).
You are skilled at building insightful visualizations in a modern dashboarding tool (e.g. Mode, Looker, Spotfire); experience with D3.js a plus.
You are fluent in SQL and comfortable in a scripting language such as python.
You have worked with modern cloud data warehousing tools (e.g. BigQuery, Snowflake) and ETL tools (e.g. Stitch, Fivetran, DBT).
You are an excellent communicator, empathetic with end users and internal customers. You can translate a problem from a description of a business process to organization of data and pipelines.
You have a quick, flexible mind; always looking for clever ways to connect data and transform processes to a modern, digital and data native architecture.
You possess strong communication, organizational and presentation skills.
You can participate and work effectively on multiple cross-functional teams.
You play well in the sandbox. You understand relationships are key and have strong interpersonal skills.
Teams love working with you and learning from you.
You can thrive in a smaller company environment and love the pace of a true startup.
You’re a team player who is willing to roll-up your sleeves and get the job done.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
60,DATA MGMT ANALYST RADIOLOGY,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ensures customers satisfaction through the provision and maintenance of easily accessible, high quality and uninterrupted information services, and systems within the division of Imaging Services. Analyzes, trouble shoots and resolves imaging service network, systems, and related component problems at both northlake and southlake campuses, as well as other offsite facilities.
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES(*Essential Functions)


Ensures the integrity and reliability of all imaging systems by assessing and resolving hardware and software problems, encompassing the hospital infrastructure, client-servers, and stand-alone systems.

Special emphasis to calls arising on evenings, nights, and/or weekends, in order to minimize any system downtime and maintain needed system utilization.

Evaluates and recommends system hardware and software replacements and upgrades, both on an assigned project as well as on ""as observed"" basis.

Maintains accurate and adequate inventory levels of supplies and parts, including all necessary and related record keeping of usage, orders, and replacements.

Maintains an up-to-date understanding of the overall structure, interrelatedness, and operations of the hospital infrastructure, remote users, LANS, stand-alone systems and personal computers.

This is essential in order to provide complete and timely services to customers, especially in critical off-hours.

Maintains complete and accurate records, in accordance with the imaging service's policies and procedures, of all requests for assistance and all other project completions.

Provides emergency, routine, and preventive maintenance to all system hardware components.

Immediate efforts to emergency or unexpected breakdowns that present a system (or key component thereof) slowdown or halt.

Repairs imaging services system hardware including personal computers, printers, data communication equipment, related wiring and peripherals.

Represents imaging services both within and outside the hospital for all system related activities as assigned by the Director.

Assists in establishing continuing education on all system functions for imaging services and other hospital personnel as needed.


JOB SPECIFICATIONS(Minimum Requirements)



KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES

Local area networking experience, specifically, or 4-5 years relevant work experience or equivalent combination of education and relevant work experience.

Experience including Imaging Services operations including reporting schedules, office procedures, processing and reporting workflow.

Excellent computer skills, experience with interfacing and programming preferred.

A high degree of independent action and exercise of correct judgment is a must, along with creativity, initiative and professionalism.

Developed verbal and written communication skills are required.

Strong interpersonal and organizational skills, and a high degree of fine motor skills and visual accuracy required.

Ability to organize and prioritize work in order to complete assignments within designated time frames.

Ability to work with little or no supervision and to professionally handle stressful situations.

Must be professional, courteous, a self-starter, and must have a positive attitude.



EDUCATION


Bachelors Electronics Preferred

Bachelors Computer Science Preferred

Associates Radiology Required

Including reporting schedules, office procedures, processing and reporting workflow.

4 Information Technology Required

5 Healthcare/Medical - Radiology (Imaging and Therapy) Required



STANDARDS OF BEHAVIOR

Meets the Standards of Behavior as outlined in Personnel Policy and Procedure #1, Employee Relations Code.


CONFIDENTIALITY/HIPAA/CORPORATE COMPLIANCE

Demonstrates knowledge of procedures for protecting and maintaining security, confidentiality and integrity of employee, patient, family, organizational and other medical information. Understands and supports the commitment of Methodist Hospitals in adhering to federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations governing ethical business practices for healthcare providers.


DISCLAIMER - The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. The statements are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required.",3.2,"The Methodist Hospitals
3.2","Merrillville, IN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1941,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
61,Sr. Analyst - Big Data Engineer,$37k-$65k (Glassdoor Est.),"British American Tobacco
Job Number: 26901

Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; and Reynolds Brands, Inc.. This position is with RAI Services Company (2200).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.

The Big Data/Data Science Engineer role is a highly visible position that is an integral part of the Information & Digital Technology (IDT) team with tremendous career growth opportunities. This position provides an opportunity for technology leadership and support to cross-functional client areas and the IDT leadership team.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Serves as a productive project team member delivering high quality results for assigned tasks. Assists the project manager with project planning by assisting with the development of work plans, effort estimates and delivery timelines for assigned tasks
Builds expertise in Project Management discipline by leading and delivering projects (on time, within scope and within budget).
Assists in the identification, development, testing and implementation of new technologies, processes and services to provide the most efficient solutions to accomplish goals.
Effectively engages with contracted vendor services providing input to help monitor and improve the vendor’s performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging technology and communicates value/impact for supported functions.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their big data platform related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Builds data pipelines to data lakes for new data sources and also data extractions to Data Science solutions and Reporting tools.
Creates POC data science/reporting solutions and explains the solutions to the stake holders.
Operationalize the Models in production and monitors the model drift and data drift.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their unstructured data related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Lead coding and architecting of end-to-end AI applications on modern data processing technology stack (familiar with Chatbots, Image recognition, NLP, Voice technologies)
Drive collaborative reviews of design, code, data, features implementation performed by other data engineers in support of maintaining data engineering standards
Tests, integrates and maintains technology services, considering cross-functional business needs and Company goals.
Coordinates issue resolution with cross functional teams and vendors.
Builds IT Department services acumen to effectively leverage existing IT services to meet client needs.
Gains understanding of and supports the business processes of the assigned functions.
Interfaces comfortably with internal clients, co-workers and vendors building credibility and championing change.
Provides knowledge transfer and feedback to assist team and co-workers.
Job Requirements:

Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems or related area required, or related business experience
Experience:
Strong knowledge of AI/ML with at least 2-4 years of experience in Python/R programming knowledge required
Required Skills:
Must be a strategic thinker with strong influencing skills.
Demonstrated effective oral and written communication skills including both the ability to address detailed technical communications as well as the ability to distill complete technical status to executive level
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Strong analytical skills with an ability to recommend changes.
Must possess a high sense of urgency and work ethic.
Must be a self-starter who can work with minimal supervision, with the expectation of working as a motivated and cooperative team member.
Must be detail oriented, reliable, financially responsible, and have a proven track record of accomplishments.
Demonstrated ability to challenge the status quo.
Demonstrated experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS Big Data toolsets, CloudFormation, etc.)
Expertise and experience with software development and related techniques and methodologies such Agile
Experience with development of analytics and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required (Preferably implementing RGM, Marketing Mix, Consumer Segmentation)
Experience in managing production data science models and familiar with model and data drifts.
Experience with development of AI solutions and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required.
Creating Guard rails for Vendors on AI solutions on NLP, Chatbots, Image recognition & Voice.
Productionalize the full pipeline including distributed Machine Learning models (e.g., training/test pipeline, offer eligibility, data layer, feature layer, etc.)
Proficient in PySpark, Python, SQL, Java/Scala, No SQL
Preferred Skills
Knowledge of AWS Cloud technologies is preferred
Knowledge of Big Data Technologies (EMR, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Knowledge of SQL/NoSQL
Strong development experience with Python, Java, Scala, and related Linux-based scripting tools
Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Salem
Nearest Secondary Market: Winston
Job Segment:
Database, Engineer, Data Analyst, Information Systems, Computer Science, Technology, Engineering, Data",3.4,"Reynolds American
3.4","Winston-Salem, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1875,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
62,Data Analyst - Predictive Modeler,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Zeta Global is looking for a talented Predictive Modeler to join our Analytics team. Armed with the Advanced Analytics & Data Science skills, this position will be responsible for supporting and improving the quality of our customer acquisition efforts using machine learning, statistics and data wrangling skills.

Key Responsibilities:
Predictive/Prescriptive Modeling & Optimization: Develop state-of-the-art predictive and recommender systems that support business objectives.
Data Visualization: Support and maintain KPI dashboards using Tableau. Collaborate with internal teams to gather requirements and provide reporting solutions.
Support Data Infrastructure: Use scripting languages like Python (Pandas, PySpark and Sci-kit) and MySQL to extract, transform and load data. In addition, support the management of internal data marts.
Ad-hoc reporting: Collaborate with cross-departmental teams to drive analyses and insights that lead to insightful decisions and improved financial performance/ROI for the business.
Requirements:
You love being a change agent! You tangibly add value for decision makers with actionable insights from data.
Proven ability to implement statistical/machine learning techniques in R / SQL and Python. In addition, ability to disseminate insights using data visualization tools like Tableau.
Exceptional attention-to-detail with the ability to meet aggressive deadlines. We move at a fast pace and generally have 3-5 projects going at any one time.
Excellent story-telling skills. The insights gleaned are no good if you can't present it in an effective and organized fashion.
MS degree in Business Analytics, Data Science or similar quantitative disciplines. Bachelor’s degree with minimum 1 years of experience will also be considered.
Strong knowledge of modeling algorithms like randomForest, nnet, svm, and glmnet packages in R and Python.
Desired Skills:
Ability to write complex R, Python and PySpark scripts.
Working knowledge with Python NLP packages like Spacy, NLTK and pycorenlp.
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","South Norwalk, CT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
63,Temporary Marketing Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description Summary:

The firmwide marketing technology/CRM team has a temporary opening for a Marketing Data Analyst (approximately 4-5 months) who will help us execute on firm reporting requests received through marketing and business development team members. This position can be based in any of our offices.

Job Description:
Create standard and advanced custom report types for cross object reporting in Salesforce.
Create custom, complex, cross-object and cross-platform reports and dashboards using Salesforce, Marketo, Apsona, Power BI and internal data sources. Develop and fine tune reports to yield meaningful results based on changing business needs.
Build reports from scratch using data from different systems and build templates for end users to self-serve. Determine best data source, set up reports and validate results. Work with business development partners to build meaningful dashboards.
Report on complex client relationships with multiple parties of interest in a non-traditional, non-linear sales environment where the relationship is the ‘sale’.
Build custom curated, segmented email distribution lists in Marketo. Work with business development partners to fine tune. Set up campaign workflows. Report campaign results by account, contact and campaign.
Participate in data governance and hygiene programs and projects.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:

Current hands-on experience developing reports in Salesforce and Marketo strongly preferred, minimum of 2-3 years. Experience with other platforms, in addition to SFDC/Mkto, highly desired.
Experience combining multiple data sources and developing reports independently.
Experience with data import/export using data loader.
Experience solving for marketing automation/CRM/relationship intelligence data integration challenges related to data gathering for reports.
Strong Excel, data validation and critical thinking skills.
Strong presentation and training skills and ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a variety of audiences.
Strong project management and organizational skills and ability to work independently as an individual contributor and a team member.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, concierge service environment.
Law firm and other professional services industry experience highly preferred.",4.1,"Fenwick & West
4.1","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1972,Company - Private,Legal,Accounting & Legal,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
64,IT Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"An IT Data Analyst is responsible for working as part of a team to create, enhance and maintain custom reports that are relied upon to effectively and efficiently run the business. An IT Data Analyst is also heavily involved in the ETL process by helping to identify source systems for required data and assisting in the building of data cleansing procedures.

Develop custom reports to address business needs
Conduct exploratory meetings with business partners to generate ideas on how data and reporting can be used drive operational efficiencies, as well as new business opportunities
Participate in all aspects of Scrum, including but not limited to daily stand-ups, estimation meetings, demos and retrospectives
Work with vendors and the internal software development team to retrieve and manage required data
Design tables in the data warehouse in such a way that enables drilldown reporting
Create and update stored procedures that are part of the ETL process
Assist in the automation of manual data analytic efforts

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Degree in Data Analytics or equivalent experience
2+ years creating reports in a BI tool
At least 1 year of professional experience writing queries in SQL/T-SQL
At least 1 year of professional experience working in a relational database
PowerBI experience a plus
Strong analytical skills
Detail oriented with the ability to multitask
Self-motivated individual with excellent written and verbal communication skills
A willingness to work both independently and in a team-oriented environment
This employer participates in E-Verify. If hired, the employer will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.",4.1,"Union Home Mortgage
4.1","Strongsville, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
65,Data Quality Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Quality Analyst
10662
Tempe, AZ
3/25/2020 5:47:00 PM

Quality Engineering
Contractor - W2

Job Description
Good data analysis skills
Hands on experience with data profiling, DQ scorecard and profile creation, identifying DQ rules – Informatica Data Quality Analyst experience preferred
Good communication skills – ability to interact with business users to share data profiling results and get feedback
Experience working with Collibra, MDM will be a nice to have
Ability to liaison with IT partners and perform UAT
Financial background is required.
7-8 years of experience is required

Job Requirements",3.8,"IntraEdge
3.8","Tempe, AZ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
66,Senior Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Sysco Labs

Sysco LABS is a technology-focused division within Sysco, dedicated to reimagining foodservice through innovation. An extension of Sysco’s commitment to deliver exceptional products and services to the foodservice industry, Sysco LABS uses customer and market intelligence, data-driven insights and agile technology development to rethink the entire foodservice ecosystem.
Our innovation will improve everything from the ordering process, inventory, pricing and automation to the in-restaurant customer experience. Operating with the mindset of a startup and backed by the authoritative expertise of an industry leader, Sysco LABS’ mission is to improve the Sysco customer experience and consistently deliver cost savings and new innovations through technology.

About the Role

As a Senior Data Analyst at Sysco Labs, you will be responsible for driving strategies and tactics to optimize Sysco products using quantitative data, find answers to broad questions, identify patterns and trends, and make informed decisions to influence product strategy and direction.

Responsibilities
Utilize a combination of exploratory and descriptive analytics to inform product strategy and roadmap, and provide ad-hoc analyses that uncover root cause of recent business trends.
Understand data infrastructure and coordinate with Data Engineering to deliver data models and structures to meet business demands.
Design relevant data models, including outlining dimensions and measures needed, for answering business questions.
Establish and implement product data standards and best practices in order to optimize the data collection, fidelity and accuracy. Develop product measurement plans and dashboards to monitor metrics and KPIs.
Ensure optimization and validations initiatives are implemented, tracked and reviewed postproduction.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools.
Maintain a presence in the broader data and analytics community.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools, such as Tableau and Redash.
Other duties as assigned.
About You

Minimum Qualifications:
6 years’ experience in using data and analytics to drive decisions and insights.
Experience with SQL.
Experience with MixPanel or Google Analytics.
Experience with digital marketing tools such as Google Search Console, Adwords, Marin, Google DoubleClick stack, Tealium, or similar.
Experience with Tableau
Experience with JavaScript tag management.
Experience with Python Analytics/Viz packages.
Experience with R-Studio.
Experience with Data Mining tools such as RapidMiner, Opera, ProM, or similar.
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science or related field.
Experience with programmatic media.
Experience with structured and semi-structured data.
Perks at Sysco LABS:
Competitive base & bonus packages
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Brand-new high-tech office space located in the heart of East 6th St, (walking distance to the MetroRail)
Generous PTO policy
Flexible work environment that encourages work/life balance
Fully stocked break room & weekly catered lunch
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits and company 401(k) program
At Sysco LABS you will be part of a team that values trust, learning, and working together to solve problems. Your efforts will help to build groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Come join us!
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.",4.1,"Sysco Labs
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
67,"AVP, Data & Systems Analyst – Information Technology",$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scope and Responsibilities

Oaktree’s Information Technology team is seeking an individual who will provide Business and Data Analysis capabilities focused on portfolio and security analytics, investment and portfolio reporting, as well as operational process design and oversight. This individual will partner with various departments within the company and serve as a thought and change leader as we build our Enterprise Analytics platform. In partnership with the Portfolio Analytics, Risk and Reporting (PARR), operations and the investment teams, this individual will design specifications for new portfolio and security analytics, perform quality tests, oversee the development to production implementation lifecycle.

Responsibilities include:
• Work with IT senior leaders, PARR, Investment Teams, Fund accounting and others to support ongoing development of Oaktree’s Enterprise Analytics suite;
• Collaborate with the investment teams, PARR and other internal partners to draw up formal specifications for portfolio and security analytics;
• Take ownership of all aspects of software development including specifications, testing, debugging, roll-out (including user training), documentation, and maintenance;
• Design and implement operational processes to monitor the accuracy and timeliness of data flows, analytics calculators and report outputs;
• Troubleshoot and resolve production related issues arising from missed or problematic data feeds, inaccuracies related to calculations, and report output discrepancies;
• Write reports using off the shelf and proprietary tools (and manage the development of new reports with stakeholders);

• Deliver reports or self-service tools to internal and external stakeholders;
• Enhance and evolve Oaktree’s broader data and reporting environment.

Skills and Experience Required

• Minimum of 5 years of experience at an asset management company, investment/portfolio analytics software vendor, investment/portfolio analytics consultancy, or other related financial services company working with credit products in an analytical capacity;
• Must have a working knowledge of security analytics for bonds, leveraged loans(Bank Debt), convertible securities, options and structured products;
• Foundation in investment finance concepts and familiarity with credit instruments, investment performance, closed-end funds, open-end funds and Fund Accounting;
• Ability to quarterback assigned projects to resolution, seeking guidance and escalating issues as appropriate;
• Comfortable and capable of working with product specialists, vendors, portfolio managers, and senior management to understand and define reporting requirements;
• Expertise in investment platforms, systems, operations, data flows, and processes, as it relates to alternative asset management and the investment lifecycle in general, is a major plus;
• Experience using SQL, Python, C#, and MS Visual Studio preferred. An interest or experience in Machine Learning/AI/Deep Learning algorithms and investment financial models a plus;
• Experience building reports in business intelligence tools such as Microsoft BI or other industry wide tools is a plus;
• Advanced knowledge in Excel and Macro-VBA programming is a plus;
• Experience working with Global Teams is an added advantage.

Personal Attributes

• Outstanding initiative and a strong work ethic;
• Ability to operate independently on short and long term goals;
• Analytical with a keen focus on quality and accuracy;
• Interest and desire to learn and stay updated via research on latest techniques, trends, products, offerings;
• Detail-oriented and natural problem solver; have the ability to independently research problems and offer solutions;
• Organized and able to manage multiple projects with differing priorities to meet deadlines;
• Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to leverage firm wide resources in an effective and judicious manner;
• Team-oriented, perpetual learner and must possess strong integrity and professionalism and share Oaktree’s common goal of excellence.

Education
• A Bachelor’s degree is required with a major in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Economics, Finance or another related field.
• CFA/FRM candidates will be given viewed favorably, as will anyone who at least demonstrates and an interest – though not a requirement.

Equal Opportunity Employment Policy

Oaktree is committed to diversity and to equal opportunity employment. Oaktree does not make employment decisions on the basis of race, creed, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, past or present physical or mental disability, HIV status, medical condition as defined by state law (genetic characteristics or cancer), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, veteran status, military service, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic violence victim status or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state and local laws and ordinances. This policy applies to hiring, placement, internal promotions, training, opportunities for advancement, recruitment advertising, transfers, demotions, layoffs, terminations, recruitment advertising, rates of pay and other forms of compensation and all other terms, conditions and privileges of employment.

This policy applies to all Oaktree applicants, employees, clients, and contractors.",3.4,"Oaktree Capital Management
3.4","Los Angeles, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
68,Senior Finance Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Qualys is seeking a Senior Finance Data Analyst with a strong experience in data management and financial reporting and systems. Responsibilities include establishing and maintaining Master Data standards and items within the Qualys systems and monitoring and validating the integrity of data as well as supporting corrective actions related to variances to standard. He/she will also help maintain systems and manage information used for financial administration and key financial metrics and reporting and assist in setting up automated reporting and financial analysis.

Responsibilities include:
Implement, optimize, and maintain financial systems and augment it with a separate data warehouse as needed
Create, maintain, monitor, and analyze all master data in ERP & CRM and integrated solutions
Ensure and enhance data quality and train users to ensure continuity of results
Provide creative yet logical approaches to solving data problems
Perform various levels of data validation across multiple systems
Create and manage the data dictionary to support change management efforts
Draft and maintain policies, procedures, and other documentation to ensure uniform, accurate, and consistent data are present
Provide testing support for upgrades and releases, including integration testing from various sources to target systems
Assist in setting up hierarchies and maintain consistency across different systems
Assist with data and analysis requests, providing detailed backups and explanations as needed
Build and support complex planning and forecasting models using the Anaplan platform
Build Anaplan Visualizations
Set up and automate reporting and charting and analyze trends and patterns
Perform other ad hoc responsibilities as necessary
You are:
A strong team player with a positive, service-oriented attitude who drives process improvements to increase effectiveness of the team and minimize room for errors
Hands-on, detail-oriented, and organized; prior experience having gathered, structured, monitored, and validated data to ensure data integrity and detailed documentation; has developed a habit of checking the accuracy of data and analysis several times over before submitting for review
A self-starter and high-achiever with a focus on doing a great job
A superior problem solver, possessing the initiative to look into the details and interpret the impact of key business drivers
Excellent multi-tasker who has strong time and project management skills and understands the importance of planning in advance to meet deadlines that include multiple review points and iterations
Strong communicator, both written & verbal; reliable and responsive to email and phone communications
Highest level of integrity and good judgment with the ability to effectively deal with highly sensitive, confidential information
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Accounting/Finance/Business or related field
Minimum of combined 4 years of hands on experience building Anaplan models and/or master data management in an ERP or CRM system
Experience querying data from a native source (ERP, CRM or database). Understanding of backend data and database structures
Experience partnering with FP&A and to deliver insightful information
Hands on experience with NetSuite, Salesforce, and Admin is a plus
High proficiency with Excel is a must, including ability to build automated Excel models from scratch (e.g., vlookup, sumif, iferror, etc.); VBA, SQL and ODBC knowledge preferred
Data organization and management skills. Technical expertise with data models, data import methodologies, database design development, and data mining; preferred experience with a BI tool",3.1,"Qualys
3.1","Foster City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
69,SAP Materials Master Data Analyst - Temp,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"This is a 6 month temporary assignment.

The Mizuho OSI Way

In 1978, we set out to change the way patients undergo surgery. As a Mizuho OSI customer, you can expect our commitment to the following…

We commit to your satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, we will strive to make it right.

We do things the right way. We commit to hire people with competence, generosity and a caring attitude. We motivate our employees to use their individual strengths to provide creative solutions, changes, and innovations. We anticipate your needs through customer experiences, thus nurturing our relationships.

Collectively, this creates an environment that enables and inspires healthcare professionals to improve the lives of patients.

Dare to go further. Care to do more.

TOP REASONS TO JOIN THE MIZUHO OSI TEAM
Privately held company with a tradition of market leadership and best-in-class innovation
Fast-paced entrepreneurial culture focused on dramatically improving patient outcomes through personal empowerment
Emphasis on continuous improvement and celebration of our values of R.E.S.P.E.C.T. and the Mizuho Way.
Create innovative solutions designed and manufactured at our HQ in Northern California
POSITION OVERVIEW
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 1 to 2 full life cycle SAP implementations and have participated or have led roles in blueprint activities, creating SOP, work instructions and training users to maintenance and sustain the master data. In addition be a savvy self-directed and capable individual who’s accustomed to delivering time critical work products.
Bachelor's degree in business, and or in systems applications such as SAP Modules or equivalent work experience
Experience with full life cycle SAP implementations
Formal training or experience with ASAP implementation methodology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
We are looking for you, if you have the ability to:
Hold meetings on Material Master and Item Master Data Management.
Assist with refining Business Process Design for Item Material Master including tactical MDM process.
Coordinate with functional disciplines in OPS/SCM and their IT counterparts.
Identify MDM Classifications of data and assist with identifying local data attributes.
Assist with the MDM governance model, including documenting processes with identified data owners, master process owners and SAP module owners.
Assist with identifying KPIs to improve quality and productivity.
Assist with workflows within MDM tool.
Here is what you will do day-to-day
Analyze business process requirements, design a solution approach in close collaboration with business teams
Write functional specifications and advise business teams of feasible solution designs
Work with IT in unit test efforts and with business in regression test efforts
Deliver BPP and solution documentation for implemented solutions
Work with functional teams (SD, MM, PP, FICO, QM)
Application Configuration and Support
Support SAP modules to meet business needs.
Unit test SAP software applications, including customizations and interfaces
Application Analysis and Design
Assist SAP users analyze and identify business process requirements.
Develop SAP functional application designs and specifications, individually or collaboratively.
Work as a member of cross-functional teams and add value by providing a technical perspective.
Guide Application Developers by recommending ways to design and unit-test applications. (SAP - PLM)
Change Management and Support
Provide QA function by reviewing/testing developer’s work.
Guide users in integrated testing, conference room pilot activities and applications startup activities.
Facilitate the process of change by clarifying new procedures and training system users.
Project Management and Control
Manage small projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables
Direct project resources and/or recommend and create internal development procedures and methodologies.
Understand scope and planned estimates of undertaken activities and manage actual time relative to the planned estimates.
Problem Solving:
Plays a key role in the Order to Cash team in the full project lifecycle, from the business blueprint of the project to post support.
Works with business analysts, business SMEs and various process owners to analyze their requirements: prepare and participate in workshops, requirement documentation, functional specifications and configuration documentation.
Provides support for Data extraction, data cleansing and loading
Works closely with IT resources for non-standard SAP objects.
Supports the development of test scripts and provide process expertise during test execution.
Assists and supports training document creation.
Finalizes the MDM configuration element s and triggers and support the solution after implementation.
Understand, follow and support Mizuho OSI’s internal Quality System policies, procedures and work instructions including but not limited to applicable external regulations (21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 820 Quality System Regulations and applicable International Standards).
What you will need to be successful in this role:
A minimum of 5 years of SAP process and configuration experience in Sales & Distribution, Materials Management, Production Planning and Quality Management modules and MDM.
Experience in at least 2 full life cycle implementations of SAP.
Experience in supporting all phases of SAP project life cycle including blueprint, design, build, test, deployment and support.
Experience in developing blueprint documentation, functional designs, test plans and scenarios as well as executing the tests.
Experience in and data validations during testing and implementation
Strong knowledge/experience in 1 additional SAP module is a must.
Experience with integration testing and implementation.
Thorough business understanding of Supply Chain processes.
Familiarity with SAP architecture.
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express complex business concepts in technical terms.
Strong analytical, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to work well on cross functional project teams.
Experience in the construction and distribution industry.
What you need to be prepared for:

The physical demands are representative of those needed to perform the essential functions of the job in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

NOTE: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties or functions to be performed by the incumbent. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties/functions requested by their supervisor.",3.7,"Mizuho OSI
3.7","Union City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
70,Data Governance Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB TITLE: Data Governance Analyst

JOB CLASSIFICATION: Exempt

REPORTS TO: Data Governance Director

JOB PURPOSE: The Data Governance Analyst will support the Data Governance activities at Argo Group. This position will support the company’s Data Governance and Data Management program throughout the organization.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Support data governance initiatives
Support the system of record as a “single-source of truth” for each data element; resolve multiple sources of truth issues with key stakeholders via clear definitions of elements.
Support management, manipulation and capture of data.
Liaise with multiple business units and support teams across the global enterprise on complex data governance projects.
Support the Data Governance Roadmap, including enterprise wide Data Quality Framework and an Information Model
Facilitate bi-directional communication of strategies, priorities and issues
Works with the business units to ensure data ownership and quality, and with Argo’s Data Protection Officer’s team to ensure data security
Champion organizational behavior change as it relates to the use of data; realizing vision of data managed as an asset
Work with Data Architects to ensure facilitation of consistent data quality control and optimization in EDW at enterprise level
Perform other duties as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or Business Administration or 3+ yrs. related field experience
2+ years working in a Data Governance Role
1+ years experience with Master Data Management
3+ years working in the Insurance or Financial Services
Credible across both business and IT
Understanding of operational processes, data, systems landscape
Experience with one or more data governance tools
REQUIRED COMPETENCIES:

Problem Solving
Demonstrates strong problem solving capabilities
Willing and able to overcome challenges and roadblocks to enable the business to meets it goals
Communication
Communicate effectively in both verbal (i.e. day-to-day discussions, team meetings) and written (requirements and design specifications) form, as well as have an overall ability to be clear and concise in all communications.
Comfortable communicating with all audiences from highly technical engineers to non-technical executives in both written and verbal channels
Actively listens to customers and teams
Builds good relationships with peers, executives and other departments
Ownership
Cares about the quality of the product systems and the success of the organization
Expresses opinion on solutions and does not allow bad solutions
High sense of urgency to meet commitments
Will go outside of primary role if needed to help drive success
PLEASE NOTE: At this time, Argo Group will not sponsor an applicant for employment authorization for this position.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment at Argo Group, please contact our Benefits Department at 210-321-8400.

To all recruitment agencies: Unless you have been requested to work on this position, or other positions with Argo Group, please do not forward any resumes to Argo Group employees. Argo Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the “Apply with LinkedIn” button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process.",3.6,"Argo Group US
3.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
71,Finance Data Analyst Internship - Paid,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Finance Data Analyst Internship
Paid Internship - Summer 2021
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uline seeks summer 2021 Finance Data Analyst Interns at its Corporate Headquarters in Pleasant Prairie, WI.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Design, develop, implement and maintain various dashboards and tools.
Utilize SQL and VBA to create tools to increase efficiency in financial processes.
Support the finance department with SQL queries (querying data) and ad hoc analytical tasks.
Gain exposure to multiple business units including Corporate Finance, Accounting, Credit Research / Analysis, Tax, Operations and Corporate Audit.
Enhance technical and financial skills through on-the-job experience and training.

Minimum Requirements
Candidates must be pursuing a Bachelor's degree related to Finance, IT, or Analytics.
SQL or relevant programming experience preferred.
Demonstrate strong problem solving, analytical, leadership and communication skills.
Ability to work on tasks independently.
Microsoft Excel skills required, Access skills a plus.

Benefits of a Uline Internship
Gain professional work experience in an area related to your degree.
Work in a positive, well-balanced environment.
Learn about the industry from all levels of Uline management.
Potential opportunity, upon graduation, for full-time employment with a successful, fast-growing company!
Housing available for those who live more than 50 miles away.

Intern Perks
On-site café with meals and dinner-to-go options prepared by executive chefs.
First-class fitness center with sauna and complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Outings throughout the summer with interns across all departments.
Intern specific Lunch and Learns.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a privately held, family-owned company known for incredible service and quality products. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products found in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Our quality products, huge inventory and ongoing expansion fuel our incredible growth. This is a great time to join Uline!

Apply online today to join us in 2021!

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Milwaukee, WI",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
72,Sr. Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Forest Lawn has always attracted unique and exceptional individuals; those who aren’t satisfied with simply building a career, but want to go home at the end of the day knowing they’ve made a profound and positive difference in people’s lives. If this sounds like you, take a look at our job openings....We may have your next GREAT OPPORTUNITY!

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Conducts special studies to analyze complex contract transactions and prepares recommendations for changes to reduce errors or simplify processes.
Identifies trends and recommends improvements accordingly.
Understands and has familiarity with the design of complex contract and accounts receivable software and the ability to quickly learn the design and operation of such systems.
Processes and inputs into computer database complex contract transactions.
Analyzes business process and discrepant data scenarios.
Mines data in contract database using Microsoft Access and Excel and SQL.
Develops and creates studies, reports, and analyses in areas such as, statistical sales reports, transaction exception reports, categorization of transactions by data fields present, etc.
Makes recommendations to management regarding cost saving or profit generating opportunities and profitability improvement strategies.
Prepares clear, concise written reports and presentations using Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.
Coordinates with all levels of management to provide, gather, analyze, summarize, and prepare recommendations regarding Client Accounts functions.
Works independently with minimal supervision as well as in a team environment.
Works closely with the Technology Services development, database and infrastructure team on various projects to gather requirements, document data and workflow requirements, and develop scalable, highly available, and secure automation, data models and reporting packages.
Handles multiple projects with detail and organization.
QUALIFICATIONS
BA/BS – Math, Engineering, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting preferred;
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.
3 - 5 Years’ experience as a Data Analyst.
Proven experience as a problem solver.
Must be customer service oriented.
Must be flexible, proactive, and a self-starter.
Advanced Microsoft Excel, Access and PowerPoint skills
Moderate skills with MS SQL, Python and VBA
Experience in report writing tools
Experience working with Data Models
E-Verify Statement:

Forest Lawn has registered to participate in the federal government's E-Verify program. With E-Verify we are able to confirm the employment authorization of all newly hired employees through an electronic database maintained by the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security. With respect to new hires, the E-Verify process is completed in conjunction with a new hire's completion of the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification upon commencement of employment. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates.

For up-to-date information on E-Verify, go to https://www.e-verify.gov/employees/e-verify-overview.",3.2,"Forest Lawn Memorial-Park Association
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1906,Company - Private,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
73,SAP Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"This is a permanent, full time, direct hire job opportunity offering W2 annual salary with full benefits - the job does not provide any visa sponsorship - you must have a permanent work authorization in USA (for example: US citizen or US Permanent Resident/Green Card holder) - must be able to relocate to work on site in Grain Valley, MO (~20 miles east from Kansas City, MO)

Please send me your details (resume, work authorization status, current location, availability and W2 annual salary expectations) directly to: denis.potapenko@systemone.com for an immediate consideration. Make sure to include both the job title and location of the job if you email me directly.

Position for a SAP Data Analyst

Responsibilities:
Work with SAP GSI (SAP Global Systems Integrator) Business Team and other business stakeholders to clearly understand KPI reporting, tool, and working-level reporting needs
Determine, document and communicate KPI reporting, tool, and working-level reporting design for developer use; Ensure designed solutions meet scalability and security requirements
Develop and implement validation plan for KPI reporting, tools, and working-level reports
Implement user rollout, support and training for KPI reporting, tools, and working-level reports
Recognize and ensure best practices in KPI reporting, tool, and working-level reporting, including data integrity, accuracy, and reliability, as well as documentation
Skills, Experience, Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Technology or related field
Experience with ERP systems (ideally with SAP), business intelligence, and data visualization tools
Must have experience with tools like QlikView, Qlik Sense (QlikSense)
Knowledge of dashboard development including concept design and build
Knowledge of data processes, report validation methods and data warehouse
Knowledge of user business practices, concepts and terms to enable data mapping identification
Please send me your details (resume, work authorization status, current location, availability and W2 annual salary expectations) directly to: denis.potapenko@systemone.com for an immediate consideration. Make sure to include both the job title and location of the job if you email me directly.",3.7,"System One
3.7","Atlanta, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1979,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
74,Data Analyst (Underwriting & Lending Industry),$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you find yourself searching for a truly unique working environment? Do you have a go-getter attitude? Well, are you ready to take on a new challenge? We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst (Underwriting & Lending) to join Dot818’s growing team!

We’re looking for a special kind of candidate – someone who appreciates challenging projects, is comfortable working with a supportive team, and hungers for the freedom to think outside of the box. We also want you to care about our core values too. We have a deep commitment to success, we build strong relationships through tenacious effort, and we keep a firm focus on our client’s needs. If this sounds like your dream job, take the first step toward joining our team and apply now with your resume.

The Data Analyst is expected to thoroughly understand the credit/lending risk domain, and frequently use industry specific risk analysis best practices when operating and building predictive models. The ideal candidate would be able to design new models, frameworks, dashboards, and other tools.
Job Requirements*
You should be able to:
Develop and implement underwriting and credit risk assessment data models
Track various data metrics within the lending industry
Close interaction with IT Team to design/improve data architecture
Identify optimization opportunities using predictive modeling
Develop and implement advanced custom models and algorithms
Develop tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy
Investigate new data sets and identify strategic opportunities for improving servicing for our customers
Build out new data flows as our product changes, and produce high-value, timely analytics relevant to the lending and underwriting industry
Qualifications*
Master’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or any other quantitative discipline
At least 3 years’ experience in the Fintech industry working with financial underwriting models, variables, and risk assessment models.
Knowledge of R, Python, SQL
Rigorous statistical intuition, deep understanding of core statistical principles, and extensive experience with core methods
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms
Skills*
You are highly organized with the ability to multi-task and prioritize in a fast-paced culture
You are a critical thinker and able to problem solve
You have strong verbal communication skills
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms
What We Offer*
Competitive compensation package
Casual Fridays and major holidays off
Flexible work environment with a close-knit family feel
Paid time off, company-sponsored 401k, and employee health and wellness benefits
Company luncheons, outings, after-hour events, and team building festivities
Workplace perks such as healthy snacks, fresh brewed organic coffee, and employee discounts
Company sponsored gym membership
Company provided parking
Last, but not least, you will get to work with an amazing group of people!
If you have the experience, drive to succeed and have a can-do attitude then we are looking for you. Click apply and come join a fast-growing technology company!*
Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Data Analyst: 3 years (Required)
Underwriting and Lending analysis: 1 year (Required)
Location:
Glendale, CA (Required)",5.0,"Dot818, LLC.
5.0","Glendale, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
75,"Sr Analyst, Data Management - Transmission",$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"About us

National Grid is hiring a Senior Analyst, Data Management for our Transmission Asset Systems & Data department in Waltham, MA.

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The

pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.

To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business.
Job Purpose

National Grid strives to make data-driven decisions regarding Transmission assets and how they are managed, maintained, and constructed. Asset Management and Data Management are key capabilities the company needs to strengthen to become world-class Transmission business. There is a gap between where we are today and where we need to be in order to deliver on key growth initiatives. Towards this we are looking for an individual who can develop and deliver these implementation plans.
Key Accountabilities

Act as an interface between Transmission Asset System Data and other organization in Wholesale Networks & Capital Delivery
• Helps turn data into information, information into analytics and help senior management drive business decisions
• Support data quality management and quality metrics capability that will enable business compliance with Data Management Standards
• Working with cross functional teams, stakeholders & partners, participates in gathering and documenting requirements to meet the needs of various projects and initiatives within the Transmission Asset System Data team
• Translate stakeholder requirements into data-oriented system specifications and collaborate with system designers to implement improvement initiatives
• Establish a catalogue of business terms, technical metadata, critical data elements, business rules, quality rules and their associations
• Understand engineering practices and processes and how these impact choices in data models and system architecture
• Develop and provide support in creating business rules, data quality rules and applies data profiling
• Provide support to business to monitor, investigate, remediate and communicate data quality issues
• Apply knowledge of end to end data flow and lineage from capture at source, to transform, to delivery and its business intent at each stage
• In-depth knowledge of Relational Database concepts and proficiency in SQL or other query language
Supervisory/Interpersonal- Experience Required

Ability to communicate to stakeholders at all levels in the organization.
Work well in a team.
Qualifications

Bachelors degree in Engineering, Information Systems, or related areas. Graduate-level degree preferred
5+ years of experience in supporting business in Business Intelligence, Data Management or Asset Management capacity
Experience working with BI tools, SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Informatica IDQ
Knowledge of data governance best practices
Leadership, coaching, persuasion, and relationship building skills
Ability to effectively interact with engineering, IT, and non-technical staff
A genuine passion for the benefits that good data management can bring to an organization
Knowledge of Agile methodology
Preference will be given to candidates who have experience with:
GIS-based data structures and tools (ex: Small World, ESRI)
Data management/profiling tools (ex: Informatica, Collibra, EB Studio)
Power engineering and Transmission system design
Business intelligence and data visualization tools (ex: Tableau, PowerBI)
More Information

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring

and applying technical skills. Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.",3.6,"National Grid USA
3.6","Waltham, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1990,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
76,Senior Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Senior Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision. This position also utilizes machine-learning to build models for implementation into production systems that are in line with the business' strategic objectives and values. This role will also demonstrate a good understanding of the business operations and datasets available in the healthcare industry.

In This Role You Will...
Analyze and interprets various types of data across the organization, identifying new metrics for measuring results as well as monitoring current metrics for trends. Ensures that all analysis is actionable for business process owners, enabling leaders of key areas to build, implement and identify solutions to address business performance gaps.
Assists in model development related to pricing and forecasting projects for the ministry.
Support in machine-learning and predictive modeling for various analysis not limited to healthcare cost, care management, sales and marketing, and others as applicable.
Develop and summarize conclusions gained from analyzing data using statistical and visualization tools like Microsoft Excel, SQL, Tableau and others
Builds accurate, complex datasets for use by the ministry, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Identifies and addresses expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of analytics, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings. In addition, the analyst will work with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Effectively communicates and presents relevant findings to all levels of management.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Strong proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Strong understanding of modern business analytics technology
Skill in working with large datasets from multiple, seemingly unrelated sources
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data to ensure accuracy
Ability to effectively and accurately present analytical findings using a variety of tools to senior level management
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to perform complex analysis and make recommendations based on statistical inferences
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to lead in projects and work as a team
Ability to extract internal customer's requirements while assessing if the requested criteria will lead to the expected outcome.
Ability to complete projects on or ahead of schedule
Demonstrated ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
2+ years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.3,"Christian Care Ministry
3.3","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
77,Data Warehouse Technical Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"IMT Insurance is hiring a Data Warehouse Technical Analyst in our Research and Development department to design, maintain, and provide support for data warehouse systems and other related data marts. This individual will also implement and enforce standards and procedures to ensure data is managed consistently and properly integrated within the warehouse. If you have strong time management and excellent communication skills, this position is for you!

A DAY IN THE LIFE:
Responsible for data warehouse design and configuration.
Ensures the accuracy and quality of warehouse data.
Map data between source systems, data warehouses, and data marts.
Develop data warehouse process models, including sourcing, loading, transformation, and extraction.
Defines user requirements and database design specifications.
Develop diagrams or flow charts of system operation.
Acts as a liaison between users, developers, DBAs and network administrators on data warehouse issues.
Interface with DBAs and security team on security and data masking needs.
Provides technical support and coordination during warehouse design, testing and movement to production.
Develop procedures for data management.
Responsible for coding and documenting procedures, and programming, testing and debugging data warehouses.
WHAT YOULL NEED:
Actively listens with strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to effectively manage multiple projects at once and prioritize
Maintain technical expertise and knowledge of current trends and techniques
Experienced with cloud-based solutions
Experienced with a programming or scripting language
Data base user interface and query software including SQL
Experienced with database infrastructure
Must possess the ability to work well with others
A college degree or equivalent needed to perform normal functions plus 5+ years of experience needed to perform the essential functions of the job.
Are you still wondering, Why IMT? Well let me tell you more. Weve been named a top workplace for seven years in a row because of the great people who work here. We also pride ourselves in being a family-orientated company, living true to the work/life balance lifestyle. Our employees benefit from a fun, but professional environment taking part in activities and events throughout the year that provides the perfect blend of social opportunities, personal and career development, and community involvement.

If want to learn more, I suggest you apply today!",4.4,"IMT Insurance
4.4","West Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1884,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
78,Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"This position is responsible for analyzing, reporting and maintaining information within iCare’s enterprise data warehouse and associated databases based on business unit priorities. Additionally, this position may be responsible for assisting with system configuration and support.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES:

Conducts business analysis, data modeling, logical and physical database design, database optimization, load strategy design and implementation, security and change management.
Create, manage and maintain reports using standard reporting technologies.
Develop strong working relationship with the business units to determine needs and solutions that monitor trends.
Maintain and manage a centralized data dictionary.
Ensure best practices are utilized in defining business processes, including identifying and reporting on trends and deviation.
Ensure adherence to company data architectural guidelines, principles and standards in all project milestones and deliverables.
Work with team to optimize system performance
Create appropriate documentation to support effective requirements definition including charts, graphs, and logic model diagrams as necessary.
Fully participate in iCare’s Compliance Program, including compliance with iCare’s Code of Conduct, policies and procedures, and all applicable Privacy and Security laws

An individual in this position must be able to successfully perform the essential duties and responsibilities listed above. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.

The above list reflects the general details necessary to describe the principle and essential functions of the position and shall not be construed as the only duties that may be assigned for the position.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering or related field, or equivalent experience
2+ years proven design/development experience in methodologies related to ad hoc reporting, dimensional modeling and Enterprise Data Warehousing.
2+ years of experience with relational database systems.
Proficiency in database design concepts and techniques for OLAP
Experience with enterprise-level DBMS systems and tools.
Extensive experience in Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services and Microsoft BI Tool set.
Strong problem-solving skills, logical process thinking, and end-to-end system concepts.
Strong verbal and written communication skills which can clearly articulate complex concepts and ideas to all levels of the organization in both technical and non-technical terms.
Strong knowledge of data mapping and data modeling processes.
Strong knowledge and experience creating reports that allow business users to drill into details.
Analytical skills which effectively deal with conceptual and tangible ideas along with attention to detail.
Working knowledge of the IT development process and life cycle, i.e. roles/responsibilities, tasks, milestones, deliverables.
Team oriented with ability to work effectively with many different people across many diverse organizations.
Ability to work on multiple, concurrent projects in a dynamic environment and manage time appropriately.
Management skills with the ability to plan, organize, and orchestrate activities such as Joint Application Development and review sessions.
Ability to identify and manage risks and issues, providing appropriate escalation when needed.
Data Analyst I (1-4 years of experience in data analysis and/or ETL design & development)
Data Analyst II (4-10 years of experience in data analysis and ETL design & development)
Data Analyst III (10+ years of experience in data analysis, ETL, and/or EDW design & development

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Understanding of Medicaid/Medicare
Understanding of healthcare insurance industry

PHYSICAL AND MENTAL DEMANDS:

Physical and mental stamina to handle heavy workloads.
Ability to operate a computer and typical office equipment.

The mental and physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of this position.

WORKING ENVIRONMENT:

iCare is a multi-cultural environment committed to diversity and service to people with disabilities.
Independent Care Health Plan is a professional, performance-oriented organization. Additional time and effort beyond a normal workweek may be required to accomplish company and individual objectives and to provide a high level of service to our members.
Most of work is performed in an office environment.
Periodic business-related travel may be required.
Work conditions may involve stress producing activities and/or timelines.

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an individual encounters while performing the essential functions of this position.

Experience
Required
1 year(s): experience in data analysis and/or ETL design & development
2 year(s): experience with relational database systems
2 year(s): design/development experience in methodologies related to ad hoc reporting, dimensional modeling and Enterprise Data Warehousing.
Education
Required
Bachelors or better in Engineering or related field
Bachelors or better in Management Information Systems or related field
Bachelors or better in Computer Science or related field
Behaviors
Preferred
Innovative: Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking
Functional Expert: Considered a thought leader on a subject
Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Motivations
Preferred
Growth Opportunities: Inspired to perform well by the chance to take on more responsibility
Self-Starter: Inspired to perform without outside help
Goal Completion: Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks",2.9,"Independent Care Health Plan
2.9","Milwaukee, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
79,Senior Data Analyst - CRM,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Zeta Global CRM division provides email, database and interactive marketing services worldwide to clients, the company’s services include strategic campaign planning and optimization, test design, creative development (including rich media), campaign execution, web application development, research, and advanced analytics.

The Analytics team is currently seeking a Senior Analyst. As a Senior Analyst, you will use a variety of data sources and software tools such as SQL, Excel and internal tools to develop reports and insights based on specification provided by clients or client analytical leads.

Primary Job Responsibilities:
Work with digital marketing and CRM partners to understand clients’ requests, design proper metrics reports and dashboard.
Handle data gathering and analysis construction with a variety of data sources and tools.
Develop reports and customized analysis, data organizing and cleansing, and analysis and presentation
Create easy-to-understand data visualization, presentations and provide logical insights and actionable recommendations to clients.
Work with BI and technical team to prioritize and identify the opportunity to automate reports.
Streamline the reporting process; develop repeatable and scalable process and coding across multiple systems and platforms
Work with various businesses and technical teams to make sure the data presented are accurate and flawless.
Well document the standard reporting or analysis procedures and other necessary documents.
Job Requirements:
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in Computer Programming, Statistics, Marketing Analytics or related technical/quantitative field; Master degree a plus
Minimum 3 years of professional experience in an analytical role (prior experience in Agency/consulting or Email industry a plus), digital marketing, database marketing and web analytics a plus
Experience working in rational database, SQL coding, SAS or R or Python programming and extensive Excel skills
Experience working in BI tools, such as Tableau, Microstrategy, Jasper, etc.
Experience in development, presentation and/or deployment of predictive model and segmentation is strongly preferred; knowledge of Machine Learning approaches a plus
Experience working with 3rd party data providers such as Acxiom, IRI a plus
Able to take broad specifications or requests from client and ask the right “questions” to help fine tune the request to help deliver reporting needs. Be able to conduct data investigation when issue arises both independently and/or working with cross functional technical resources, if required, to solve problem
Good verbal and written communication skills; Attention to details, be able to identify data gaps/abnormality in output
Able to plan, organize, & work on multiple projects at once
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","Melville, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
80,Senior Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Company:
Industrious is the largest premium workplace provider in the U.S. with nearly 100 locations in more than 50 U.S. cities. Its Workplace Experience platform, which pairs thoughtfully-designed spaces with hospitality-driven services and amenities, has reshaped the concept of coworking into a scalable solution for companies of all sizes and stages. Since its founding in 2013, Industrious has helped thousands of companies scale their businesses while maintaining the highest NPS scores in the industry. For more information, visit www.industriousoffice.com.
As we shape the future of workplace experience, we're looking for motivated, thoughtful, and collaborative people who are excited to join a high-growth, warm, and welcoming team. For more information, please visit www.industriousoffice.com/careers.

About the Role:
As the Data Analyst at Industrious, you are responsible for building the data-models that underpin our analytics and reporting. You have a flexible skillset: someone who is adept with SQL code, is experienced in ad-hoc data-modeling, and can partner with an engineer to build our data-warehouse.

This is an amazing role for a curious, analytical mind who is excited to touch all elements of the business and lay the foundation for analytics and insights.

You are a great fit for this role if:
You are eager to sit at the intersection of technology and analysis
You are an independent operator who can build from the ground up
Data engineering? Data analysis? Data science? You want to work with all three pieces of the analytics cycle
Responsibilities:
Partner with an engineer to build our data-warehouse
Develop the Redshift/Snowflake models that underpin our analytics and reporting
Serve as the bridge between our Analytics and Technology teams
Requirements:
Very strong SQL skills (preferably Postgresql)
Experience creating ad-hoc databases (e.g., using DBT or equivalent)
Experience transforming and analyzing large datasets
Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and techniques
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or similarly quantitative/technical field
Experience in analytics or a technical field
Preferred qualifications:
Experience with Data Lakes (e.g., (Redshift/Snowflake preferred) and proven ability to produce scalable solutions
Experience with connectors (e.g., FiveTran, Stitch)
Experience with visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Looker)
Experience working in a cloud-based environment (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google-Cloud)

Perks:

In addition to our incredible team, there are lots of other fun reasons to work with us.
Daily breakfast, snacks, coffee, tea, and drinks at all Industrious locations
Health care, including vision and dental
401K plan
Smart casual dress code
Generous vacation time
Paid parental leave
Team outings and annual company-wide offsite
Industrious in the News:
Industrious CEO Sees Company as Less Risky Than WeWork
Industrious' Jamie Hodari on the Return to Work
Coworking Spaces Prepare To Welcome People Back, Expect the Industry To Grow
Industrious is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Industrious believes that diversity is critical to our success in delivering great workplace experiences and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment which celebrates diversity of our people. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs.",3.7,"Industrious
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Membership Organizations,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
81,Sr. Big Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Consumption team of Decision Sciences and Transformation (DSaT) department is seeking a highly motivated Technical Business/Data Analyst to start or continue an IT career at GEICO on the Big Data project.
Teaming up with software engineers, scrum masters, leads, managers and directors, you will work in an Agile environment to make application data ingested from various partner systems consumable on the Big Data Atomic Layer.
In this role, you will coordinate with a variety of IT departments to elicit and translate high level business requirements into detailed system requirements. You will participate in the entire software development lifecycle by writing and executing test plans, finding solutions to issues during development and after deployment. You should be intellectually curious, have a solutions-oriented attitude and enjoy learning new tools and techniques.

Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
o Strong SQL, data mapping, and data profiling skills
o Working knowledge of Big Data and the Hadoop Ecosystem
o Assists developers with more complex and detailed projects including root cause analysis, gap analysis etc.
o Knowledge of Data transformation, Data management & ETL processes
o Excellent time management skills and attention to detail is required
o Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
o Strong problem-solving ability, critical thinking skills, creative/innovative thinking
o Ability and desire to learn new skills and techniques
o Ability to thrive while working on ambiguous or challenging projects
o A Bachelor's degree in a computer or information technology or currently enrolled in a degree program
Desirable Qualifications:
o At least 2 years’ experience on writing queries using SQL
o Proficient in SQL and able to extract & validate data using SQL query
o Project Management experience
o Experience documenting business and system requirements, processes, workflows and test plans
o Experience with Relational Database (Microsoft SQ, Oracle or DB2)
o Ability to work independently while supporting multiple projects in a dynamic environment
o Understanding of software development, web technologies, and testing approaches
#LI-SB1 #DI-SB
The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
GEICO Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply
Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
82,Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"This position is responsible for collecting and cleansing data, conducting data analysis and performing software support including the testing of software as well as building software documentation for multiple internal and hosted applications at the ELCHC. These applications and data sets support families, assists in evaluating program performance and drives other key process improvement functions to support contractual obligations. The Data Analyst collaborates with key business users to ensure requirements are met and report specifications are delivered accurately and completely.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES*
· Evaluate business requirements to build data sets from multiple sources for business reporting purposes

· Create daily, weekly and monthly reports on children, providers, assessors, enrollments and terminations

· Ensure the accuracy of reporting

· Manage and update provider changes on multiple systems as needed

· Migrate data between multiple database applications

· Develop and maintain internal and external business applications and corresponding reports

· Perform software testing and document errors and processes for improvement

· Provide departmental support in developing and standardizing processes for coalition operations using data sets

· Perform first-line user support, technical assistance and troubleshooting for business applications and reporting, both for internal and external users.

· Create and manage user accounts and permissions for all applications

· Perform additional responsibilities as required

· Support other special projects as needed
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES*
None
QUALIFICATIONS*
Associates degree from an accredited institution in business administration, Information Technology or other closely related field; a combination of education and previous experience may be considered
Minimum 2 years experience in data management and/or data analytics; Early Learning Coalition database experience preferred
2+ years of experience using Tableau
1+ years of experience using or reporting from MIP Fund Accounting Software
2+ years of experience with SQL Server Reporting Services or other relational database reporting tool
Experience using and managing service desk software such as Zendesk
Ability to interpret and draw conclusions from data sets
Intermediate skills in Microsoft Office and Teams is essential
Experience with Agile, SDLC, project management and/or process improvement (Six Sigma) will be given preference
This position requires successful completion of the level 2 background screening standards as set forth in s. 435.04, F.S.
Physical Activity/ Work Conditions*
· *Work Environment: *This job operates in a general office setting. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, copiers/fax machines. While performing the duties of this job, the employee frequently interacts with staff, vendors, and the general public in person and via telephone and email.

· *Physical Demands: *While performing the duties of this job, the employee will be required to sit for prolonged periods of time, at a desk, utilizing a computer and reviewing online and paper documents. The employee will also be required to lift and move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and move up to 50 pounds.

· *Position Type and Expected Hours of Work: *This is a full time position. Standard hours are Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Evening and weekend hours may be required.

_The statements in this Job Description are intended to describe the general nature and minimum level of work required. The content should not be construed as a complete list of all duties, responsibilities and skills required to meet the criteria for this position. Upon request, reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. __Early Learning Coalition of Hillsborough County does not discriminate against employees or clients based on race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, familial status or any other characteristic protected by Federal and State law. The coalition will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as Amended (ADAAA). We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law._

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $40,000.00 - $52,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
data management or data analytics: 2 years (Required)
Company's website:
www.elchc.org
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"EARLY LEARNING COALITION OF HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY
4.0","Tampa, FL",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
83,Data and Reporting Analyst - Wealth and Trust,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Boston Private is a leading provider of fully integrated wealth management, trust and private banking services. For more than 25 years, Boston Private has taken a highly personalized approach to serving the complex financial needs of individuals, families, business owners, private partnerships, nonprofits and community partners. Boston Private is also an active provider of financing for affordable housing, first-time homebuyers, economic development, social services, community revitalization and small businesses.

Headquartered in Boston, Boston Private has offices across the U.S. including Boston, San Francisco, San Jose, Los Angeles and South Florida. Private banking and trust services are provided through Boston Private Bank & Trust Company. Wealth management services are provided through Boston Private Wealth LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company.

Responsibilities:

As a member of the Data, Analytics and Reporting Team (DART) and reporting to the Head of Data Management, the Data and Reporting Analyst – Wealth and Trust will have one main objective: Ensure the Wealth and Trust senior leadership team’s data and reporting needs are being met. Success in this role will be achieved by understanding Wealth & Trust business management data needs and continuously (and iteratively) delivering value through enhanced data and reporting to the business. The person in this role will wear two hats serving as both a Data Analyst and a Reporting Analyst. As a Data Analyst, the role is to proactively collect, understand, rationalize, and document data and reporting requirements. As a Report Analyst, the role is to translate the requirements into valuable decision-making analysis tools and reports. Key stakeholders include other DART members and members from the Wealth and Trust business including report end users and self-service “power users”.

This role will serve as the advocate and voice of Wealth and Trust within DART serving as a conduit for communications and priorities among and between DART, Data Stewards, data consumers and processors.

Key responsibilities include:

Proactively gather, document data requirements and analysis including lineage mapping source to use, data integrity and transformation rules and logic, BI and Reporting requirements.
Work closely with DART data engineers to inform data modeling for the Enterprise Data Warehouse and Wealth and Trust Reporting Mart.
Work closely with DART Report Developers to create BI Dashboards, Reports or other data delivery solutions to business stakeholders.
Translate business requirements and build-out insightful reporting solutions using Tableau and Boston Privates other reporting solutions.
Work closely with the Data Architecture team to enhance existing tools and data architecture supporting data interrogation, analysis and reporting.
Work with business “power users” to determine best data analysis tools and reports to accomplish their analyitical needs.
Work closely with the Head of Data Governance to gather and also enforce Wealth and Trust data standards and policies.
Lead and attend, feedback sessions to improve BI and Reporting.
Maintain a priority list of Wealth and Trust data pain points, issues and needs that reflect their business priorities.
Lead and maintain a Wealth and Trust report inventory (agonstic of reporting interface/system) to ensure consistent use and opptimzation of report creation, access and distribution.
Leverage DART processes and tools to communicate, develop, and maintain project assests such as documentation and analysis including Jira and steps required as part of DART’s development and launch control processes.

Skills and Experience

5+ years’ hands-on experience working on data requirements, data integrity analysis and/or data quality management.
Experience with SQL and demonstrated understanding of relational databases required.
Experience working on or directly supporting a data management team.
Proven experience of working in a business analyst role focusing on data requirements.

Prior experience using Tableau dashboards or equivalent to build BI/ Reporting Tools a plus.

Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a similar subject required.
Master’s degree in Technology preferred, or equivalent work experience using software tools for data interrogation is required.
Demonstrated attention to detail and teamwork.
Exceptional written and verbal Communication skills.
Wealth/Financial Services industry experience is required.

Boston Private is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.",3.6,"Boston Private Bank & Trust Company
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
84,"Senior Data Analyst, Economics & Load Forecasting",$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"About us

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.

To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business.

National Grid is hiring a Senior Data Analyst for our Economics and Lead forecasting department in Waltham, MA.
Job Purpose

The Economics & Load Forecasting team produces the electric and gas load forecasts for National Grid as well economic analysis and insight. As a Senior Data Analyst you will participate in the development, presentation, and defense of the gas and electric load forecasts for our US service territory using econometric methods. You will support Economics & Load Forecasting teams in all data related tasks including, but not limited to: data acquisition, data pipelines, data dictionary management, software/script development.
Key Accountabilities

Assemble small and large data sets that meet internal business requirements of the Economics & Load Forecasting team
Design and implement ETL processes that will enable and enhance Gas Load Forecasting
Support and improve infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and no-SQL technologies
Drive the process to automate manual procedures and optimize data delivery for end-users
Work with stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Supervisory/Interpersonal- Experience Required

Ability to communicate to stakeholders at all levels in the organization.
Work well in a team.
Qualifications

Bachelors degree in a computer science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. Masters degree is strongly preferred, with a background in Computer Science and/or database architecture
3+ years of experience in a data-heavy role
Ability to write code in one or more scripting languages: R, Python
In-depth experience working with SQL Databases (Oracle, SQLServer, PostgreSQL)
Software engineering skills (e.g., algorithms, distributed computing, and data structures)
Experience Tableau/Power BI preferred
Experience with SAS preferred
Successful history of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from disconnected datasets
Excellent communication skills
Fully versed in various OS environments: Windows Server and Linux, system task scheduling, Bash programming
Knowledge of networks and firewalls
Ability to design and develop software solutions that can be leveraged across multiple projects and have scale for the future
Relevant energy industry experience in a regulated setting preferred.
Highly motivated with the ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team
More Information

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills. Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.",3.6,"National Grid USA
3.6","Waltham, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1990,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
85,Senior Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Mission
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.

Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category, and that’s just the beginning. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution, and other things we haven’t even dreamt up yet. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living at a societal level. But the key to us being successful in our mission isn’t just about nailing the technology—it’s about hiring the talented people who can help us make a quantifiable impact in the world. We’re growing our world-class team.
And that’s where you come in.

The Role
The Senior Data Analyst will work with teams (product, marketing, engineering, data science, CX and business owners, etc.) to measure, understand, and monitor key business metrics across our mobile apps and websites. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working with datasets across a variety of systems (SQL, Firebase,...).
This role will be responsible in delivering ad-hoc analysis with actionable insights and translating stakeholders’ priorities into dashboards. As an early member of the analytics team, you’ll have many opportunities to make a meaningful impact by helping develop how we do analytics as a company.

All applicants for this job posting must complete the simple challenge.
Must have:
Previous experience(s) in an early stage startup in an analytics role. Not everything has been built yet and data is often messy or incomplete. This role is just as much of doing the difficult work to design the core system as it is in getting reliable analytics results.

Skills and Experience:

Degree in quantitative or business fields preferred
Prior experience in a consumer organization is a plus
Web and mobile analytics experience using a variety of tools
Proficiency with Firebase and/or Google Analytics
Experience using SQL
Python experience is a great plus
Experience with web and mobile tagging, including tag management system (GTM, DTM,...)Ability to build and manage dashboarding tools (Data Studio, Redash, Tableau,...)
Strong analytical skills
Team player
Highly organized, attention to detail and curious

Salary & Benefits:

Salary: We invest in first-rate people and pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of vacation + six weeks of parental leave, and great work-life balance. Our office building offers on-site shower and bike stalls, and panoramic views of San Francisco.
Location: Due to COVID-19 our teams are all working remotely through 2020. We provide an in-home office set-up including laptop, monitor, ergonomic desk, chair and other items as needed
Location: Post COVID-19: San Francisco, CA near Montgomery Bart Station
BlueOwl, LLC is an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf",4.5,"Blue Owl
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
86,"Senior Data Analyst, Project Controls",$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Under the direction of the Senior Manager of Project Controls, the Senior Data Analyst will develop reporting, analyze, evaluate and forecast project controls data. The analyst will also collaborate across San Manuel Band of Mission Indians (SMBMI) & San Manuel Casino (SMC) business operations to gather requirements for report development and/or in depth analysis. Will share activities with project controls team and grow the Project Controls department analytics/BI and process initiatives. The Senior Data Analyst will be required to use independent judgment, provide report and recommendations to Project Controls leadership team.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities

1. Responsible for project financial planning and forecasting, report development and automation with visualizations software.

2. Develop automated reporting and adhoc reporting for Project Controls team and leadership as needed (SAS Enterprise Guide).

3. Meets with Project Controls team as necessary to provide information and address departmental issues, such as system interruptions or critical data integrity issues.

4. Define and gather information from Financial system of record as needed to enhance the Project Controls Data Structures.

5. Perform duties such as: validating, financial capital planning, cash flow analytics, break even analysis, creating KPIs, and tracking methodologies.

6. Provide guidance and lead information gathering sessions with Project Managers in adherence to approved project controls policy and procedures.

7. Work closely with Project Managers, Procurement Managers, Financial Analysts, Legal, Finance/Accounting, and Data Services to ensure timely approvals.

8. Perform other duties as assigned to support the efficient operation of the department.

Education/Experience/Qualifications
Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, auditing, or related field required.
Minimum of five (5) years of analytical experience is required.
Demonstrated experience working with relational databases and enterprise reporting tools required.
Experience with software programs Tableau and Lawson is preferred.
Equivalent combination of education and progressive, relevant and direct experience may be considered in lieu of minimum educational/experience requirements indicated above.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Access is required.
Employee must have experience demonstrating the utmost discretion and confidentiality.
Certificates/Licenses/Registrations
At the discretion of the San Manuel Tribal Gaming Commission you may be required to obtain and maintain a gaming license.
A qualified candidate/employee must have a valid drivers license with an acceptable driving record as determined by the companys insurance carrier.
San Manuel Band of Mission Indians and San Manuel Casino will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

As one of the largest private employers in the Inland Empire, San Manuel deeply cares about the future, growth and well-being of its employees. Join our team today!",3.3,"San Manuel Band of Mission Indians
3.3","Highland, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
87,Data Analytics Engineer-Business Intelligence Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Analytics Engineer-Clinical Services
Summa Health System
Full-time, w/benefits

Summa Health System is recognized as one of the region’s top employers by a number of third party organizations, including NorthCoast 99. Exceptional candidates gravitate to Summa because of its culture, passion for delivering excellent service to our patients and families commitment to our philosophy of servant leadership, collegial working relationships at every level of the organization and competitive pay and benefits.
Summary:
Works with a team of technologists (Data Engineers and Visualization Engineers) to deliver insights across various aspects of Summa Health’s operational, financial, and clinical activities with the goal of leveraging data to drive and realize the full potential of the organization’s programs.

Minimum Qualifications:
Formal Education Required:
-Bachelor’s degree in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, or related discipline
Experience & Training Required:
-Five (5) years of experience in a previous analytics role in healthcare domain involving healthcare data analysis to optimize business operations
-Knowledgeable about the workings of integrated healthcare systems, health plan, research, and community programs
-Experience in analyzing healthcare data using statistical methods to optimize business operations and communicating their findings using data visualization and detailed reports

Other Skills, Competencies and Qualifications:
-Analytical mindset with good problem-solving skills
-Excellent written and verbal communication skills
-Acumen for analytics needs of an integrated health system how to use data to achieve those needs.
-Ability to effectively interact with populations of patients/customers with an understanding of their needs for self-respect and dignity
-Ability to summarize results and develop effective business presentations.
-Ability to interact with populations both technical and non-technical, with an understanding of their needs for self-respect and dignity
-Strong, critical thinker with ability to extend knowledge of information systems and applications to business processes and to cross team collaboration. Ability to explain complex, technical concepts to lay audiences and non-IT staff.
-Basic knowledge of data warehousing, data marts
-Experience with one or more Summa application platforms is desirable including Soarian Financials, DSS, HQ/HI, Epic/CarePATH and tools (RWB, Clarity, Caboodle, Radar, SlicerDicer, Registries), CostFlex, e-ClinicalWorks, GE Centricity, Lawson, Pentaho, SAS, Tableau.

1. Work with senior leaders within a line of business and across the enterprise to establish a measurement plan focused on outcomes
2. Work as a data strategist to identify and integrate datasets, data components, and attributes from various information systems to leverage information for business programs and objectives
3. Communicate, advise senior leaders about utilizing all relevant data, including clinical, operational, exposome, social determinate, economic and financial, to drive programmatic growth and achieve strategic outcomes
4. Gather baseline data information to understand current state and improvement opportunity
5. Identify data requirements based on analytical processes to measure the outcomes
6. Conduct descriptive/statistical analysis of the data set to validate hypothesis
7. Define the business requirements / specifications and user interface (Wireframes and Mockups)
8. Work with other members of CoE to develop mission control dashboards that measures the timely performance to outcome
9. Validate, deploy mission control dashboards
10. Educate Mission end users and advocate adoption of analytical tools
11. Support rolling out new insights, which are a result of discovery and exploratory exercises conducted, by citizen data analysts / scientists.
12. Ensuring that mission control insights remain relevant to achieving the desired outcome
13. Confirming that stakeholders are utilizing mission control in pursuit of that outcome
14. Surfacing new insights to drive continuous improvement
15. Communicate findings to stakeholders; implement improvement efforts as needed.

Level of Physical Demands:
Light: Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to ten pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force continuously.
#LI-AV1",3.6,"Summa Health System
3.6","Akron, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1926,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
88,Data Analyst II,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"We know why you are reading about this opportunity. You are driven to achieve goals. You are looking to make a direct impact. You want to work in a culture where your co-workers work as part of a diverse team, communicate across departments, and have a positive attitude. If we had to guess, you are innovative with great ideas, want to bring efficiencies to processes, and are looking to grow your career. Are we right? If so, let’s talk about who we are.

Who We Are

Greenphire is a leading provider of clinical payment and communication solutions. We provide software as a service (SaaS) to reduce costs, increase participant retention, and produce quantifiable results for our clients in the clinical trial industry. Our vibrant culture focuses on four key values: All In, As a Team, For a Purpose, Solving Problems.

We are a multi-year recipient of the Philadelphia Business Journal’s Best Places to Work award, and love to give shout-outs and awards to our employees. Our For A Purpose committee champions philanthropic activities throughout the year so employees can give back to our community. We have a diversity committee that focuses on breaking down barriers, recognizing that our uniqueness is what makes us so successful!

To Join Our Team

You must love numbers and manipulating large sets of data. You also must be analytical with experience extracting and uploading data into a system - paying special attention to detail and taking pride in accuracy. At the same time, you have to be able to excel in a fast-paced environment and love ever-changing and advancing work. If automating and making things efficient is your thing, look no further!

How You Will Contribute
Build internal relationships and deliver data science solutions to meet their needs
Extract and manipulate large amounts of data using SQL, Excel and visualization analytics software
Present analytics and data visualizations for stakeholders, with actionable insights
Provide ad hoc queries, and develop reports that provide insights and access to key performance metrics
Integrate data from multiple sources into reports for internal and external sources
Conduct quality control and auditing to ensure accuracy and appropriateness of data and configurations
Work cross-functionally with Operations and Technology to improve data quality and reporting
For Consideration You Will Have
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, finance or equivalent work experience
SQL and advanced Excel experience
Prior coding experience (a plus)
Proficiency with visual analytics software; MS Power BI, MS SQL Server Analysis is a plus!
Proven analytical, evaluative, and problem-solving abilities
Passion for sharing your skills and data knowledge with others
Demonstration of high degree of productivity while handling multiple tasks simultaneously, and easily adaptable to urgent matters when required
Strong written and verbal communication, and research skills
Strong relationship building skills for collaboration",3.6,"Greenphire
3.6","King of Prussia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
89,EEO/Affirmative Action Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Works and proactivley interacts directly with client corporate human resource personnel during all stages of the affirmative action plan preparation process.
Responsible for collecting, validating and formatting data for preparing affirmative action programs as well as VETS and EEO-1 filing for clients.
Analyzes employment data from government contractors to develop and maintain Affirmative Action Programs that are EO 11246, Section 503, and VEVRAA compliant.
Conducts extensive analysis of workforce data in Microsoft Excel and dedicated Affirmative Action software on behalf of HR Unlimited, Inc clients.
Successfully use and understand Excel tools such as filtering, VLOOKUP, and pivot tables.
Coordinates and assists in the development of Excel-based Macros used for all the firm’s statistical analyses
Use strong verbal and written communication skills to interface with clients.
Create visually impactful data, with tools such as Tableau, to explain statistical results of analysis.
Identifies problem areas within client's current workforce makeup and other areas for improvement.
Supports clients through OFCCP audits from receipt of scheduling letter through closure.
Makes presentations to review Affirmative Action Analysis with clients
Collaborates with other employees in a small team environment to complete work and projects.
Performs other duties and special projects as assigned.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $17.00 - $20.00 per hour

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Tuition Reimbursement
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
The employer enforces and maintains safety protocol to avoid COVID 19 and to protect its employees health and safety. Masks are required, social distancing maintained, and sanitizers are available. Temperature check upon arriving to work is available

Experience:
Affirmative Action Plan preparation: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Santa Ana, CA 92705 (Preferred)
License:
PHR (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Working Days:
Monday (Required)
Tuesday (Required)
Wednesday (Required)
Thursday (Required)
Friday (Required)
Application Question:
Experience with Excel Macro is a plus.
Excellent interpersonal communications
Excellent verbal and written communications
customer service experience is required

Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.hrunlimitedinc.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.4,"HR Unlimited, Inc.
3.4","Santa Ana, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
90,Senior Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Data Analyst*
Responsibilities will focus on providing detailed financial and operational reporting as well as enhancing, creating and analysis of key performance indications via push reporting form a data warehouse.

DUTIES
Maintain the data warehouse, the data warehouse infrastructure, ETL pipelines from enterprise systems to the data warehouse, and the integrity of the data therein.
Hands-on experience working with MS SQL Server (MySQL, Hive and SSIS are a plus)
Building SQL reports and dashboards that interpret data to expose patterns and trends.
Automating the collection of data from available sources while identifying new opportunities for automation.
Assist in developing and tracking relevant business metrics that help drive business success, as well as the periodic communications of those metrics to key stakeholders.
Help with in-depth periodic analysis of business metrics and variance analysis.
Ensure all data warehouse reporting reconciles to existing management systems.
Aid in the preparation and development of detailed budgets and forecasts, including P&L, cash flow, and balance sheet projections on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.
Complete ad hoc analysis as needed.
Provide input to the management team as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS
Degree in accounting, finance or quantitative discipline preferred.
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in FP&A, Business Analytics or Corporate Strategy
STARTING SALARY RANGE: $75,000

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $75,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Analytics, Strategy or FP&A: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.hmespecialists.com
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"HME SPECIALISTS, LLC
3.2","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
91,Senior Data Analyst,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"Strategic Resilience Group is seeking a *Data Analyst Sr. *to support the Category Management Support Office (CMSO) in changing acquisition policy and procedures across the VA. AMSG is a Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) verified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB). AMSG supports a variety of Department of Defense (DoD), Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Defense Health Agency, Department of the Treasury, and Federal Trade Commission (FTC) program and performance management services. We take pride in our great work environment and highly motivated company. Join our team of top talent in supporting the federal government.
Location: * Washington, D.C.
Education: * BA/BS Degree
Experience: *Minimum of eight years’ experience
Clearance Requirements: *Ability to successfully pass a background check to obtain a Public Trust
Job Type: *Full Time
General Description: *Performs tasks requiring delivery of analysis and advice for management. Tasks may include obtaining data through advanced computerized models; extrapolating data patterns through advanced algorithms; developing simple graphs and charts to explain how mathematical information will influence a specific project or business case; and present to managers how to best alter their business models to generate profitable future trends.
Responsibilities: *
Assist in the management and facilitation of overall VA wide Category Management operations, program governance, change management, scheduling events, preparing reports, and tracking overall compliance issues.
Provide broad data analysis support across areas of the Category Management program: Category Management, Process Improvement/Change Management, Data Analytics and Category Management Execution
Develop work products by writing, analyzing, editing, formatting, modifying, and designing products for delivery to the customer. (program plans, briefings, dashboards, etc.)
Assist in the development of policies, processes, standards, tools, and templates to address ingesting, storing, using, accessing, retaining, reporting, and visualizing data. Approach shall be compliant with OMB 19-13 (Mar 2019), and compliant/consistent with the Category Management governance framework.
Support the development of requirements and methodologies for exploiting a program-wide analytics platform to be used across the VA for descriptive, exploratory, and predictive analytics. Work with incomplete or imperfect data to analyze and translate spend, market intelligence, and contract data, analyze specific program effectiveness or improvement opportunities, tracking trends, and measuring compliance.
Assist the CMPSO and category teams in the implementation of CM visualizations specific to a category. Provide expertise in the delivery and operation of Tableau, or Microsoft Power BI and evolving dashboards and analytic platforms to include the application of aesthetic design principles and end-user experience optimization.
Identify opportunities and enable synthesis and extension of analytics to integrate Subject Matter Expert data; maintain and actively manage to ingest of additional data sources from both Government and private industry best practices that are employed by the CMPSO and category managers.
Address operational acquisition analysis requests from the VA CM community (i.e. VA SAO, CMPSO, Category Managers and support teams).
Recommend training or policies to improve the quality of data entry and collection efforts.
Access FPDS-NG, MAX.Gov Dashboards, as well as other federal procurement data systems identified to effectively identify opportunities and current vehicles that may support the achievement of Agency Category Management goals
Assist in the development and establishment of change control processes to review, evaluate, and approve new processes and requirements.
Support and participate in cross-cutting communication meetings, as required
Assist with the development of approaches, frameworks, and processes to achieve strategic plan objectives and program KPIs,
Design and perform category research methodologies to include data mining, analysis and interpretation, and mathematical modeling to estimate category spend.
Facilitate data analysis and benchmarking, development of business intelligence products, as well as performance measurement and reporting.
Operate and exploit data from multiple Government tools and systems. This toolset includes the CMPSO's AFBIT (Lite), GSA's D2D, AFPEO/CM's SMT, FDPS-NG, EDA, and DoD developed cost management framework (CODE) in applicable categories.
Analyze internal category spend and integrate current Subject Matter Expert (SME) data with data collected from industry to identify opportunities to enhance mission performance, improve total cost of ownership or compliance through various CM processes
Engage with SMEs and analyze functional/operational data to assist the Category Manager in the development of performance metrics to include capability (i.e. mission performance, readiness, affordability, etc.), cost, and compliance metrics.
Support development, evaluation and/or implementation of Courses of Action (COAs) resulting from CSP and CIRs
Analyze data in support of KPIs to include SUM and BIC Metrics; Provide recommendations for 'Tier 0"" actions (as defined in OMB's Federal Spend Under Management taxonomy).
Requirements: *
Expertise in MS Excel, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI and other business intelligence and data analytic platforms
Experience in gathering data concerning products or services, analyzing data to form and generate options into comprehensive strategies.
Superior verbal and written communication skills. Ability to communicate clearly (read, write, and speak)
Strong Data Analytics skills
Must be a U.S Citizen
Desired Qualifications: *
Military Veteran
Self-starter in a fast-paced environment
Advanced proficiency with MS Word and PowerPoint
Contract length: 12 months

Expected start date: 2020-10-01

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $79,500.00 - $88,600.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
COVID-19 considerations:
Work is currently offsite but will move to government spaces when the COVID 19 recovery plan is in place.

Experience:
analytics: 8 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Strategic Resilience Group
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
92,"Lead Data Analyst, Economics & Load Forecasting",$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"About us

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.

To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business.

National Grid is hiring a Lead Analyst for our Economics & Load Forecasting Department in Waltham, MA.
Job Purpose

The Economics & Load Forecasting team produces the electric and gas load forecasts for National Grid as well economic analysis and insight. As a Lead Analyst you will develop, present, and defend the gas and electric load forecasts for our US service territory using econometric methods. You will support internal stakeholders including Supply, Engineering, Regulatory, Strategy, Finance and others. You will assist in the presentation and defense of the forecasts to regulatory bodies in MA, RI, and NY. You will ensure the forecasts incorporate new distributed energy resources, technologies, and policies.
Key Accountabilities

Development of gas and electric load forecast using econometric methods. Perform additional analysis relating to the forecast as necessary.
Ensure the forecasts properly account for distributed energy resources and new technologies and policies (e.g. energy efficiency, demand response, electric vehicles, PV, storage, electrification of heat, etc.).
Update forecast processes and documentation to ensure they are efficient, reviewable, and reliable.
Document, distribute, present, and defend the forecasts, both internally and externally.
Provide expert testimony before regulators and defend the gas/electric forecasts. Respond to data request from regulatory bodies for rate cases and other proceedings.
Collaborate with internal stakeholders (including supply, engineering, regulatory, strategy) regarding forecast methodology and analysis and ensure our deliverables meet their needs.
Stay current in all policies, regulatory requirements, market trends, and industry standards regarding customer energy use and technologies and programs impacting that use, such as energy efficiency and demand response.
Qualifications

Bachelors (Masters or PhD preferred) in statistics, economics, engineering, or related field.
Demonstrated experience with econometric or statistical forecasting or modelling required. Experience in energy load forecasting preferred.
Experience with policy or forecasting distributed resources (e.g. energy efficiency, demand response, electric vehiclels, PV, storage, electrification of heat, etc.) preferred.
Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to testify before regulators and respond to regulatory data requests. Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Expertise in statistical programming software such as R, SAS, Python required. Advanced SQL skills preferred.
Advanced Excel skills required.
Power BI/Tableau skills preferred.
Relevant energy industry experience in a regulated setting preferred.
Highly motivated with the ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
More Information

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills. Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.",3.6,"National Grid USA
3.6","Waltham, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1990,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
93,Data Analyst - Customer Marketing,$69k-$119k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Analyst will primarily support Marketing and Merchandising by helping to uncover insights and drive business decisions through data analytics.

Major responsibilities of the position are listed below. To perform the job successfully, an individual must be able to execute each duty at a minimum at a satisfactory-level. Other duties, assignments and specific projects may be assigned at the discretion of management. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Accurately gather business requirements for analytics projects and solutions

Comprehend the business questions, identify the appropriate data, gather, analyze, and present findings

Demonstrate an understanding of database design and query optimization

Compile/merge data from many sources

Build dashboards in Tableau and pivot tables in Excel

Coordinate with Marketing and Merchandising to support their initiatives and make data-driven decisions

Develop metrics for segment-based customer marketing and personalization

Identify ways to deliver more insights to the business, at a faster pace

Demonstrate a strong understanding of statistics as well as digital data

Apply statistics and machine learning to business decision making

Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering or other quantitative fields preferred

Strong mathematical and statistical knowledge to resolve business problems required

Experience writing code using SQL and SAS required

Must have intermediate + Excel and PowerPoint skills

Ability to read, analyze and interpret both marketing and financial reports

3-5 years' experience in an analytics-role required

Retail/ecommerce experience preferred

Ability to work flexible shifts and days of the week including holidays

INDCH",3.4,"Harry & David
3.4","Medford, OR",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1934,Company - Public,Food & Beverage Stores,Retail,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
94,Data Integration & Reporting Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Credible Behavioral Health Software is a leading Behavioral Health Enterprise Software company based in Rockville, MD and providing an Electronic Health Record (EHR) to the growing US Behavioral Health market. With several years of double-digit growth, Credible is expanding our team in our Rockville, MD office and nationally. Credible’s Mission is paramount and central to our success: Improving the quality of care and lives in behavioral health for clients, families and providers. If you are interested in combining a mission driven position with a fast paced, results oriented culture, please apply today.

Credible is looking for qualified candidates with experience delivering high quality reporting and data integration products to Partners. The Data Analyst will have the responsibility of converting business requirements into technical specifications and ensuring that all configuration, software, and data needs are met to deliver high quality reporting and data integration projects on time. This position is under the leadership of the Senior Manager of Data Integration and Analytics.

Join the Credible Team!

Overall Responsibility for the Data Analyst:
Converting business requirements into technical specification for data integration and reports
Establishing and maintaining professional relationships with various stakeholders (e.g., Partners, technical resources, state officials, etc.)
Configuring the front-end and data-related back-end of Credible interfaces for Partners
Working with software developers and partners to troubleshoot issues
Developing application and data workflow diagrams
Communicating priorities and status to internal stakeholders
Interacting with our partners to understand requirements and issues
Working with technical team to help clarify requirements and ensure that product delivery adheres to requirements
Working with QA on test plans and test cases
Delivering quality work while operating as a team player while valuing Credible’s mission and culture.
Identifying areas for improvement in team processes and contributing to solutions
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience.
Industry knowledge of the healthcare space, especially behavioral health
2+ years working knowledge and experience with data, databases, reporting, or similar
1+ years of experience with industry standard codes and file formats like HL7, ADT, CDA, CCD, CCR, LOINC, SNOMED, ICD 9/10, etc
Agile and Scrum methodology experience
Candidate must have excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills including the ability to work with both internal and external customers
Excellent organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple projects and timelines with minimal supervision
Someone who can drive processes independently
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Knowledge and understanding of Healthcare Informatics
Must be authorized to work lawfully in the United States
Credible will not sponsor any applicants for any type of work visa
The following skills and experience are a plus:
SQL & SSRS experience
Business Intelligence software experience
Data integration with HIEs
Credible is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.",4.0,"Credible Behavioral Health, Inc.
4.0","Rockville, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
95,IT Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"An IT Data Analyst is responsible for working as part of a team to create, enhance and maintain custom reports that are relied upon to effectively and efficiently run the business. An IT Data Analyst is also heavily involved in the ETL process by helping to identify source systems for required data and assisting in the building of data cleansing procedures.

Develop custom reports to address business needs
Conduct exploratory meetings with business partners to generate ideas on how data and reporting can be used drive operational efficiencies, as well as new business opportunities
Participate in all aspects of Scrum, including but not limited to daily stand-ups, estimation meetings, demos and retrospectives
Work with vendors and the internal software development team to retrieve and manage required data
Design tables in the data warehouse in such a way that enables drilldown reporting
Create and update stored procedures that are part of the ETL process
Assist in the automation of manual data analytic efforts

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Degree in Data Analytics or equivalent experience
2+ years creating reports in a BI tool
At least 1 year of professional experience writing queries in SQL/T-SQL
At least 1 year of professional experience working in a relational database
PowerBI experience a plus
Strong analytical skills
Detail oriented with the ability to multitask
Self-motivated individual with excellent written and verbal communication skills
A willingness to work both independently and in a team-oriented environment
This employer participates in E-Verify. If hired, the employer will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.",4.1,"Union Home Mortgage
4.1","Strongsville, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
96,Data Science Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Science Support Analyst to support a client’s requirements in a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The position is for the Pathfinder contract. This Analyst will be responsible for constructing scripts and configuration controls to facilitate analysts performing repeatable complex database queries in multiple databases. This Analyst will be responsible for creating automated-scripting to assist analysts with data discovery. The Analyst will be required to work both independently and collaboratively with teams to create solutions in support of the customer.

Requirements:

• 3 to 10 years of experience is required

BA/BS degree is required. However, 6 years of work experience may be substituted

for a Bachelor's degree

Knowledge of IC mission, organizations, policies, procedures, and requirements

• Experience in IC related data science research and analysis

Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Skill and experience in programming, statistics, and/or data architecture
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Experience constructing and performing complex database search queries across multiple databases
TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance is required

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Development

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
97,Data and Policy Analyst - Statistical Programmer,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

At Acumen, LLC / The SPHERE Institute, Data and Policy Analysts provide analytical support for research and consulting projects for government and private clients, primarily in the area of health policy. This position is responsible for managing and analyzing data, researching and interpreting policy, and communicating findings to multiple audiences.

Data and Policy Analysts perform a wide array of functions as part of the research process. Those applicants interested in focusing on statistical programming help create and report descriptive statistic, conduct econometric and statistical analyses of data using statistical software such as SAS and STATA, interpret study specifications, research findings, and quantitative analyses for relevant audiences, develop research files from large confidential datasets, and perform other duties as assigned.

Required Skills

As we review your materials, we are looking for candidates who best exemplify the following qualifications:

Qualifications Required:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative, public policy, or related field or equivalent relevant experience
Good quantitative analytical skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Good organizational skills and strong attention to detail
Familiar with one or more of the following technical competencies: statistics, programming, policy writing, research methods documentation, or project management
Able to demonstrate initiative, critical thinking, and problem-solving
Able to work in a team-oriented environment
Able to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated aptitude and enthusiasm for learning
Qualifications Desired:
Demonstrated interest in health and social policy
Master's degree in a quantitative, public policy, or related field or equivalent relevant experience
Any application without a cover letter will not be considered. Transcripts and coding samples are not required, however highly preferred and may be requested. We ask that you submit an application for only one office location. We are excited to review your application and look forward to seeing how you may best contribute to our work.

Job Location

Burlingame, California, United States

Position Type

Full-Time/Regular",3.4,"Acumen
3.4","Burlingame, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
98,Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Please do not apply through Indeed.*
The only way you will be considered is if you follow the link at the bottom of the page and take a very short quiz.*
What are we looking for?*
We are looking for a technically savvy database-oriented Analyst with *good people skills* and the ability to pick up new business concepts and technologies.
The ideal candidate will possess: *
At least 4 years of experience.
A strong to very strong working knowledge of SQL and Python.
An ability to write and troubleshoot complex SQL procedures.
The desire to understand business events through data.
An understanding of Data Warehousing and ETL techniques.
High level understanding in at least one scripting language such as Ruby, Shell, Python.
An interest in learning large data set processing with MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig/etc.
Linux skills are a plus.
Good client relations skills strongly preferred.
Who are we?*
Raybeam, Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, Disney, One Kings Lane, Beachbody and Hilton Worldwide.
What do we do?*
We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients.
What do you get from working for Raybeam?*
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz.*
http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign\_in

Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship and we will only consider local candidates.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to COVID, all employees are currently working remotely. When it is safe to do so, we will return to the office.

Experience:
analyst: 4 years (Required)
Location:
Newburyport, MA 01950 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.raybeam.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/RaybeamInc/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.7,"Raybeam, Inc.
4.7","Newburyport, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
99,Construction Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


At Cumming, you will work on some of the world's most exciting projects in a dynamic environment where your success is measured by the impact you make. We are one of the fastest-growing project and cost management consultancies in the United States, as reflected in our top 20 rankings in both ENR and Building Design + Construction. With over 30 offices globally, an extremely diverse project portfolio, and double-digit year-over-year revenue growth, the opportunities to make your mark are limitless!

We are seeking a Construction Data Analyst to act as the day-to-day interface with the client to help drive a data-driven culture of informed decision making. You have a chance to be a key player in our technological future, as part of a team of innovative professionals shaping our built environment.

The Construction Data Analyst responsible for gathering and storing data, visualization, analytics and dashboard reporting development.

The ideal candidate is a data visualization expert, preferably within the construction industry, and with experience managing data, working with end users, creating analytics and dashboard development.

Responsibilities
Develop and maintain databases and reporting tools to store and display cost, schedule, and other construction data
Work with stakeholders to create, revise, and launch dashboards and other data efforts
Respond to and manage requests for data solutions and visuals from client and Cumming team
Develop and present high-level metrics in a simple, accessible way
Be proactive in offering data solutions to inefficiencies
Develop a suite of reporting tools in Tableau/PowerBI with a consistent look and feel
Create processes, capture best practice, and help create a data-driven culture
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in business, economics, data analytics, finance or related field of study
3+ years' experience in data analysis and visualization
Experience tidying and wrangling complex, ugly datasets
Experience being able to stand behind their work and present a coherent story with data
Knowledge of data solutions lifecycle - from concept to maintenance planning
Understanding of basic design principles for effective visuals
Basic understanding of preconstruction, design, and post-contract construction processes
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
Ability to independently research and generate data solutions
Ability to work cross-functional teams with other teams to achieve objectives
Advanced knowledge of Tableau and PowerBI
Advanced Excel/Google Sheets skills
Working knowledge of SQL to interrogate datasets
Any programming/ coding experience - Python, R, D3.js, etc. is a plus
Have more questions? Chat with a recruiter on our careers website! It takes five minutes to apply to this job and we will provide feedback within five business days.

#LI-EG1

CUMMING is an equal opportunity employer, fully committed to attracting, retaining, developing, and promoting the most qualified team members without regard to race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, age, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic, including physical or mental disability, to the extent protected by applicable federal, state or local law.",4.1,"Cumming
4.1","Portland, OR",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
100,Clinical Data Analyst (RN) - MCS Research & Development - INTEGRIS,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst - MCS Research & Development - INTEGRIS

Don't miss out on this fantastic opportunity to take yournursing career in a new, exciting direction. INTEGRIS is look for a RN thatwould love to explore the Data field with in our Nazih Zuhdi Transplant Institute.Learn how to use your clinical experience to better understand data that isused to make business decisions, while working a M – F business schedule.

Job Code: 1729

Position Summary:

This position is responsible for the design, implementation, maintenance, integrity and data quality of the Nazih Zuhdi Transplant Institute (NZTI) in support of strict reporting requirements. This includes ongoing analysis of health care information, obtained from a variety of sources, including patient care, financial, and demographic data. It involves development and preparation of information products for transplant leadership, physicians and staff, including the assembly of documentation required for submission to regulatory agencies. It requires the ability to analyze health care data from conceptualization through presentation of the data. It requires proficiency with analytical tools (SAS, Excel), knowledge of data analysis methodology, use of presentation software, strong communication skills and a strong commitment to and affinity for delivering the highest level of customer service.

INTEGRIS Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.

Essential Functions:

The Data Analyst responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
Develop programs, methodologies, and files for analyzing and presenting data.
Works with customers to develop and understand product specifications.
Develops methodologies for collecting, analyzing, and presenting data products.
Delivers data products in report/presentation format, or verbally, to customer specifications and timelines.
Perform complex data analysis in support of ad-hoc and standing customer requests.
Develop information from a variety of data sources evaluates data.
Accountability:

Reports to the Director of Research Administration and NZTI Quality.

Required Physical Demands (Subject to Reasonable Accommodation):

Keyboarding/Dexterity: Frequently; activity exists from 1/3 to 2/3 of the time
Standing/Walking: Occasionally; activity exists up to 1/3 of the time
Strength (Lift/Carry/Push/Pull): Sedentary (exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally)
Talking (Must be able to effectively communicate verbally): Yes
Seeing: Yes
Hearing: Yes
Color Acuity (Must be able to distinguish and identify colors): No

This position may have additional or varied physical demand and/or respiratory fit test requirements. Please consult the Physical Demands Project SharePoint site or contact Risk Management/Employee Health for additional information.

Environmental Conditions:

Normal office environment.

All applicants will receive consideration regardless of membership in any protected status as defined by applicable state or federal law, including protected veteran or disability status.

Qualifications:
Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience or an Associate degree with 4 years of experience specifically involving data analysis, quality assurance, and support.
Masters degree in relevant discipline may substitute for experience.
Healthcare experience preferred.
Training and experience with Microsoft Excel, Access, Word and PowerPoint, Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services, and SAS preferred.
Must be able to communicate effectively in English (Verbal/Written).",2.8,"Integris Health
2.8","Langston, OK",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1983,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
101,Data Management Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

HD Supply (NASDAQ:HDS) ( www.hdsupply.com ) is one of the largest industrial distributors in North America. The company provides a broad range of products and value-add services to approximately 500,000 customers with leadership positions in maintenance, repair and operations and specialty construction sectors. Through approximately 260 locations across 36 states and six Canadian provinces, the company's approximately 11,000 associates provide localized, customer-driven services including jobsite delivery, will call or direct-ship options, diversified logistics and innovative solutions that contribute to its customers' success. With an active commitment to the communities in which we operate, HD Supply associates are part of a thriving organization that supports the virtues of wellness, diversity and inclusion all of which are top priorities for the company. Equally as important is empowering our associates to grow professionally while providing competitive benefits and compensation. If youre ready to find a rewarding career and achieve your full potential with a growing industry leader, HD Supply is ready for you!

Job Description & Qualifications

Job Summary

Responsible for gathering disparate data files from various sources. Analyze and normalize to ensure quality and process for upload into the master data management or other related software. Provide guidance and analysis on processed data that empower Purchasing, Sales, Sourcing, and Pricing teams to attain objectives.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities and Key Accountabilities
Inputs and analyzes data received from external sources to ensure accurate and validated data is available for associates in decision making and customer service.
Serves as individual contributor on a data team that could include responsibility for, but not limited to: product file maintenance; cost matrix maintenance; price matrix maintenance; employee and organizational hierarchy; vendor file maintenance; and /or customer file maintenance.
Assesses work processes to identify opportunities to automate, minimize error and maximize productivity. Develops tools to monitor for compliance to standards.
Works with the team to determine root cause for discrepancies, correct processes and implement change.
Nature and Scope
Demonstrates skill in data analysis techniques by resolving missing/incomplete information and inconsistencies/anomalies in more complex research/data.
Nature of work requires increasing independence; receives guidance only on unusual, complex problems or issues. Work review typically involves periodic review of output by a supervisor and/or direct customers of the process.
May provide general guidance/direction to or train junior level support or professional personnel.
Work Environment
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
No travel required.
Education and Experience
Typically requires BS/BA in a related discipline. Generally 2-5 years of experience in a related field OR MS/MA and generally 2-4 years of experience in a related field. Certification is required in some areas.
Preferred Qualifications & Job Specific Details

Preferred Qualifications
Responsible for building in new products and managing the new product build in (NPBI) processes and tools.
Experience with Microsoft Excel and having a history of Data Management expertise
Analyze and normalize to ensure quality and process for upload into the master data management or other related software.
Provide guidance and analysis on processed data that empower Category Management, Purchasing, Sales, Sourcing, and Pricing teams to attain objectives.
Uphold Data standards and product attribute maintenance in the ERP and Product Information Management tool workspace.
Serves as individual contributor on a data team that could include responsibility for, but not limited to: product lifecycle maintenance (new product and existing products); customer file maintenance; supplier file maintenance
Excellent communication skills with attention to detail.
PRID

PRID163

Job Locations US-GA-Atlanta

Posted Date 1 week ago (9/23/2020 10:10 AM)

Job ID 2020-39672

Business Unit Construction Industrial WC

Functional Area Information Technology

Remote Position? No

Position Type Full-Time

Posting Location : Postal Code 30339

HD Supply is an Equal Opportunity Minority/Female/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veteran and Affirmative Action Employer. HD Supply considers for employment and hires qualified candidates without regard to age, race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, protected veteran or disability status or any factor prohibited by law.",2.8,"HD Supply
2.8","Atlanta, GA",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
102,Optical Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Introduction


ASML US, including its affiliates and subsidiaries, bring together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler, Arizona, San Jose and San Diego, California, Wilton, Connecticut, and Hillsboro, Oregon.

Job Mission


ASML is seeking an experienced data analysis engineer with expertise in processing of images for metrology process development of ultra-high precision flat optics and ceramics. This person will join the Advanced development center in Wilton, Connecticut - A Research and development team focused on proto-typing of next generation wafer/reticle clamping systems. The main job function is to understand the existing coatingand etching systems and process, to extend / improve capability and to solve challenging engineering problems associated with achieving nanometer scale precision.

This position may require access to controlled technology, as defined in the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. § 730, et seq.). Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to access such controlled technology prior to beginning work. Business demands may require the Company to proceed with candidates who are immediately eligible to access controlled technology.

Job Description


The main focus of this position will be:
Develop / improve image processing algorithm to extract nm flatness, roughness, morphology and chemicalinformation from scientificimaging equipment like interferometer, SEM, AFM.
Integrate algorithm from developers in to image processingsoftware package for analysis and process development cycles for engineering and manufacturing users.
Maintain Version controlled software package for multiple product generations.
Perform software testing to identify application, algorithmand software bugs.
Validate/ verify / regression test software to ensure it meets the business and technical requirements.
Developed machine learning model to predict trends and behaviors relating to lifetime and cycle time improvement of the product.
Develop & execute roadmap of analysis, software, and systems, to mitigate product & process risk and prevent software performance issues.
Lead the design team in software analysis tool development to find solutions to difficult technical problems in an efficient manner.
Develop/ maintain /improvedatabase structures and capabilities.
Write Matlab scripts to search analyze and plot data from Database.
Support query code to interrogate data for manufacturing and engineering needs.
Support image analysis on data and derive conclusions.
Some travel ( ~ 10%) to Europe, Asia, and within the US can be expected.
Education


Minimum: Bachelor degree in Computer Science / electrical engineer / optical engineering with minimum of 4 years’ experience in developing signal processing & image processing algorithm and software or equivalent experience.

Preferred: Master's degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 2 years of related experience; or PhD degree in similar disciplines.

Experience
Experienced in software like: MATLAB, Python, C/C++.
Experienced in scientificimage/signal /data process algorithm, statistics and software development.
Theoretical expertise in to image/signal /data processing, Transfer Function Convolution, filtering and data fitting techniques.
Clear understanding in: optical measurement techniques like interferometry, scatterometry, optical sensor, Imagingsystems, etc.
Familiarity with Software Configuration Management.
Personal skills
Have strong written and oral communicative skills and a commitment to achieving results on time.
Demonstrated “team player” with a quality orientation and interpersonal skills.
Be able to interface with multidisciplinary groups and work effectively in a team and be willing to take on responsibility, follow through and keep multiple simultaneous assignments on schedule.
Be able to quickly acquire technical knowledge from documentation and on-the-job training and be capable of thoroughly investigating technical issues (analytically and hands-on in a lab).
Be willing to own the integrated systems performance, and support the entire product life-cycle (development through sustaining engineering), strive to deliver the right design solution for the right cost at the right time.
Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
Can learn and apply new information or skills.
Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
Strong customer focus and commitment to customer satisfaction through prioritization, quality, efficiency and professionalism.
Ability to complete assignments with attention to detail and high degree of accuracy.
Proven ability to perform effectively in a demanding environment with changing workloads and deadlines.
Result driven-demonstrate ownership and accountability.
Identifies bottlenecks and drives improvements.
Work independently or as part of a team and follow through on assignments with minimal supervision.
Demonstrate open, clear, concise and professional communication.
Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with manager, co-workers and customer.
Work according to a strict set of procedures within the provided timelines.
Other information


The Advanced development center in ASML Wilton, Connecticut is seeking is seeking an seeking a well-rounded engineer with direct experience in optical data analyst. Advanced development center in Wilton, Connecticutis an multi-disciplinary group of engineers and scientistsfocused developing on learning loop solutions, proto-typing of next generation wafer/reticle clamping systems and industrialization of proto-types that meet the system performance requirement.

Role within Office
Responsibilities:
Routinely required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch. Occasionally required to move around the campus.
Occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
May require travel dependent on business needs.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability

Internal Reference: #LI-KG1",3.6,"ASML
3.6","Wilton, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
103,Data Analyst - Data Modeling,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Tuesday, July 21, 2020

BUSINESS ANALYST (focus on etl AND DATA MODELING)

FLEETCOR is seeking an Analyst to help improve the North America Fuel business. The candidate will provide insights gained from analyzing and modeling business data to empower the business to make better more timely decisions. The position will be located in Atlanta.

The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for business build predictive models and optimize processes.

The candidate must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and improving business outcomes.

Main Responsibilities
Applies analytical and machine learning knowledge to provide insights on current and potential customers
Contribute to the development of new techniques and the improve processes/workflow
Develop and maintain custom models and algorithms to implement identified business opportunities and strategic changes; monitor and modify models regularly for best model outcomes;
Collect, transform validate, and analyze data to drive optimization and improvement of product development, pricing techniques and other business strategies
Develop processes and dynamic data dashboards to monitor and forecast business performance, alert of business risk based on underlying business & market trends
Develop various types of testing frameworks and perform test results analysis
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Communicate analysis results and recommendations to stakeholders and leaders regularly and effectively


Qualifications
Degree in analytical field.
Experience in a role involving data mining, model building or extensive project-based modeling experiences required
SQL programming skills and a solid understanding of databases
Practical experience with data processing, data mining, statistical analysis
Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills and ability to explain complex concepts succinctly and effectively
Experience in creating, visualizing and presenting data and insight using Tableau
Excellent oral and written communication skills including ability to present to and influence senior and executive management.
Highly adaptable and comfortable with ambiguity. Ability to breakdown broad objectives in to tactical goals and effectively communicate to team.
Successful candidates are creative problem solvers who have the ability to quickly grasp the business issues of a situation and develop the best solution; find creative ways to solve complex issues among demanding parties and achieve “win-win” resolutions
The ability to deal with ambiguity and adapt easily to rapidly changing business conditions is imperative


About the Company:

FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FLT) is a global leader in business payments. We simplify the way businesses manage and pay their expenses. Our portfolio of brands help companies automate, secure, digitize and control payments to, or on behalf of, their suppliers and employees. Our payment solutions cover four primary expense categories: Payables, Tolls, Fuel, and Lodging. We serve businesses, merchants and partners in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia Pacific. For more information, please visit FLEETCOR.com.

Founded in 2000 and headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, FLEETCOR generates more than $2.6 billion in revenue. We employ more than 8,000 valued associates worldwide.

FLEETCOR enjoys global recognition including:
Forbes Global Growth Champion – FLEETCOR is one of the 250 fastest growing companies in the world as determined by Forbes and Statista
Forbes World’s Most Innovative Companies – FLEETCOR has made this prestigious list of leading innovative companies 4 years in a row!
Fortune 1000 Company – FLEETCOR was one of the largest movers in the new rankings of the largest companies in America, ranking #872
S&P 500 – In 2018, FLEETCOR joined the S&P stock index comprised of the 500 leading US stocks based on market cap (company value)
FLEETCOR has a culture founded on integrity, collaboration, innovation, execution, and people. This offers each employee the opportunity to ‘thrive & grow’ through career development, volunteer, community, and wellness initiatives, which allows each individual to create a balance between professional goals and personal achievement.

FLEETCOR’s COVID-19 Hiring Guidelines:

Due to COVID-19, some of our employees are temporarily working from home. In addition, FLEETCOR implemented a virtual interviewing and hiring process, engaging with talent by phone or video and onboarding new employees remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer:
If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact your local Human Resources Business Partner and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. Requests for accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to.

For more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity and pay transparency, please click the following links: EEO and Pay Transparency.

Other details
Job Family
Analyst
Job Function
Analysts
Pay Type
Salary
Travel Required
No",3.8,"FLEETCOR
3.8","Norcross, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
104,Program Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: NACI (T1)
Requisition Type: Regular

GDIT is seeking a Program/Data Analyst (SAS) to support The Army Public Health Center (APHC).

APHC's mission is to: Enhance Army readiness by identifying and assessing current and emerging health threats, developing and communicating public health solutions, and assuring the quality and effectiveness of the Army's Public Health Enterprise.

This position is based in Aberdeen and is 100% remote until COVID-19 pandemic restrictions are lifted.

In this role, a typical day will include:

Development and review of study protocols, critical literature reviews, direct participation in data collection, and interpretation of study results.
Creating, managing, and assessing databases critical to the mission as well as providing internal/external customer service support.
Utilizing these databases to design studies, answer inquiries, and produce reports.
Using major medical information systems such as MSS DataMart or MHS Data Repository (MDR) Composite Health Care System (CHCS) or AHLTA.
Performing analytical and inferential statistics to include risk ratios, odds ratios, ANOVA, T-test, chi 2, correlation, non-parametric tests, regression and logistic regression, and survival analysis.
Fluency with computerized database management and statistical software programs, particularly SAS, SPSS and R coding and database management.
Identifying critical outcome measures, both morbidity and mortality based, for the evaluation of the effectiveness of public health programs.
Comparing outcome objectives for disease prevention and health promotion programs which will enable comparison with other applicable benchmarks.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors of Science Degree in Public Health or related field
2+ years’ experience in healthcare related field and experience
Statistical software program experience required
US Citizenship
NACI(T1) Clearable

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Master's Degree in Public Health related field
Familiarity with a variety of the field’s concepts, regulations, standards, practices and procedures, pertaining to Environmental Public Health
SAS Statistical software program experience preferred

#GDITPriority

#MilitaryHealthGDITJobs

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
105,Data Science Support Analyst (Journeyman),$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description BAE Systems is seeking to hire multiple Journeyman Data Science Support Analysts to help support counterterrorism intelligence integration on a multifaceted U.S. Government program. The Journeyman Data Science Support Analyst will leverage numerous analytic tools and databases to evaluate information that bolsters the U.S. Governments response to and prevention of potential threats to the homeland and interests abroad.

The Journeyman Data Science Support Analyst is responsible for constructing scripts and configuring controls to support analysts performing repeatable complex database queries in multiple databases. This role is responsible for creating automated-scripting to assist analysts with data discovery. Responsibilities include working independently and collaboratively to identify and implement solutions.
Required Skills and Education
Degree : BA/BS in a technical field such as mathematics, engineering, or computer science (6 years of work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree)
Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Excellent reading comprehension skills
Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables
Ability to work with IC tools and databases
Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs
Ability to work shift work/extended hours
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment
Preferred Skills and Education
Demonstrated knowledge of intelligence analysis and experience with synthesizing large amounts of data
Familiarity with analytic tools; experience with constructing and performing complex database search queries across multiple databases
Proficiency with software applications/databases used in support of research and analysis for the U.S. Government
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.",3.7,"BAE Systems USA
3.7","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
106,"Data Analyst, Governance and Quality",$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Boston Private is a leading provider of fully integrated wealth management, trust and private banking services. For more than 25 years, Boston Private has taken a highly personalized approach to serving the complex financial needs of individuals, families, business owners, private partnerships, nonprofits and community partners. Boston Private is also an active provider of financing for affordable housing, first-time homebuyers, economic development, social services, community revitalization and small businesses.

Headquartered in Boston, Boston Private has offices across the U.S. including Boston, San Francisco, San Jose, Los Angeles and South Florida. Private banking and trust services are provided through Boston Private Bank & Trust Company. Wealth management services are provided through Boston Private Wealth LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company.

Responsibilities:

As a member of the Data, Analytics and Reporting Team (DART) and reporting to the Head of Data Management, the Data Analyst – Governance and Quality will play a critical role to establish Enterprise Data Governance. Under the direction of the Head of Data Governance, this role will administer all aspects of the Data Governance (DG) process as well as serve as lead analyst for issues related to data standards and data policies. The role will also involve a component of change management for the definition, creation, and enforcement of DG processes.

This role will not only play an integral role in helping to stand up DG, but it will also play a role in shaping and evolving it. This is a great opportunity for an experienced and organized Business Analyst with data background to learn and grow along with Boston Private’s DG data function. Key stakeholders include the Data Governance Leadership Team, Data Analysts, BI Report Developers, Data Engineers, Data Stewards, and business data consumers.

Key responsibilities include:

Create and maintain BP’s Enterprise DG tools (e.g. Data Glossary, Master Report Inventory, Standards & Policies)
Collect and maintain a master list of DG required actions and their progress
Proactively gather, document data requirements and analysis including data integrity and data consistency related to DG standards
Establish DG monitoring processes and related reporting to track the organizations progress.
Work closely with DART Data and Reporting Analysts to inform data transformations, reporting and analysis.
Coordinate and prepare for Data Leadership Group, Data Steward Working Group, and Data Quality Working Group
Serve as curator for DG assets to help DART members and business stakeholders gain ready access to reference materials and tools.
Work closely with the Data Architecture team to enhance existing tools and data architecture to ensure a best in class control framework.
Leverage DART processes and tools to communicate, develop, and maintain DG assests such as documentation and analysis including Jira and steps required as part of DART’s development and launch control processes.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a similar subject required.
Master’s degree in Technology preferred, or equivalent work experience using software tools for data interrogation is a plus.
Demonstrated attention to detail and teamwork.
Exceptional written and verbal Communication skills.
Financial Services industry experience desired.

Skills & Experience

3+ years’ hands-on experience as a Business Analyst or equivalent required.
Experience producing and/or maintaining business and/or data requirements required.
Experience with SQL and demonstrated understanding of relational databases required.
Experience working on or directly supporting a data management team is desired.
Prior experience serving as part of a Data Governance organization or supporting one is a plus.",3.6,"Boston Private Bank & Trust Company
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
107,Senior Healthcare Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary*
The Senior Healthcare Data Analyst position involves programming, data mining and analysis of healthcare data with an emphasis on medical economics, clinical and financial reporting.

An inquisitive and detail oriented mind and a passion for using data and analytics to drive results

is critical to the success of this position.
Essential Functions*
Analyze medical cost and utilization trends is support of medical economics and population health initiatives supporting our ACO
Work with key business owners to establish and meet their analytic needs and the analytic needs of the organization
Execute the various outcome and predictive analytic studies that support MHN’s model of care.
Management, maintenance, and design of integration strategies regarding eligibility and empanelment including data quality, reporting and retention initiatives.
Assist with the design, development, and maintenance of the Analytic DataMart including quality checks, identifying data issues and working with partners to create solutions
Complete a variety of clinical and financial client ad hoc analyses in an efficient and timely manner.
Developing and using risk models for comparative analysis and patient stratification
Work with IT teams to operationalize analytic and reporting innovations
Conduct analysis to support Shared Savings and other key improvement programs
Develop actionable dashboards and reports to support care management and ACO operations
Competencies*
Must be analytical, detail oriented, and a problem solver
Expertise in data manipulation, analysis, and presentation
Advanced knowledge of medical claims, pharmacy, and eligibility data
Ability to work independently on multiple projects. Must have strong organization and time management skills
Experience with risk adjustment methodologies and predictive analytics
Experience developing visualizations and working with BI tools
Experience developing medical performance metrics and clinical quality measures (Physician Scorecards, HEDIS, PQRS, etc.)
Required Experience*
Minimum 4 years of professional experience in a data analytics role within healthcare (payer, provider, consulting)
4 – 10 years of experience using Base SAS, SAS/Macros, and SQL
Required Education*
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, public health, information systems, computer science, or a comparable program with a quantitative emphasis. Master’s degree preferred.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
data analytics in healthcare field: 4 years (Required)
SAS work: 4 years (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Other
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Medical Home Network,"Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
108,Principal Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Principal Data Analyst
Job Code

4018

Location


US - Carson, CA Corporate HQ

Position Type


Regular Full-Time

Apply Now

Dermalogica is looking for a talented PRINCIPAL DATA ANALYST

The Principal Data Analyst, through research and analysis of data from different functional systems, will develop data integration/aggregation solutions to support data analytics and visualization tools. The ideal candidate will partner with executive stakeholders, finance/operations/sales subject matter experts and functional leaders in creating robust and scalable data analytics solutions for business insight. The data analyst must possess a collaborative attitude, strong oral/written presentation skills, excellent problem-solving skills, and solid analytical/critical thinking skills.

Essential Duties:
Design and implement a flexible data access platform for operational data stores/islands, data warehouses, data marts and data lakes using standard practices as well as documenting the systems of record, data dictionaries and data flow diagrams for strategic data management
Using logical data models, help build data marts for analysis to determine trends and significant data relationships across different functional areas
Translate business needs into data modeling and reporting initiatives
Work with business stakeholders to interpret data to identify trends to go across future data sets
Adapt standard or develop novel applications of classification, forecasting, simulation, optimization, and summarization techniques
Create compelling interactive visualizations and presentations to enhance decision making capabilities throughout the company
Develop extracts, transforms, and loads with SQL
Drive AWS/Azure cloud data platform architectural decisions and development standards
Actively contribute towards data migration tasks from on-premises to cloud
Multi-task across several ongoing projects and daily duties of varying priorities as required
Ability to make good judgments, decisions, negotiate and drive problem resolutions
Create detailed technical specifications and release documentation for assigned ETL and reporting projects
Qualifications

Education and/or Experience:
Experience with Data Warehousing methodologies and concepts
Experience working with large data sets.
Expert knowledge of analytical tools and scripting languages
Extensive experience with BI/DW lifecycle including source data analysis, ETL, data marts, reporting, dashboards, and analytics
8+ years of experience working with MS SQL Server database. Mastery of SQL, specifically MS SQL Server 2012 and higher.
8+ years of experience developing ETL processes with large scale data warehouses required
2+ years working in DevOps, automating, and deploying packages between different environments
5+ years working in Alteryx, Power BI
Specific Skills/Knowledge:
High proficiency in dimensional modeling techniques and their applications including star schemas
Familiarity with Data Governance and Master Data Management principles
Ability to work with structured and unstructured source data
Apply now and become a team member for a company that provides competitive salaries, outstanding benefits including Health Benefits, Monthly Product Allowances, Profit Sharing, Annual Fitness Reimbursement, Domestic Partner Benefits, 401(k) Matching, not to mention a host of other perks!

To be considered for this role, please click on ""Apply Now"" to complete the online application. Please know that all applications are reviewed for consideration. A member of the Human Resources team will contact you if your experience and skills are a match for the position.

Dermalogica is an equal opportunity employer that embraces diversity.",3.9,"Dermalogica
3.9","Carson, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1986,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
109,Diversity Summer Data Analyst Program,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Diversity Summer Data Analyst Program

GID Investment Advisers LLC | Boston, MA | Summer 2021

This 10-week paid internship program is an outstanding opportunity for undergraduate students to learn about real estate, asset management, and general business. We are seeking high-achieving, underrepresented candidates, including female, Black, Hispanic/Latino, and Native American students.

GID is a privately held and fully integrated real estate company founded in 1960 that develops, owns, and operates a premier portfolio of existing and under-development properties valued at over $17 billion. Our corporate headquarters are located in the Financial District in Boston, and we have beautiful properties in major cities around the U.S., including New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Washington, Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, and Denver, run by our property division, Windsor Communities. We own and manage 124 investment properties and employ over 900 real estate professionals. GID’s in-house team is focused on the Top 20 US markets and has demonstrated competency in research, acquisitions, due diligence, development, lease-up, management, renovation, financing, technology, operations, portfolio management, asset management and dispositions.

GID is offering a premier paid summer internship opportunity in our Asset Management Group in Boston for students who are interested in the real estate industry. Each intern will gain meaningful work experience in a professional environment, working with one of the most preeminent real estate firms.

Duration: This full-time, 10 week paid internship begins on Monday, June 7, 2021 and ends on Friday, August 13, 2021.

Internship Highlights: Participants will be part of the Asset Management team at GID and will be assigned both a manager and a mentor. The program includes:

Orientation
Mentor and coaching program
Professional development classes covering a wide range of topics including:
Introduction to the Real Estate industry
Macro Market Dynamics
Sustainability
Market Selection – How to rank cities for investment
Impact of Technology on Real Estate
Deal Structuring
Due Diligence Process
Performance Reporting and Business Analytics
Interviewing Skills
Property Tours
Social outings in Boston, including a Red Sox game
A capstone project to be worked on throughout the 10 weeks and presented at the end of the internship to members of GID’s Executive Committee

Qualifications: The summer analyst role is for highly motivated, underrepresented candidates pursuing a college or university degree and is usually undertaken during the second or third year of study. If you have a demonstrated track record of the following, please apply below:

Interest in private equity and/or real estate
Working closely with team members on presentations and financial analysis
Performing comprehensive and in-depth analyses
Preparing presentations, proposals and other marketing materials
Strong competency in MS Office, especially in Excel and PowerPoint
Strong teamwork, communication, interpersonal and critical thinking skills
Ability to work additional hours as needed
Working knowledge of SQL. Ability to understand data structures and write code in SQL to extract information.
Basic data analytics. Ability to analyze and interpret data
Working knowledge of Business Intelligence software (Tableau, Microsoft BI)
Finance, Economics, Business, or Computer Science major

Drug testing and background checks are an employment requirement. These are required steps in the hiring process.

GID is an Equal Opportunity Employer",-1,GID Investment Advisers LLC,"Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1960,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
110,"Data Analyst, Payments",$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Build out rigorous observability and optimizations across the Stripe Payments Stack

About our Team:


Payments are the core of Stripe's business, and the groups and teams within Payments Infrastructure are broadly responsible for processing and moving these funds at a huge scale.

From the outside, a customer's credit card is charged and the merchant receives a payout to their bank account. On the inside, we have a network of teams that build infrastructure for charging the credit cards (or other payment methods, like bank transfers or Alipay), integrations with our banking partners to send transfers to our users across the globe, systems that collect Stripe's revenue, and more. Collectively, this group powers all payments products at Stripe, and we're looking for talented analysts to come help us organize and understand the data surrounding these complex processes.

You will:
Work closely with product and engineering teams to identify important questions around how to define key metrics
Conduct analyses and opportunity sizing to define addressable markets and operational opportunities for improvement
Develop compelling dashboards and automated reporting related to key performance metrics
Communicate results and influence key decision makers, including engineering, and business leaders
You'd ideally have:


3+ years experience in product analytics
Extensive experience and passion for metrics and dashboards visualizations
Highly skilled at writing SQL to query relational databases; knowledge of R or Python is a plus
Strong communication and presentation skills
Degree in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Math, Sciences, Engineering)
You should include these in your application:
A resume and LinkedIn profile
A dashboard sample
What's it like to work at Stripe?


Stripe is helping the internet fulfill its potential as a platform for economic progress by building software tools that accelerate global economic access and technological development. Stripe makes it easy to start, run and scale an internet business from anywhere in the world.

We look at Stripe as a constant work in progress and the same is true of our people; for all of us, we believe the best is yet to come. We're here to support each other in our curiosity and creativity – which we pursue through thoughtful discussion and knowledge-sharing among a diverse set of peers and colleagues.

We want to work in a company of warm, inclusive people who treat their colleagues exceptionally well. The kind of people who are committed to going out of their way to help other Stripes in the short-term and pushing them to improve over the long-term (by helping them to get better at what they do).

We're a highly cross-functional organization and view that as part of the fun: we design our space to encourage as much collaboration as possible. We have long tables in the kitchen for a reason (to enable everyone to meet new people and learn from them). We also have a culture of transparency that we carry through to email communication, ensuring that Stripes all around the world have the information they need to make good local decisions.

In both our products and our people, we aim to reflect, represent and advocate for all of our users, globally. Our users transcend geography, culture and language; what we share, collectively, is a drive to create a fairer, more economically interconnected world.",4.1,"Stripe
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
111,Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview:
Age of Learning is a leading education technology innovator based in Glendale, California, with a talented team of more than 600 individuals comprised of nationally-renowned educators, curriculum experts, developers, artists, writers, designers, engineers, producers, product managers, analysts and marketing experts! Together we develop engaging, effective digital learning technology and content to help children build a strong academic foundation for lifelong success.
Our flagship product ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy® is a comprehensive online curriculum and the #1 digital learning product for young children. To-date, more than 30 million children worldwide have completed over 7 billion Learning Activities on ABCmouse. We recently launched Adventure Academy, the first massively multiplayer online (MMO) game designed specifically to help elementary- and middle-school-aged children learn. It features thousands of engaging Learning Activities—including minigames, books, original animated and live action series, and more—in a fun and safe virtual world. Other Age of Learning programs include immersive English language learning products for children in China and Japan; ReadingIQ, a digital library and literacy platform; and a groundbreaking personalized, adaptive digital learning system that individualizes math instruction for every child through AI-driven technology.

We are committed to helping all children succeed. We provide our educational programs at no cost to teachers, Head Start programs, public libraries, and other community organizations, and have served millions of children through these initiatives. We recently established the Age of Learning Foundation to expand this work globally.
As we expand our global reach and increase the educational impact of our programs, we’re looking for passionate, ambitious, and collaborative leaders to become a part of our growing team.


Summary:
We are seeking a strong, highly-motivated, results-oriented Data Analyst to help conduct in-depth analyses and derive relevant insights. You will be an integral part of a newly-formed central analytics team and your work will influence business operations and strategy throughout the company.
Responsibilities:
Partner closely with stakeholders from a variety of teams, including the executive team, curriculum, brand marketing, partnerships, strategy and customer success, to surface insights and learnings that solve key business challenges
Create, report and interpret key metrics to assess performance, measure the impact of strategic initiatives, and identify ways to grow revenue and reduce costs
Support A/B and multivariate testing of user behavior to inform media tactics, audience acquisition and targeting, churn, lifetime value, product and content recommendations and personalized experiences
Create beautiful and informative automated/real-time dashboards and visualizations
Identify actionable insights that positively affect both company revenue and learning outcomes for children
Drive data capture and data integrity requirements while partnering with other teams so that the right data is captured
Maintain vigilant eye on data quality
Communicate results to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Required Qualifications:
At least 2 years in an analytical/product focused role, preferably from a digital environment
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field; or two to four years related experience and/or training
Must be able to understand and analyze data, synthesizing large volumes of data and complex questions into clear analyses and actionable findings.
Strong analytical reporting skills and visualization skills
Knowledge of statistic, including hypothesis testing, distributions and correlation and regression analysis
Proficient in SQL and at least one visualization tool, preferably Tableau
Collaborative problem-solving skills with an entrepreneurial attitude and results-oriented mind set
Ability to identify edge cases and solve practical problems
Hard-working, curious, motivated team-payer who is passionate about data
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with testing and optimization a plus, ideally in a digital environment
Experience in games or education a plus
We Provide:
Medical, Dental, Vision + 401k
Highly competitive PTO policy
Casual Dress Code
Snacks + Drinks (Coca Cola Freestyle Machine)
Gaming room including an Arcade (2,000+ games)
Frequent team and company outings
Limitless opportunities for professional growth!",3.2,"Age of Learning
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,K-12 Education,Education,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
112,Intern - Data Analyst or Business Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst or Business
Analyst Intern
2021 Paid Summer Intern

Zions
Bancorporation’s Enterprise Technology and Operations (ETO) team is transforming
what it means to work for a financial institution. We operate in a fast-paced,
information-driven environment, which means we need people who bring diverse
experiences, perspectives, and expertise to meet the ever-changing demands of a
technology-driven world. We are grounded in the belief that “improving the work
is the work” as we drive to create simple, easy, and fast solutions for our
customers. Your ability to adapt, learn, and innovate helps increase revenue,
reduce operational costs, and mitigates risk.

ETO
provides opportunities for you to own your career growth through Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion, Women in Technology, and Workforce of the Future
initiatives that allow you to network across the organization, volunteer in our
community, and build your technical and soft skills. Together we are building a
culture that values diversity and creates a space of belonging for all our team
members. We believe that investing in your success is an investment in our
customers and our business. Our people are what sets us apart and make us
great.

Members of the FutureCore team
are building the next generation of banking technology at Zions Bancorporation.
By joining our team, you can make a difference in the lives of our customers
and help us develop innovative banking solutions for them.

We are currently seeking a
highly-motivated Data Analyst or Business Analyst Intern to join our team. In
this exciting role, you will work with a team of dedicated individuals
committed to deliver results and support program objectives. You’ll also have
opportunities to collaborate with others to develop creative solutions for
challenges.

You will be an excellent fit
for this position if you have the desire, skills, and experience to:
Review,
analyze, and evaluate functional aspects and data requirements of an
application or system to develop solutions for system interfaces.
Actively
participate in requirements, design, development, and quality assurance (QA)
processes of the project.
Perform
data analysis and research activities.
Assist
in producing project documentation and specifications.
Identify
opportunities for process automation and implement solutions.
Track
project performance against key performance metrics
Create
and distribute status reports and other project communications.
Qualifications:

Must
be working toward Bachelor's (taking upper division courses) or Masters degree
in Information Systems, Data Analytics or other related field.
Strong
analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills.
Well-developed
communication skills (both written and verbal).
Ability
to work and contribute in a collaborative team environment.
Strong
interpersonal skills and the ability to work with management, peers, and
technical staff.
Adapts
well to change and is comfortable with the dynamics of a fast-paced environment
Ability
to take initiative and ownership to see assignments and projects through to completion
High-level
of proficiency using Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio and SQL.
Experience
using scripted languages to develop automated solutions is desired
Analysis
skills to use data to make recommendations",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","West Valley City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
113,HCM Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Any qualified individual with a disability who is having difficulty in completing an application because of incompatible technology or other disability-related application issues may contact us at the following phone number for assistance: 251-445-1932.

Austal shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Austal’s commitment to equal employment opportunity applies at all levels of employment, in all job titles, including the executive level, and to all employment actions, including but not limited to decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, training, and promotion.

REPORTS TO: HCM Coordinator

SUPERVISES: N/A

AUTHORITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

The HCM data analyst plays a crucial role in collecting, structuring, analyzing, and reporting on HR processes and data. Supports business with key HR insights reporting (manning levels, hires; retention, turnover), talent metrics (promotion reporting; learning and development tracking; performance management insights), benefits reporting (billing invoices, participation census) as well as ad hoc reporting and data analysis as needed.

Job Description

Utilizes Workday systems and analytical tools to develop, analyze and interpret HR workforce data.
Partners with stakeholders across business units to build and implement reporting and analytic solutions that provide leaders with information necessary to achieve business goals and objectives.
Develop and maintain standardized dashboards and other related metrics reports for organization-wide and HR department evaluation.
Maintains common HR data repository
Monitors effectiveness of reporting and analytics products to ensure optimal value to the business, modifying or operationalizing new metrics and dashboard products as needed.
Creates scheduled reports and respond to ad-hoc queries from senior management and other areas of the company.
Leverages data extraction tools and approaches to perform complex data analysis and formulate new meaningful insights.
Reviews new reporting requests to be sure the request is consistent with HR systems and data strategies.
Creates, maintains, and ensures quality assurance of human resources data sets, reports, and metrics.
Recommends process and system improvements, follow up on recommendations.
Assist in the identification of data integrity problems and recommend solutions.
Other special projects, as needed.
Other duties as assigned;

QUALIFICATIONS / KNOWLEDGE / EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
3-5 Business Analyst experience documenting Business Requirements and conducting data analysis.
Workday experience preferred in one or more modules: HCM, Benefits, Talent/Performance, Security, or Advanced Compensation.
Strong written and verbal communication skills to effectively communicate processes and procedures with managers and employees.
Highly developed ability to provide clear, concise verbal and written explanations for complex concepts so that others see the value add in recommendations and solutions.
Strong computer proficiency and technical aptitude to utilize MSOffice. Expert-level proficiency in Microsoft Excel (PowerPoint a plus).
Strong process orientation, analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent service orientation skill set, ability to build strong relationships with fellow HR team members.
Must work with a sense of urgency and have the ability to handle confidential information in a professional manner. Can handle demands from multiple customers and has the ability to prioritize.
Ability to work collaboratively with multiple teams/organizations with attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
Flexible and has the capability to deliver results in a fast-paced, and high volume environment.

TOOLS: Not applicable

DIRECTION EXERCISED: Works within established guidelines. Works autonomously and escalates issues to HCM Coordinator as appropriate.

DISCRETION EXERCISED: A degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.

LIAISES WITH:

Employees, Department Managers, HR / Benefit Staff, Finance staff and external consultants as assigned.

ADDITIONAL GUIDELINES:

The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance may be required if deemed necessary in the scope of your position responsibilities.
Candidates must meet the following employment eligibility guidelines to be eligible for employment with Austal USA:
18 years or older at time of application
Able to provide proof of US Person status (permanent resident or citizen)
No felony convictions of theft/deception or violent crimes within seven years from disposition date
No felony convictions of drug crimes within three years from disposition date
Willing to submit to a drug screen
Willing to submit to a background check",3.2,"Austal USA
3.2","Mobile, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
114,Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Role: Data Analyst
Location: Tempe, AZ
Duration: 6+ Months

Job Description:

A driven, experienced data analyst to join the Vendor Managed Inventory team who has a passion for solving problems with data, an eye for process improvement, and the skill to execute changes.
You'll be a great fit if you have the grit to persevere through challenging or ambiguous problems, love a chance to step away from your desk to understand and improve processes, and get excited about translating data into action.

Â
Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports to solve operational problems.
Be responsible for extracting, cleansing, and visualizing large data sets using the tools and techniques described above.
Plan and lead execution of identified process improvements and cross functional initiatives.
Proactively monitor existing reporting, identify areas of concern, and perform any additional analysis needed to understand underlying causes or nuances.
Deliver insights on urgent business challenges by performing ad hoc analysis and crafting accurate, easy to understand findings.
Forecast future performance based on impact of process improvements and changes to the business.
Work with management team to create a prioritized list of needs for each business segment.
Use data to create models that depict trends related to growth, consumption and forecast.
Work with Project managers to outline the specific data needs for each supplier negotiations.

Qualifications/Experience:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or similar field from an accredited undergraduate institution required.
2+ years of professional experience in data, reporting, and analytics.
Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team.
Strong attention to detail.
Strong analytical skills with proficiency in Microsoft SQL Server.
Experience with visualization software; Excel, Access, Pivot Tables, V-Look Up, Tableau proficiency a big plus.
Capable of managing competing priorities.
Ability to thrive (and preference to work) in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Ability to communicate confidently to senior leadership.",4.3,"Softcom Systems
4.3","Tempe, AZ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
115,Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who we want

Teammates. Partners who listen to ideas, share thoughts and work together to move the business forward.

Strategic thinkers. People who enjoy analyzing data or trends for the purposes of planning, forecasting, advising, budgeting, reporting, or sales opportunities.

Data translators. Highly effective communicators who can transform data findings into recommendations to compose reports and executive level presentations.

Detail-oriented process improvers. Critical thinkers who naturally see opportunities to develop.

Collaborative partners. People who build and leverage cross-functional relationships to bring together ideas, information, use cases, and industry analyses to inform business strategy and decisions.

Analytical problem solvers. People who go beyond just fixing to identify root causes, evaluate optimal solutions, and recommend comprehensive upgrades to prevent future issues.

Data managers. People who enjoy compiling, organizing and consolidating large volumes of data and reports.

Business-oriented evaluators. People who effectively interpret information to demonstrate the effects of business initiatives, regulation and industry trends for sales, management and leadership teams.

What you will do

As a Data Analyst you will focus on contracts, pricing, and customer intelligence to maximize revenue and margin through contract and pricing strategy by leveraging analytic tools such as Power BI, excel, etc. You will elevate Stryker's approach to customer data by providing business intelligence solutions that supply our business leaders and sales teams with information to support and inform business strategy, identify opportunity, and inform negotiations and decisions. In addition, you will gain a deep understanding of the businesses you support and development, maintain, deploy, and scale data models and internal solutions that support the business needs. You will build strong relationships with internal customers and sales teams and provide exceptional customer service. Lastly, you'll have the opportunity to build relationships and collaborate with a robust team, deliver business focused analytics and recommendations, and enable key initiatives for HCS and our business partners.

What you need
Bachelor's degree in Computer Information Systems, Business Analytics, Data Science, Business, Accounting, Finance, or related discipline with one year of data analysis and reporting experience preferred OR Master's degree in Computer Information Systems, Business Analytics, Data Science, Business, Accounting, Finance, or related discipline.
Experience with excel and other reporting and visualization tools such as Power BI or Tableau. Basic data modeling and fundamental core database concepts.
Effective presentation, written, verbal communication skills, including the ability to explain data and findings.
Work From Home: Occasional

Travel Percentage: 10%

Stryker Corporation is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. Stryker is an EO employer - M/F/Veteran/Disability.

Stryker Corporation will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.",4.2,"stryker
4.2","Portage, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1941,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
116,Senior Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Looking for an innovative, creative, passionate, and fun company in OC? Then, let us introduce ourselves. We are MobilityWare and we make fun for a living! Our mobile games have been rocking the app store since its inception and we regularly show up in top lists for most popular games. We recently reached over 350 million downloads across our portfolio of games!

We've been voted 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018 Best Places to Work in Orange County by the Orange County Business Journal and OC Register! Headquartered in Irvine, CA., our flagship game, Solitaire, was released on the day the App Store opened in 2008. Other titles include Blackjack, FreeCell, Destination Solitaire and Spider Solitaire, to name a few. Our vision is to create the most exciting mobile games and have fun doing it.

Position Summary

As a Data Analyst, you will support the product team within depth analyses related to in-game activity, user behaviors, retention, funnel and monetization analysis, and provide insights to enhance the user experience. Your work will directly influence what features are built, prioritization of the roadmap and estimate expected return on these efforts. You'll be responsible for creating, monitoring and building dashboards, models and ad hoc analyses to support product efforts to drive user retention and in-game monetization. In addition to the product team, you will work closely with the DBAs, Marketing, and Monetization teams to create actionable insights.

Responsibilities
Create in-depth analyses, tools and dashboards to highlight the in-game behaviors that drive revenue activities and user retention
Work with our marketing and product teams to deliver insights into user performance and make recommendations that enhance the user acquisition activities
Work as a key member of the BI team to support in-game analyses including review of events captured, troubleshooting data discrepancies, and anomalies
Work closely with the monetization team on continuous forecasting of various revenue models
Stay up to date on current and upcoming innovations and capabilities in the mobile gaming space
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree (advanced preferred) in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Math, Economics or in Computer Science with Modeling/Data Science coursework
3+ Years Work Experience in gaming or mobile gaming analytics, including experience with building predictive models
Advanced SQL skills
Familiarity with relational databases, MS SQL, data transformation, data mining, and ad hoc analysis
Experience with statistical inference and advanced analytics techniques (A|B testing, ANOVA, regression, decision trees etc.)
Understanding of basic Data Engineering principles like ETL and data warehousing
Familiarity with customer data platforms (CDP) like deltaDNA, LeanPlum, TreasureData etc.
Ability to work productively with others in a highly collaborative manner
Why you should work for us:
Awesome Perks: free lunch, free snacks, free drink, free Annual Company trip
Casual workplace - yes, flip flops and shorts are pretty much an everyday thing
Growth, growth, growth - we are growing and we would love for you to join us on the ride
We also want to take care of our team so we've got profit sharing incentives, medical, dental (100% paid), vision (100% paid), Unlimited PTO/Vacation, life insurance (100% paid), and 401K
Awesome office smack dab in the middle of OC and 2 minutes off the 5 freeway
Amazing talent: We've got some heavy hitters from the industry who embody both brilliance AND humility",4.4,"MobilityWare
4.4","Irvine, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
117,Data and Policy Analyst - Writer/Coordinator,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

At Acumen, LLC / The SPHERE Institute, Data and Policy Analysts provide analytical support for research and consulting projects for government and private clients, primarily in the area of health policy. This position is responsible for managing and analyzing data, researching and interpreting policy, and communicating findings to multiple audiences.

Data and Policy Analysts perform a wide array of functions as part of the research process. Those applicants interested in focusing on writing/coordinating will help create and report descriptive statistics, conduct literature searches, independent research and summarize findings, coordinate project activities and communications among diverse groups of internal and external clients and team members, interpret study specifications, research findings and quantitative analyses for relevant audiences, prepare project reports, memos, presentations and proposals, deliver technical assistance and presenting findings to clients, and perform other duties as assigned.

Required Skills

As we review your materials, we are looking for candidates who best exemplify the following qualifications:

Qualifications Required
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative, public policy, or related field or equivalent relevant experience
Good quantitative analytical skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Good organizational skills and strong attention to detail
Familiar with one or more of the following technical competencies: statistics programming, policy writing, research methods documentation, or project management
Able to demonstrate initiative, critical thinking, and problem-solving
Able to work in a team-oriented environment
Able to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated aptitude and enthusiasm for learning
Qualifications Desired
Demonstrated interest in health and social policy
Any application without a cover letter will not be considered. Transcripts and writing samples are not required, however highly preferred and may be requested. We ask that you submit an application for only one office location. We are excited to review your application and look forward to seeing how you may best contribute to our work.

Job Location

Washington, District of Columbia, United States

Position Type

Full-Time/Regular",3.4,"Acumen
3.4","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
118,Temporary Senior Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Key Responsibilities include:

Integrate and transform data from different sources for reporting or analytical purposes
Support the design, development and automation of data pipelines to support routine BI reports and analytical workstreams
Develop and migrate data into impactful data visuals leveraging business intelligence tools
Collaborate with stakeholders such as business leaders and project managers to gather data requirements and deliver projects on time
Support ad-hoc data requests from business or senior management
Partner with the data team and Infrastructure Cloud teams to optimize data pipelines and ensure data quality
Analyze and visualize data and present business insights to business partners
Minimum Qualifications:

BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical fields.
5+ years of experience working in Business Intelligence or Data analytics within the investment and asset management industry
Very strong in SQL
Experience in Microsoft`s Azure Cloud technologies
Experience in data visualization tools such as Power BI
Proficient in Python and familiarity / experience in the following python Libraries (Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib and and/or SkLearn)
Strong communication capabilities
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in manipulating or analyzing investment management data sources (Market Metrics, DST Walletshare)
Experience developing data pipelines in Azure and familiar with cloud technologies (Data Factory, Data Bricks and Machine Learning Service etc.)
Experience in statistical modeling
Advanced knowledge of statistics assumptions and can interpret statistical analysis into business language
Experience in partnering with business owners to understand requirements, develop project timelines and deliver data sets or analysis on time",3.7,"Calamos Investments
3.7",Illinois,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
119,Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Over the coming years, biotech will fundamentally rewrite the way we live. Gene editing and cell therapy are dramatically changing how we treat cancer and other major illnesses. Biofuels and biomaterials are transforming the cars we drive, the clothes we wear, and the makeup of everyday objects. Crop science and synthetic biology are producing sustainable and ethical food. Benchling’s mission is to accelerate the research that propels us towards this reality, and magnify its impact, through modern software.

Every day, scientists around the world use Benchling’s applications, platform, & analytics in their efforts to solve humanity's most pressing problems. For these scientists, Benchling is the central technology they use to conduct their research. Our customers include pharmaceutical giants, leading biotechs, and the world's most renowned research institutes.

Benchling is building an Internal Data and Analytics team, which will be focused on establishing the necessary data infrastructure and systems to enable all of our business units to answer key questions and make strategic decisions. If you have a passion for investigating what makes a growing business tick, and if you imagine yourself exploring data from systems across an entire company to dig up answers to these questions, we want to meet you.

You will establish key metrics for many stakeholders within the company, including Product, Marketing, Sales, and Customer Success, and identify opportunities for data to guide critical strategic product and business decisions. In addition, you will be one of the first people at Benchling building the next generation of our data infrastructure, which will be used not only by the data practitioners on our team, but by the rest of the company as well.

As one of Benchling’s first data analysts, you’ll be joining a rapidly growing, world-class engineering and product team and form the foundation of our data organization. You will help to build the next generation of our data infrastructure and enable the company to answer key questions and make better decisions. Benchling is growing really quickly, and you’ll be setting the bar for high quality data and a metrics-driven culture as we scale.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Work closely with cross-functional teams across all of Benchling to develop a strategy around our data platform and to establish best practices for a metrics-driven culture.
Build dashboards / reports and empower the business to answer key questions across Sales, Marketing, Customer Success, Recruiting, Product, and Engineering.
Prioritize between multiple planned analytics projects and ad-hoc data requests for our internal stakeholders
Define and design data pipelines and data integrations to collect, clean, and store large scale, cross-functional datasets.

YOU

BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related quantitative field
3+ years experience, not counting academic experience, on data science or data analytics teams, especially on data teams focused on internal operations
Experience with querying and exploring data stored in MPPs (Redshift, Snowflake, Hive/Presto, or similar technologies)
Demonstrable fluency with SQL (primarily PostgreSQL)
Experience with a scripting language (Python, Ruby, or similar)
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker, or similar tools
Strong communicator with both words and data - you understand what it takes to go from raw data to something a human understand

OUR VALUES

Empower through information. We explain the “why” behind every decision, unless there are highly sensitive circumstances. We're honest about how we're doing, especially in difficult times. We believe that sharing information builds trust and enables better decision-making.
Rely on tenacity. Hard work is one of the greatest factors to determine success and is fully under our control. We must make the most of every day by bringing the highest level of determination. Dreaming big is not enough.
Raise the bar. Pushing ourselves and others to improve will be uncomfortable and at times result in failure. However, it's critical to our success. We're dedicated to creating a place where everyone feels challenged to improve.
Build a lever. We choose to build tools and infrastructure that will help others make world-changing innovations. There's less glory in it, but in the words of Archimedes, ""Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.""

PERKS AND BENEFITS

Work with a talented yet humble team
Competitive compensation & equity package
401k
Medical, dental, and vision insurance
Monthly health & wellness stipend
Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats
$1,000 work-from-home stipend
In following best practices and safety protocols, all Benchling employees are expected to work remotely until we are further advised that it is safe for employees to resume work in their respective office locations.
To support remote work conditions, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000 upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment.",5.0,"Benchling
5.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
120,Intern - Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

2021 Paid Summer Internship

Zions
Bancorporation’s Enterprise Technology and Operations (ETO) team is
transforming what it means to work for a financial institution. We operate in a
fast-paced, information-driven environment, which means we need people who
bring diverse experiences, perspectives, and expertise to meet the
ever-changing demands of a technology-driven world. We are grounded in the
belief that “improving the work is the work” as we drive to create simple,
easy, and fast solutions for our customers. Your ability to adapt, learn, and
innovate helps increase revenue, reduce operational costs, and mitigates risk.

ETO
provides opportunities for you to own your career growth through Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion, Women in Technology, and Workforce of the Future
initiatives that allow you to network across the organization, volunteer in our
community, and build your technical and soft skills. Together we are building a
culture that values diversity and creates a space of belonging for all our team
members. We believe that investing in your success is an investment in our
customers and our business. Our people are what sets us apart and make us
great.

Zions Technology Strategy &
Programs Division of ETO is looking for a Data
Analyst Intern.

The intern will assist technology
support functions in integrating large data sets, analyzing the data, deriving
key findings and trends, and developing reporting. Projects will range from supporting areas
like IT Risk Management to IT Services Management (Incident, Problem, Change
and Release Management).

The position will
involve using a broad set of tools to query, analyze, and summarize information
quickly. Candidates should have both an
analytical mindset and ability to graphically depict the data for providing
both historical information as well as future predictions.

The intern will have
both rotational opportunities to gain background in horizontal technology
support functions and specific project work to apply learnings. Project results will be presented with an
emphasis on covering the approach taken and findings/results.

Please include a cover letter
listing your degree and describing your skills and experience in the data
analysis space, noting relevant school projects or business applications of
your skills.
Qualifications:

Working on a Bachelor's degree or Master’s degree in
mathematics, statistics, science, accounting, finance, business, computer
science, economics, or a related field;
Enjoy analyzing and building models using large sets of
data;
Strong analytical and organizational skills;
Strong written, verbal, and presentation skills;
Strong attention to detail;
Experience creating reports and dashboards using tools
like ClickView or Tableau;
Experience with MS Excel, Word, and PowerPoint;
Experience with database management tools such as SQL
and MS Access.",3.3,"Zions Bancorporation
3.3","West Valley City, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
121,Senior HR Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you look for patterns, love investigating the root cause, and thrive in a fast-paced environment?

We are now looking for a Senior HR Data Analyst. In this role, you will partner with leaders in HR to influence business decisions by turning data into meaningful insights. As an HR Analytics team, we build, standardize, and automate reports. We create visualizations with easy to interpret analytics and uncover the key drivers in the data. We promote data integrity, and educate end users to drive self-service adoption.

What you’ll be doing:
Translate data and trends into stories to drive business decisions
Create visualizations from which leaders can easily draw insights and recommendations
Build and automate easy to use, self-service reports and dashboards
Provide direction and coaching to end users on how to use and interpret metrics
Deliver standard reports/dashboards on a regular cadence
Audit data integrity, investigate concerns, and establish processes to streamline and improve data quality
Partner cross functionally with IT to help design and build out HR analytics data warehouse
What we need to see:
Bachelor's degree in a field where you have analyzed and displayed data (i.e. computer science, math, engineering, economics, statistics, psychology) or equivalent work experience
8 years of experience performing quantitative/statistical analysis and displaying the results as meaningful insights
Experience creating custom reports/dashboards in Workday HCM/Recruiting and building visualizations in Tableau
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel
Strong initiative, curiosity, and comfort with uncertainty
Excellent presentation and communication skills, including the ability to explain technical subject matter to a non-technical audience
Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving environment and agility to alternate between strategic projects and tactical reporting/analysis requests
Ways to stand out from the crowd:
Expertise in analyzing large data sets with R or Python
Experience with machine learning or text mining
With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, we are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers.

NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.7,"NVIDIA
4.7","Santa Clara, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1993,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
122,Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Overview:

Analyzes company functions, processes, and activities to improve computer-based business applications for the most effective use of man, methods, machine and materials. Recommends alternative solutions to management as to courses of action that best meet the organization's goals

Responsibilities include but not limited to:

Gather data, analyze data, and deliver accurate reports in a timely manner
Excel guru capable of compiling data without system support.
Utilizes available computer systems resources and personnel to carry out analysis to support management's quest for performance improvement.
Reviews and analyzes information, forecasts, methods, schedules, systems, processes, and procedures.
Determines most useful business solutions for the company.
Performs duties concerned with the design and improvement of computer-based business systems.
Works closely with senior managers to identify and solve a variety of computer-based business system problems.
Analyzes requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing business systems.
Confers with personnel of organizational units involved to analyze current operational procedures and identify problems.
KPI's creation, update and development.
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques
Build analysis and reporting capabilities and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and clean data by reviewing computer reports, printouts and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Collaborate with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities

Job Qualifications:

3+ years of relevant analyst experience
Technical expertise related to data models, data design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
Microsoft Access, SQL and/or Tableau a plus.
Experience with Oracle a plus.
Microsoft Office Skills required
Organizational skills
Collaborative project management
Excellent communication skills (telephone, verbal and written)
Self-motivated
Advanced technical skills.
Excellent documentation skills
Customer focused and professionalism
Excellent multi-tasker and handles pressure well
Solid analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy

Educational Requirements:

A bachelor's degree in business or related field.

We look forward to hearing from you!",3.3,"FOX Factory, Inc.
3.3","Gainesville, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1975,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
123,Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Company

BlueLabs is a leading provider of analytics services and technology for government, business, and campaigns. Founded in 2013 by senior members of the Obama for America re-election campaign team, we help our clients optimize their engagements with individual customers, supporters and stakeholders to achieve their goals.

Today, our team counts over 40 data scientists, engineers, and strategists from diverse backgrounds who share a passion for using data to solve the world’s greatest social and analytical challenges. We’ve served more than 400 organizations ranging from political campaigns to advocacy groups, unions, government agencies, and international groups, as well as companies in the automotive, travel, consumer packaged goods, entertainment, healthcare, media, telecom, and other industries. Along the way, we’ve developed some of the most innovative tools available in analytics, media optimization, reporting, and influencer outreach.

Data Analyst

Data Analysts are instrumental members of BlueLabs Data Science and engagement teams. They gain exposure to all parts of our process, from collecting and organizing data, to analyzing trends and predicting outcomes, and working with clients to understand how these insights can be used to improve program efficiency. Data Analysts are able to work both as part of a team and independently, completing projects in a fast-paced environment, error-free, and on short deadlines. You will receive strong mentorship from senior members of the BlueLabs Data Science and Engagement teams, and also be given a chance to complete projects independently. BlueLabs Analysts have the opportunity to develop into the Data Science or Engagement tracks within BlueLabs.

What you'll do:
Analyzes data, as well as contributes to the design, implementation, and delivery of analytics products and services.
Builds predictive models, tools, and data visualizations.
Checks data and modeling results for quality and cleans, transforms, aggregates, and reports on data as needed.
Strives to support team excellence by documenting processes and evangelizing new approaches
Preferred Experience & Background
An undergraduate degree in a quantitative field or equivalent work experience.
Conceptual understanding of foundations of statistics and modeling (distributions, parameter estimation, confidence intervals and tests, etc.).
Proficient understanding of a statistical programming language such as R, Python, or Julia.
The ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience, both in writing and verbally
The ability to manipulate data with SQL.
Experience building predictive models using regression and machine learning techniques.
Knowledge of experimental design and causal inference experience with GIS.
Experience creating informative and engaging data visualizations using industry leading tools.
The ability to create user interfaces for new products using frameworks such as Shiny or Django.
This position is available in DC, NY, & LA

At BlueLabs, we celebrate, support and thrive on differences. Not only do they benefit our services, products, and community, but most importantly, they are to the benefit of our team. Qualified people of all races, ethnicities, ages, sex, genders, sexual orientations, national origins, gender identities, marital status, religions, veterans statuses, and disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. As an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer, BlueLabs is committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",4.7,"BlueLabs
4.7","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
124,Senior Data Analyst,$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. As America’s largest independent tire retailer, specializing in tires & wheels, we have over 1,000 store locations and continue to grow every year. Our consistent growth over the last 60 years, the loyalty of our customers and passion of our people makes Discount Tire a great place to work.

Even more exciting, Discount Tire is predicting, embracing and driving the changes expected in the Automotive Industry. In particular, Data and Analytics are seen as our competitive advantage. As a Senior Data Analyst, you will be central in helping our company Executives address short term and long-term opportunities to support with strategic data-oriented, actionable insights and solutions related to Discount Tire’s complex business involving large numbers of people, properties and digital assets. We sell tires and wheels from around the world to millions of customers in our stores and through our website. Unlike traditional retail, customers expect us to do more than simply sell them, tires and wheels. We service their vehicles too, making for even more interesting & complex analytics challenges. Additionally, you will collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of solution architects, engineers and data scientists on a wide range of business problems. Business groups supported include, but not limited to, store operations, real estate, and finance. In this role, you will actively be involved in shaping the company strategy.

As a Senior Data Analyst, you will collaborate with a large, multi-disciplinary team of data engineers, data analysts, and data scientists on a wide range of business problems. You will not only work on multiple projects to provide value to the customers but are also routinely involved in helping to building our internal capabilities to have an edge in the analytics industry. We work on providing solutions to a wide range of internal customers across the organization including senior executives to middle management coming from various domains including, but not limited to retail, manufacturing, store operations, automotive, real estate, or services.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed.
Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Work on advanced analytics areas like deep learning and complex statistical data analysis
Interaction with team, stakeholders and in person meetings towards making business recommendations based on data with effective presentations of findings, visual displays of quantitative information
Develop analysis, forecasting and optimization methods/models to provide business insights and solutions to key stakeholders; applies methodologies to future strategic decisions, including but not limited to store operations, finance, human capital management.
Oversees the activities of the junior data analysts
Oversees and conducts the conversion of data into insights that will lead to informed business decisions. He works directly with stakeholders and the business’s top management and executives within the assigned departments.
The Senior Data Analyst will have to handle multiple simultaneous tasks, prioritize work, and remain functional under pressure, and aggressive timelines.

Job Requirements


Experience:
The Senior Data Analyst position is an advanced data role that requires extensive experience with a minimum of 5 years of industry experience as a Business/Data Analyst with 3-5 experience in data analysis using tools such as SQL, preferably work in a fast-pace and dynamic business setting.
This individual will have had experience working in report creation, modeling and trend forecasting.
Understanding of Scripting experience in (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell); Practical knowledge of data in various forms (data warehouses/SQL, unstructured data environments/PIG, HIVE, Impala);
Strong working knowledge with BI reporting tools (i.e. Tableau, Business Objects. MicroStrategy is preferred or any other data visualization tool)
Proficient using MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint, which are all necessary for the creation of visually and verbally engaging reports, for the various assigned departmental heads, managements, and stakeholders including senior executives.
Demonstrated knowledge of data governance, data quality management concepts and data quality tools (i.e. Informatica DQ)
Understanding of Agile development methodologies, software design patterns, network design and architecture
Experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modelling.
A clear understanding of key reporting and analytics, general ledger management, and data warehousing are needed.
The role of a senior data analyst involves working with people.
Communication Skill: Excellent verbal, written and presentation communication skills. The Senior Data Analyst will need communication skills with collaborating with peers and stakeholders. Business Acumen is essential.

Analytical Skills: A candidate for this position must demonstrate a deep interest in research and data analysis, drawing actionable insights form raw data and information to help further the business’s cause. The candidate will be skilled in statistical and econometric modeling, performing quantitative analysis, and technological data mining and analysis techniques.

Interpersonal Skills: The candidate must further possess certain personal traits that make him even more suited for the role. The candidate will have an entrepreneurial mindset being willing to be accountable for the business’s performance, he will have exceptional attention to detail, have an ability to handle multiple tasks and meet tight deadlines, have creative and innovative problem solving skills, be self-motivated and proactive, and demonstrate calmness during time of uncertainty and stress.

People Skills: This is very interactive role and to effectively execute his duties he must have a natural ability to get along with people and establish strong and meaningful relationships with others. This will guarantee collaborative personnel, departmental heads/management, and key stakeholders gain trust in his abilities and that junior data analyst personnel readily follow in his/her directives and trust in his/her judgments and insights.

Specialized Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Advanced experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python) and database languages (e.g., SQL).
Advanced experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.
Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
Experience in AI / Deep Learning for text/image/video analytics preferred
Experience in Cloud Computing and data streaming preferred
SQL and relational database knowledge are required
Educational Requirements:

A Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., analytics, statistics, computer science, data science, economics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering, or other STEM fields)

Work Days:

Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary.

Apply
Not ready to",4.0,"Discount Tire
4.0","Scottsdale, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,1960,Company - Private,Automotive Parts & Accessories Stores,Retail,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
125,"Data Analyst, Wish X",$52k-$110k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Wish is a mobile e-commerce platform that flips traditional shopping on its head. We connect hundreds of millions of people with the widest selection of delightful, surprising, and—most importantly—affordable products delivered directly to their doors. Each day on Wish, millions of customers in more than 160 countries around the world discover new products. For our over 1 million merchant partners, anyone with a good idea and a mobile phone can instantly tap into a global market.

We're fueled by creating unique products and experiences that give people access to a new type of commerce, where all are welcome. If you’ve been searching for a supportive environment to chase your curiosity and use data to investigate the questions that matter most to you, this is the place.

Job Description

Wish is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to support our Wish X Team in San Francisco. The role entails driving analytics insights and enable senior leadership to make effective, analytically driven decisions, in particular area of logistics and customer support. The ideal candidate should be passionate about Wish and e-commerce, has a strong analytical and consultative mindset, deep understanding of databases and data visualization, the ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment delivering against tight deadlines, and a passion for scaling operations through automation.

What you'll be doing:
Work cross-functionally with technical team and business teams (specifically WishX)
Work on high priority & new programs to help expand Wish’s product offerings including B2B initiatives & Wish Local (brick & mortar stores partnered with Wish)
Conduct insightful analysis to gain insights that will help drive business decisions
Provide concrete recommendations to help ramp up/down new experiments
Prioritize & manage business stakeholders’ adhoc requests related to new programs
Conceptualize and build centralized tools (including pipelines) that can extract data/insights for daily business management in an automated manner
Develop dashboards and visualizations for the business stakeholders and maintain the integrity of the reports.
Investigate monetary impact on new programs and assist with ad-hoc requests
Process a large amount of data and do deep dives to understand certain trends/patterns, carry out correlation analysis to identify causes and relatedness.
Qualifications
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in an analytical field or similar.
2+ years of work experience in doing finance/business data analysis.
Proficiency in SQL or other query languages, deep experience and strengths to develop complex queries.
Development experience in at least one scripting language (Python, PHP, Perl, etc.).
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; ability to transform data into business insights and actionable recommendations.
Experience working with large data sets that are structured and partially structured.
Working knowledge of data visualization tools (Looker, Tableau etc.).
Additional Information

Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.",3.5,"Wish
3.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
126,Data Analyst - Payements,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Data Analyst - Payements
Location: Menlo Park, CA
Duration: 6 months

Summary:
This position is in the Payments Org.
The mission of the Payments org is to empower everyone to participate in the digital economy.
We are looking for a person who can dive into our payments & operations data, and clearly articulate what is working, and what can be improved.
The job is to be the ""data eyes and ears"" guiding product and operations teams.

Skills:
Good analysis skills
Proficient in SQL & Excel/Tableau, with good quantitative logic
Ability to work with multiple teams to drive real world impact
Good verbal & written communication
Ability to work in a fast paced environment
Attention to details is a must
Experience working with Payments a plus

Education: BA/BS/Masters in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field.

Required Skills:
DATA ANALYSIS
EXCEL
MICROSOFT EXCEL
DATA ANALYST

Additional Skills:
SQL
QUANTITATIVE
STATISTICS
TABLEAU
PAYMENTS

IND123",4.5,"Ursus
4.5","Menlo Park, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
127,Data Systems Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ready to make an impact? If so, read on!

Would you like to be a part of the team that brings data innovation, Machine Learning and AI enabling to GEICO? We are looking for a highly motivated Data Systems Analyst to support the Data Science Development lifecycle process and help solve complex business problems using predictive analytics/modeling approaches.

Job Responsibilities:

As a Data Systems Analyst, you will work with Machine Learning Developers, Data Modelers, and the business to:

•Conduct requirement and systems analysis, translating business requirements and performance metrics into modeling requirements and metrics
•Clearly define and document business problems by conferring with clients; evaluating procedures and processes, and assessing existing metrics
•Facilitate solution-design sessions with Machine Learning Developers, Data Scientists and business stakeholders
•Coordinate with the Machine Learning Developers and Data Scientists to document analytics solutions, approaches and results
•Communicate and coordinate effectively with clients and other stakeholders
•Support systems design, testing and deployment of predictive models into production
•Conduct data / metric analysis, assess impact of a new solution on key metrics, and analyze potential value
•Monitor performance of deployed models and develop recommendations on model refresh
•Set up metrics plans, conduct analysis of results, and report findings
•Capture data from Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and Hadoop using SQL
•Create and execute test plans to test model services
•Assist with agile process and project planning

Would you like to join our innovative team? If so, do you meet these qualifications?

Required Qualifications:

• A minimum of three years of progressive analysis/systems experience in large scale IT projects

• Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Computer Sciences, Information Technology, Engineering, Management of Information Systems, or equivalent work experience

• Ability to support multiple projects simultaneously and work in a dynamic environment

• Experience working in an Agile team and familiarity with Agile project management practices

• Experience documenting business processes, requirements, and application test plans

• Working knowledge of SQL

• Experience conducting metrics analysis and reporting

• Strong critical thinking, decision-making and problem-solving skills

Desired Qualifications:

• Demonstrated experience with SQL scripting language

• Experience with process improvement

• Foundational understanding of Statistics and analysis of A/B tests

• Experience in R or Python programming language
Note: The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Indianapolis, IN office.

#LI-AM1
#DI-AM

About GEICO

For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

As a full-time Data Systems Analyst, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including:

• Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**
• Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave
• 401(k) Plan with Profit Sharing
• Tuition Reimbursement
• Paid Training and Licensures
Benefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service.
*Coverage begins with the pay period after hire date. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply

Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Indianapolis, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
128,Data Exploitation Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

We have an exciting opportunity for a Data Exploitation Analyst to support a client’s requirements in a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The position is for the Pathfinder contract. The Data Exploitation Analyst will be responsible for improving the completeness of data in TIDE by using a variety of methodological tools and approaches to enrich terrorist identity information, including social media networking. The Analyst will require to complying with customer policies and strategies. The Analyst will use techniques, procedures, and mechanisms to reveal the true identity of individuals, personas, or groups by analyzing and exploiting data related to sets of specific identity attributes to build a comprehensive terrorist identity record.

Requirements:

• 4 to 10 years of experience is required

BA/BS degree is required. However, 6 years of work experience may be substituted

for a Bachelor's degree

Knowledge of IC mission, organizations, policies, procedures, and requirements

• Experience in IC related data science research and analysis

• Experience with data science analytic tools including data correlation technologies

• Experience with all-source intelligence sources

• TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Intelligence

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
129,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company is seeking a Data Analyst to assist senior data analysts in managing, updating, documenting and expanding capabilities of databases and tools using MS Office based products to support the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) logistics and contracting services; assist in gathering, design, creation, programming, modification, documenting processes and routine maintenance and updating of databases or other data analysis tools used for tracking, managing and analyzing procurement related data elements, KPI's, metrics and data to support continuous process improvement initiatives; provide research and analytical support for reporting and presentations required by management; interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.

Strong interpersonal skills in communication and writing is required. May be required to provide training on the databases and tools to staff. Must possess working knowledge of and experience with MS Office Applications (Microsoft Access, PowerPoint, Word, Excel, and Project), Visual Basic for Applications(VBA), supply chain processes, logistics and business to business procurement or contracting processes. Must be able to obtain a Level IT II access in the Federal Government. EEOC

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $50,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
MS Access and Excel: 3 years (Required)
federal government contracting processes: 3 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
www.palcorp.net
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"PAL Services
2.6","Richmond, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
130,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Software powers the world, and LaunchDarkly empowers all teams to deliver and control the best software. We serve hundreds of billions of feature flags daily, to help teams ship better software, faster and eliminate risk for companies big and small.

We're based in downtown Oakland and growing quickly. You'll help us tackle some of the most challenging engineering problems around, like how can we deliver feature flags to hundreds of millions of users in milliseconds without breaking the bank.

About the role:
We are looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join our team at LaunchDarkly. We are growing rapidly, and need reliable and efficient answers for questions that are key to our future. You'll help develop the data, process and insights to power our next stage of growth.

We are searching for a talented Analyst to help us understand business critical data and leverage it across the entire organization. If you are data curious, excited about digging deeply into business data, and motivated by having an impact on the whole company, we want to hear from you.
Responsibilities:
Help create a data practice for the entire company.
Help ensure a data pipeline that is trustworthy and reliable.
Work with stakeholders around the business to understand their needs.
Help stakeholders ask good questions and get valuable insights.
Help answer the business' most pressing questions in repeatable, reliable ways.
Build tools and teach people how to find answers to their own questions
Qualifications:
2 or more years of experience in a hands-on Data Analytics role
Experience conducting data intensive analysis.
A visceral need to dive into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues.
Product- and market-awareness to jump in and quickly understand LaunchDarkly's position and goals.
Expertise in SQL and proficiency in another data programming language (Python, R, etc.).
You may also know (bonus skills):
Experience in both enterprise and consumer environments.
LaunchDarkly is a Feature Management Platform that serves hundreds of billions of feature flags daily to help software teams build better software, faster. Feature flagging is an industry standard methodology of wrapping a new or risky section of code or infrastructure change with a flag. Each flag can easily be turned off independent of code deployment (aka ""dark launching""). LaunchDarkly has SDKs for all major web and mobile platforms. We are building a diverse team so that we can offer robust products and services. Our team culture is dynamic, friendly, and supportive. Our headquarters are in Oakland.

At LaunchDarkly, we believe in the power of teams. We're building a team that is humble, open, collaborative, respectful and kind. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

LaunchDarkly offers:
Full Medical, Dental & Vision insurance
Unlimited vacation
Flexible schedule & work environment
Conference & meetups as an opportunity for everyone
A yearly education stipend for conferences and classes on your own
A budget to personalize your work station",5.0,"LaunchDarkly
5.0","Oakland, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
131,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst


Job ID: FA-0100-559

Open Since: 2019-12-17

City: Redmond
State: Washington
Country: United States of America

Job Description:


Frontend Arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain a competitive advantage. We are continuously evolving how we work and how we look at business challenges, so we can continue to deliver measurable, sustainable solutions to our clients.

We are looking for a self-motivated ""Data Analyst"" with excellent communication and customer service skills.

Job Skills:
To be part of the product development team to help in different phases of the program
Skill sets- SQL queries preferably JUMP, Python
To be able to understand a large amount of data, understand the dependencies, relationship in order to drive useful insights
Should know the statistical along with product engineering/hardware background
Should be able to work in ambiguous situations
Minimum Experience: 10 Yrs

Education:

Must have a Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science or Engineering",4.5,"Frontend Arts
4.5","Redmond, WA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
132,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

PCG is searching for proven Data Analysts to define data requirements and functional specifications that will drive improved environment and analysis that align to business objectives.
Compensation: $80,000 to $120,000 Annually
Benefits Offered: Medical, Dental, Life, 401K
Employment Type: Full-Time
IDEAL CANDIDATE
3+ years’ experience in, data cleanup, report definition and development and backend database transactions
Skilled with several of the following: Access, Excel, SQL, Dynamics SL, Dynamics, Epicor, and IQMS, Oracle, MatLab, Tablean, and Queries
Solid analytical, quantitative and problem-solving skills, with the ability to use statistical analysis and modeling
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILTIES
Take data in existing access database and clean and update the data
Determine functionality of current system and business processes for both current and future state
Assess current situation of the state of the information in the access database, solidify requirements, provide a resolution, and execute solution
Take multiple opinions and guide teams to a common ground
Code reviews and feedback
Requirements definition/ documentation
Lead requirements gathering sessions using multiple techniques
Implement new technologies
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
BS or AA in computer science or equivalent related work experience
Demonstrated excellence in data manipulation and data visualization skills
Excellent communication, time management, and teamwork skills
Experience with data cleansing, data conversion and ETL initiatives
Proficient with multiple scripting languages, version-control systems
Data validation, testing, and impact analysis experience
Experience with security and related issues, solutions and technologies
Excellent system-level thinking and the ability to move up and down the stack",4.4,"Project Consulting Group
4.4","Minneapolis, MN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
133,Intern - Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join Episerver in an exciting Internship as a Data Analyst with our Product Team.

As a Data Analyst Intern, you will:
Analyzing historical win/loss data as well as identifying trends in the business
Analyzing product usage by region and customer
Developing reports for C suite
Requirements:
Interested in business
Must be pursuing a Bachelors degree with a major finance or business
Needs to know Excel with experience building pivot tables
This internship will be for 6 months long, 20-25 hours/week, remote-based USA. You will be compensated at $18.00/hour. There are no benefits offered.",4.2,"Episerver
4.2",United States,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
134,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description

What does a great Data Analyst do?

The data team is looking for a data analyst who is interested in leading the effort to promote a data-driven culture at Clover. We are looking for a problem solver who has strategically built data visualization tools and conducted in-depth analyses for an executive audience. Are you a strong self-starter who can build and lead new projects from scratch with minimal guidance, oversight, or resources? We are looking for a collaborative, team player who thrives in a fast-paced environment with quickly changing, ambiguous requirements. If you are passionate about systematically finding creative approaches to most effectively bridge the gap between data and decision makers, we want to hear from you!

In this role, you can expect to:
Serve as a bridge between decision-makers and the data needed to deliver measurable insights
Work with product, engineering, and operational teams to proactively gather requirements, develop metrics, instrument features, and deploy monitoring tools to measure product performance
Design, develop, own, and maintain ETL/ELT data flows across a constellation of data sources and systems
Use Python libraries (matplotib, seaborn) and business intelligence tools (Tableau, Sigma) to create data visualizations that enable teams to make data-driven decisions quickly and easily
Conduct in-depth analyses using statistical techniques to uncover insights into the factors that drive product performance
Lead efforts to improve data literacy and fluency within the company by contributing to data warehouse development, documentation, and training teams to become self-sufficient in data exploration and analysis
Basic qualifications for consideration:
Experience providing analytical services to executive-level partners of varying technical backgrounds
Hands-on experience building and iterating on self-serve, data visualization tools
Experience in data collection, transformation, and storage from various sources including relational databases, APIs, logs, and unstructured files
Experience in Python (or at least one scripting language) and SQL
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in a quantitative field: Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Information Systems, Engineering, Economics, or Social Sciences.
Experience implementing one or more or of the following techniques: A/B testing, regression analysis, non-parametric models, time series analysis, experimental design, survival analysis, clustering, natural language processing, or neural networks
Industry experience developing cloud-based data warehouse solutions
Experience with technologies such as Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, and Spark
About us:

Join the Fintech and SaaS revolution that is helping small businesses grow faster and get the technology and insights previously available only to the big guys. At Clover, you will be part of an entrepreneurial team working in a fast-paced and high growth environment, with the benefits of a parent company, First Data, that is the largest payments processor and merchant acquirer worldwide.

Clover delivers the leading Point of Sale system with an elegant end-to-end solution that incorporates beautiful devices, cloud-based POS software, payments processing, platform APIs for third-party developers, and an ecosystem with over 220 apps. The Clover platform delivers solutions in a scalable and modular fashion that powers tiny merchants through large football stadiums, supporting millions of transactions daily.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Learn more about Fiserv:

To support the total well-being of our associates, Fiserv takes a broad approach to our benefits. We offer a comprehensive benefits package that provides flexibility and affordability with a variety of medical, dental, vision, life insurance and disability options.

We are #FISVProud of our benefits and well-being programs. Our commitment to wellness, wellness education, preventive services and fitness activities are designed to meet you where you are.

Life moves fast. And as it does, we know most people arent thinking about financial services. But we are.

We help people and businesses move money and information every minute of every day. Our solutions connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants and consumers to one another, millions of times a day, behind the scenes, reliably and securely.

Were Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments enabling innovative financial services experiences that are in step with the way people live and work today. The companys approximately 44,000 associates proudly serve clients in more than 100 countries, so their customers, members and consumers can move money when and where they need it, at the point of thought.

Our Aspiration is to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a FORTUNE 500 company and one of FORTUNE Magazine Worlds Most Admired Companies for the seventh consecutive year, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.

We welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce. Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran

Explore the possibilities of a career with Fiserv and Find Your Forward with us.

Fiserv is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet. Visit http://www.careers.fiserv.com/eeo for more information.",3.2,"Fiserv
3.2","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
135,Junior Inventory / Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary *
Position is responsible for assisting the Inventory Manager & purchasing team by utilizing various reports and industry knowledge to analyze large sets of data in an effort to make stocking recommendations for company-owned store group as well as other warehouse locations.
General Functions*
· Present inventory analysis using a variety of databases/reports to suggest recommendations to appropriate management staff.

· Manipulate data in an effort to streamline the way in which inventory is managed as well as purchased.

· Provide regular and specialized inventory analysis and reporting for management via internal software programs.

· Take initiative in identifying and resolving issues pertaining to inventory levels and purchasing habits.

· Collaborate with team members to prepare for strategy meetings.

· Accurately complete all tasks within given time constraints

Accurately complete all tasks within given time constraints
Requirements*
· Two or four year college degree, or equivalent work experience required

· Strong analytical, quantitative, and analysis skills

· Excellent problem solving skills and strong attention to detail

· Strong computer skills; Extensive experience with Microsoft Office applications including MSWord, Power Point; intermediate to advance Excel skills required.

· Access database knowledge is extremely helpful.

· Ability to independently develop new Excel models, charts and graphs, and procedures as necessary.

· Ability to work on multiple tasks at the same time.

· Solid written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal communication skills.

Knowledge of automotive aftermarket industry is a serious plus
Company Information*
We are a supplier of automotive parts and accessories with a history in the automotive aftermarket industry dating back to 1958. Our company is comprised of full service warehouses, pick-up warehouse and retail stores that distribute parts within a fifteen state geographical reach from Midwest through the Northeast and down to the Mid-Atlantic states.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
inventory/data analyst: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Associate (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.hahnauto.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.4,"Hahn Automotive Warehouse, Inc.
3.4","Rochester, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Automotive Parts & Accessories Stores,Retail,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
136,Data Analyst - Customer Experience,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us

Launched in 2011, Twitch is a global community that comes together each day to create multiplayer entertainment: unique, live, unpredictable experiences created by the interactions of millions. We bring the joy of co-op to everything, from casual gaming to world-class esports to anime marathons, music, and art streams. Twitch also hosts TwitchCon, where we bring everyone together to celebrate, learn, and grow their personal interests and passions. We're always live at Twitch. Stay up to date on all things Twitch on LinkedIn, Twitter and on our Blog.

About the Role

Twitch is looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join a small but agile team. You will work with the Customer Experience organization to lead thought, process and insight leadership. You will report into the Head of Customer Experience and will lead insight generation to inform our continuous improvement efforts and provide guidance on prioritization of improvement efforts multiple internal product or engineering teams.

As a Data Analyst in Customer Experience at Twitch, you will be on the ground floor with the Customer Experience team, shaping the way we work with the product teams, defining what questions are asked, and scaling analytics methods and tools to support our growing business. Additionally, you will help support the vision for Customer Experience and solutions architecture for data related voice of the customer constructs.. You are paving the way for high-quality, high velocity insight to support large-scale growth.

You Will:
Build Voice of the Customer reports and dashboards to communicate health of the customer experience across all company partners and senior leadership.
Collaboratively establish causal impact and incremental value of continuous improvement programs and report the total value across multiple cuts of data
Produce insights rapidly & periodically so teams can act on it with minimal lag
Produce custom deep-dive analyses outside the periodic insights process
Contribute to data pipelining, from data preparation to analysis to deployment and work with associated engineering teams and 3rd party measurement partners
Support efforts to resolve data quality issues by identifying the root-causes and presenting potential solutions.
Identify data automation opportunities and manage projects to refine the process by getting hands-on with the data stack and working with associated engineering teams
Work with other analysts to ensure data integrity and quality, and produce high-quality white papers to present and circulate across the organization
You Have:
4+ years of industry experience in a relevant field
Expert SQL skills-your ability to tap into our data pipeline will be key to your success
Experience using data to produce insight and achieve our goals
Fluency in data analysis and communication around data, including time series analysis, experimentation, forecasting, data visualization, and defining Goal strategy for your business
Perks
Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance
401(k)
Maternity & Parental Leave
Flexible PTO
Commuter Benefits
Amazon Employee Discount
Monthly Contribution & Discounts for Wellness Related Activities & Programs (e.g., gym memberships, off-site massages, etc.)
Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner Served Daily
Free Snacks & Beverages

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.4,"Twitch
3.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
137,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"With all the opportunities out there, what’s the best way to raise your game and up your impact? Put yourself on a team that’s doing incredible things with data to create incredible health care solutions across the globe. That’s no small thing. In fact it’s all about big data and big ideas. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, has more technology, greater data resources and far broader expertise than any competitor anywhere. And, with your data reporting and analysis expertise, you can make an impact that matters for more. In this role, you’ll design and architect data warehouse solutions while acting as a primary contributor in developing, testing and deploying key data warehouses or data marts, and you will be working with cutting edge technology. Apply today, and find out what it means to be a part of an organization with the support and resources of a Fortune 6 company.

Southwest Medical, part of OptumCare, is a multi-specialty group of physicians, Nurse Practitioners, and Physician Assistants consisting of over 300 providers, 21 medical health centers including six urgent care clinics, four convenient care centers, two lifestyle centers catering to older adults, an outpatient surgery center, home health, hospice and palliative care services, plus E-visits and online options via Now Clinic telemedicine technology. Southwest Medical offers patients compassion, innovation, and quality care throughout southern Nevada. Southwest Medical is headquartered in the greater Las Vegas, NV area.

Primary Responsibilities:

Organizes sorts and filters data in order to distinguish patterns and recognize trends
Develops and maintains data preparation and validation routines to support data mining and has experience in creating complex data mining algorithms
Use advanced statistical and inferential analysis programs to provide specialized data analysis
Selects, recommends and applies appropriate analytic and statistical methodologies and techniques to execute against an analysis plan or research objectives
Evaluates new analytics tools and methodologies for possible deployment
Creates data warehouses/marts and/or develops data mining analyses to support business decisions
Solves moderately complex problems and/or conducts moderately complex analyses
Works with minimal guidance; seeks guidance on only the most complex tasks
Translates concepts into practice
Provides explanations and information to others on difficult issues
Coaches, provides feedback, and guides others
Acts as a resource for others with less experience

You'll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:

Undergraduate degree or High School Diploma/GED and 4 years additional experience as stated in each bullet point below.
3+ years of experience working with end users of data
3+ years of experience working with internal/external clients defining requirements
3+ years of database experience creating tables and writing stored procedures in SQL Server, Oracle, or an equivalent database.
Experience troubleshooting data reports for end users
Experience with a BI tool such as MicroStrategy or Tableau
You will be asked to perform this role in an office setting or other location, however, may be required to work from home temporarily due to space limitations.
If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or a similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. When in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are required to wear a mask in common areas. In addition, employees must comply with any state and local masking orders.

Preferred Qualifications:

Healthcare Industry experience
Experience in SDLC methodology such as Waterfall or Agile
Knowledge of HEDIS

Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.",3.4,"UnitedHealth Group
3.4","Las Vegas, NV",-1,10000+ Employees,1977,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10+ billion (USD),-1
138,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Department – Information Technology

SAC Health System is dedicated to reflect the healing ministry & love of Jesus Christ through healthcare, education & partnerships that empower our communities to flourish.

SACHS Core Values:

Quality Healthcare – providing patient-centered, culturally-sensitive, equitable care that is safe, timely, effective, efficient, while seeking to prevent illness & disability

Teamwork – working together to achieve a common goal, with a willingness to serve each other in a Christ-like manner

Wholeness – ministering to the spiritual, physical, mental & emotional needs of others

Integrity – living & working in an authentic, honest way that inspires trust

Compassion – engaging with the needs & suffering of others, out of concern for their well-being

Excellence – striving to exceed expectations for our patients, community, & staff

Humble Service – caring with a kind & selfless spirit

Respect – holding others in high regard by empowering them

Requirements for Success in Your Role

The Data Analyst’s responsibilities include conducting a full life cycle analysis to include requirements, activities, and design. The Data Analyst will develop analysis and reporting capabilities. They will also monitor performance and quality control plans to identify improvements. Other duties as assigned by the Data Manager.

Education and Experience

Required

Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or other quantitative field.
Valid CA Driver’s license

Preferred

Minimum of 2-5 years of healthcare experience with SQL, Tableau or other BI tools
Familiarity with EPIC or other EHR/EMR/EDR products
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Medical / Dental / Vision packages.
!! Monthly Premium Rates among the lowest in the industry!!
Retirement Account with up to 8% employer contribution
Employer-paid Life Insurance
Fitness Facility access
8 Paid Holidays
1 Paid Birthday Holiday

Social Action Community Health System complies with applicable Federal and State civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation or gender identity.",2.9,"SAC Health System
2.9","San Bernardino, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
139,Data Scientist/ Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our Renewables Operations team in Houston, TX or Chicago, IL as a Renewable Generation Performance Engineer.

In this role, you will be responsible for support functions relating to solar generation facilities betterment, facilities efficiency of monitoring and reporting (via automation), plant performance measurements, and maintain supplier and service provider relationships as it relates to generation portfolio performance. This position reports directly to the Director Performance Monitoring & Analytics.

What you’ll do:
Help facilitate improvement / automation of operations and reporting tasks via SQL procedures, and other script languages.
Work with site engineers to monitor and evaluate equipment and system performance by examining and trending the results of condition-monitoring activities, reviewing equipment failures, analyzing availability/reliability information. Follow-up actions, based on identified problems, trends, and root cause determinations, are timely and effective.
Improve solar site performance by providing recommendations regarding availability, production and reliability issues/initiatives to Engie site and senior level management.
Lead standardization of operations and maintenance and engineering processes including reporting functions
Work with various internal and external groups including engineering and technical support personnel, site operating personnel and Engie global performance teams other teams in Asset Management.
Support the site in developing (RCA’s) for inverters, trackers, and panel faults and failures and work OEM ‘s to provide upgrades and develop implementation plans to remedy.
Manage solar equipment suppliers’ technical resources to ensure focus on priorities and achieve performance improvement targets by being ENGIE’s technical point of contact.
Support operational reviews, solar site commissioning, end of warranty inspections and procurement to ensure proper equipment selection and operation
Ability to travel for short term assignments as required.
Act as a team member with all employees of the solar sites and collaborate with members of the ENGIE team at other sites across various businesses.
Work multiple projects concurrently including supporting future business development projects.

Qualifications

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science required, computer credits certifications a plus.
Minimum two years of relevant experience.
Desired working knowledge of wind and/or solar power generation equipment, and applicable SCADA control and HMI systems.
Possess strong planning, scheduling and project management skills with the ability to plan and work independently.
Possess strong computer and analytical skills; ability to use and program databases (SQL, Python, Pearl, BASH). Expertise of Microsoft Office (excel pivot tables, advanced formula’s)
Expertise using VM environments like Virtual box, Azure and AWS.
Desired working knowledge of Linux.
Must have and be able to maintain a valid driver’s license.

Why ENGIE?
ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is more renewable, more efficient and more accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

ENGIE is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.

This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. All related inquiries must be communicated through Talent Acquisition and not directed to ENGIE North America Managers. Failure to follow the ENA process may result in nonpayment of agency fees.

Job
: Operations / Production sites
Primary Location
: North America-United States-Texas-Houston North America-United States-Illinois-Chicago
Organization
: ENA Renewables
Schedule
: Full-time
Nature of Responsibility
: Senior professionnal / Team leader

Job Posting
: Aug 28, 2020, 10:06:48 PM",3.7,"ENGIE North America Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
140,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Fenkell Automotive Services is currently seeking a Data Analyst to join our team!*

*About: *

Fenkell Automotive is looking for a data entry/analyst with some minor automotive experience for vehicles being repaired at various locations throughout the US and Canada.

*Salary: * $13.00-15.00/Hour depending on experience

*Benefits: *
* Health insurance
* Dental insurance
* 401K
* Paid vacations.

*Responsibilities: *
* Data Entry using company web-based software
* Make phone calls to technicians to follow up expedite repairs
* Upload documents and images
* Manage and answer incoming emails

*Qualifications: *
* 1+ year of computer and data entry experience
* 1+ year of customer service experience
* Experience with Microsoft Suite
* Good customer service and communication skills
* Time management skills
* Friendly personality
* Positive attitude
* Since this is a remote role, the ideal candidate is required to use their own phone and computer

*_Indeed Hire and Fenkell Automotive Services are working together to find the best candidate for this job. _*

*_By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application._*

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $13.00 - $15.00 per hour

Experience:
* computer and data entry: 1 year (Required)
* customer service: 1 year (Required)

Job distance:
* Auburn Hills, MI 48326: Between 31 and 40 miles (Required)",3.0,"Fenkell Automotive Services
3.0","Auburn Hills, MI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
141,Analyst/ Sr Analyst / Manager Data Science,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Become part of the digital transformation and help revolutionize the financial services industry.

At American Express, we provide customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. Our customers include our Cardmembers as well as the small businesses, merchants, corporations, and bank partners that are all members of the dynamic American Express network.

As a Data Science colleague, you have the opportunity to make your mark on technology and life at American Express. Youll be challenged everyday as we work together to create digital products and develop actionable data-driven insights to meet the customers of tomorrow. It is an exciting opportunity for someone who wants to help shape digital experiences for one of the worlds top brands.

Where are these roles located within American Express?

Data Science colleagues will serve as a key member of teams in the Credit and Fraud Risk and Enterprise Digital & Analytics organizations. We seek a thought-leader and a problem-solver who can blend business, technical, and industry best practices sweating every fine detail when it comes to developing the analyses, models, and algorithms that power our customers digital experiences.

Enterprise & Digital Analytics:

An exciting opportunity for someone who wants to help shape, refine and build, Prospect and Customer digital connections, experiences and interactions for one of the worlds most respected companies, through advanced statistical techniques, AI, and machine learning. Enterprise Digital and Analytics team charter is to be an engine of growth, marketplace differentiation and efficiency for American Express.

Big Data Labs:

Develop Big Data capabilities, tools and techniques to enhance Credit and Fraud Risk, and Information Management functions.
Credit and Fraud Risk:

This critical team is responsible for managing enterprise risks throughout the customer lifecycle, across our consumer and commercial businesses, and across all our global products. We develop industry-first data capabilities, build profitable decision-making frameworks, create machine learning-powered predictive models, and improve customer servicing strategies

Decision Science roles in these teams:

Our Decision Science teams use industry leading modeling and AI practices to predict customer behavior. Development, deployment and validation of predictive model(s) and supporting use of models in economic logic to enable profitable decisions across risk, fraud and marketing.

What type of work can you expect to do in Data Science at American Express?

The specific job responsibilities would depend on the team you are selected in for a full-time role. Broadly the role could entail some of the below listed responsibilities:
Work with massive amounts of digital data (Web, App, API) and sophisticated tools in an industry leading Big Data environment.
Build everything from basic reports to advanced machine learning models and algos to drive improvements to our customers online and mobile app experiences.
Develop insights into customer behavior and introduce new approaches to transform complex behavioral data into actionable information
Leverage the power of closed loop through Amex network to make decisions more intelligent and relevant
Innovate with a focus on developing newer and better approaches using big data & machine learning solutions
Minimum Qualifications

We have the know-how, creative platform and global reach to make nearly any idea a reality. Do these describe you?
Skills/Experience
Passion for improving end-to-end customer experience, innovation and customer first thinking
Strong interest in analytics and data mining space and ability to collaborate with technology and product partners
Independent thinker whos organized, has great attention to detail, and can multi-task
Ability to blend big picture thinking with fine details and manage many stakeholders
Strong analytical, problem-solving/quantitative skills
Willing to take risks, experiment, and share fresh perspectives
Proficient in presentation tools, including Excel and PowerPoint
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to handle large datasets using SAS, SQL, R, Python or another similar programming language
Educational Requirements
Advanced Degree (i.e. MS or PhD) in a quantitative field such as Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Engineering, Computer Science
Currently enrolled in full-time Graduate degree or PhD program - Students must have a graduation date between December 2020 and June 2021
Candidates with relevant industry experience of 1-5 years can also apply
Why American Express?

Theres a difference between having a job and making a difference.

American Express has been making a difference in peoples lives for over 160 years, backing them in moments big and small, granting access, tools, and resources to take on their biggest challenges and reap the greatest rewards.

Weve also made a difference in the lives of our people, providing a culture of learning and collaboration, and helping them with what they need to succeed and thrive. We have their backs as they grow their skills, conquer new challenges, or even take time to spend with their family or community. And when theyre ready to take on a new career path, were right there with them, giving them the guidance and momentum into the best future they envision.

Because we believe that the best way to back our customers is to back our people.

The powerful backing of American Express.

Dont make a difference without it.
Dont live life without it.
Learn more about our Digital groups at American Express by visiting https://careers.americanexpress.com.\\

Our team will review completed applications on a rolling basis. We appreciate your patiencewhile we consider your application and will be in contact with you by October 30th.

Depending on factors such as business unit requirements, the nature of the position, cost and applicable laws, American Express may provide visa sponsorship for certain positions.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law.
Click here to view the ""EEO is the Law"" poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement..

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm and http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/.pdf

ReqID: 20006645
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time
Date Posted: Sep 14, 2020, 8:16:44 PM
EEO Statement


American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.",4.1,"American Express
4.1","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1850,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
142,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Education at Work is an innovative, mission driven business process outsourcing (BPO) company putting college students at the forefront of our unique business model. As a rapidly growing company with a start-up mindset, we are committed to fostering a collaborative environment and entrepreneurial culture which values and progresses out of the box thinkers and savvy problem solvers.

Position Summary
The Data Analyst who is able to turn project requirements into custom-formatted data reports. The ideal candidate for this position is able to do complete life cycle data generation and outline critical information for the company. Ideally, the Data Analyst is able to analyze business procedures and recommend specific types of data that can be used to improve upon them. A data analyst's job is to take that data and use it to help companies make better business decisions.

Working Conditions
This job operates in a clerical, office based setting. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.
Position Roles and Responsibilities
Development and maintain various reports required to analyze call trends and historical patterns
Synthesize current business intelligence or trend data to support recommendations for action
Manage timely flow of business intelligence information to users
Gathering user requirements
Provide error free decision making reports to management on a daily, weekly, monthly and annual basis.
Designing and automating reporting using Power BI
Various performance related analysis as needed
Other duties as deemed by Management
Experience and Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree, preferred. Equivalent level of work experience considered.
Specific Skills
Expert knowledge of Microsoft Excel – including graphs, pivot tables, formulas
Proficient knowledge of Microsoft Power BI – including data connection, visualizations, DAX
Excellent communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Detail orientated
Ability to work effectively as an individual and in a team environment
Ability to meet company attendance and dependability guidelines
Must be able to sit for long periods of time and repeatedly use a computer or other operational hardware
#IND123

THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990 (ADA) PROHIBITS DISCRIMINATION IN COMPENSATION AND EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES AGAINST QUALIFIED INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES. TO DETERMINE WHETHER AN INDIVIDUAL IS QUALIFIED, THE ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF EACH JOB MUST BE IDENTIFIED. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS ARE THOSE THAT ARE INTRINSIC TO THE POSITION, AND THAT THE INDIVIDUAL(S) WHO HOLDS THE JOBS MUST BE ABLE TO PERFORM WITH OR WITHOUT REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION.",3.3,"Education At Work
3.3","Tempe, AZ",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
143,Sr.Programmer Analyst- Precision Medicine Data Management,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr.Programmer Analyst- Precision Medicine Data Management

Requisition #: 271824
Location: Johns Hopkins Health System, Baltimore, MD 21201
Category: Information Technology
Work Shift: Day Shift
Work Week: Full Time (40 hours)
Weekend Work Required: Yes
Date Posted: Sept. 28, 2020

SR PROGRAMMER ANALYST

REQUSITION ID 271824

Position Summary:

The Sr. Programmer Analyst supports the Johns Hopkins in Health Precision Medicine initiative. The position has several responsibilities, including building ingest of data from source systems to the Precision Medicine data lake and transforming data to serve a number of different data consumers, including researchers for COVID-19.

The Sr. Programmer Analyst position reports to the Johns Hopkins IT Health Data Integration Services manager but is also expected to work closely with the Technology Innovation Center. This position plays an important role in helping Johns Hopkins leverage electronic medical record and other data assets for clinical research and for the development of clinical and patient facing applications. It is important for this role to understand the information and integration needs, source systems, quality standards, report and analytic requirements, and electronic medical record data to support centralized and decentralized development of institutional and business intelligence content.

Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities (KSA’s):

Requires some knowledge of data modeling, data management, and database development. Experience working in these areas in health system operations is preferred.
Requires some knowledge of data integration tools, data modeling tools, metadata tools, and database design. Understands the range of options and best practices for common ETL design techniques such as change data capture, key generation and optimization, and performance tuning.
Requires some proficiency in SQL programming, query writing, query performance tuning, and database technologies.
Requires some experience with all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Requires analytical ability to solve complex technical problems and participate as part of a diversified staff in matrix-managed groups.
Requires ability to convey technical methods, approaches, and plans to an audience of varying degrees of technical understanding including peers and customers.
Knowledge of ETL processes, cloud-based storage and data management technologies, such as Azure Databricks and Azure Data Factory is preferred.
Preferred Experience with the following databases, workbenches, and codebases: SQL Server, SQL Server Management Studio, SSIS, Java, C++, PHP, Python, IIS, SharePoint and R.
Technical certification in Epic Clarity and/or Caboodle is preferred.
Candidate must be detail oriented and have the ability to work on multiple priorities effectively and prioritize conflicting demands.

Job Responsibilities:

The primary responsibility of the Sr Programmer Analyst is to work on data extraction, transformation and load to support research and data visualization projects. This may involve extending the data lake with additional data to meet business needs. To achieve this the Data Analyst will:

DESIGN, DEVELOPMENT, and DEPLOYMENT

Implement data ingest pipelines and transformations into the Precision Medicine Analytics Platform data lake;
Transform data to comply with standards such as the OMOP Common Data Model;
Extract and transform data to comply with researcher requirements;
Extract and transform data to comply with requirements from data visualization applications;
Deliver data to research groups using the Precision Medicine Analytics Platform;
Design and deliver guidelines that allow a broad base of internal and external developers to build content sourced in the data lake while adhering to established standards and strategy;
Develop and validate the creation and maintenance of enterprise data definitions and metadata;
Participate in project planning to ensure effective use of technology and/or business process to meet customers’ needs;

IMPLEMENTATION AND MAINTENANCE

Monitor changes and resolve highly complex problems by responding as problems arise; Accomplish this by reviewing all processing and output of the newly implemented solution, and by proactively ensuring the solution works successfully in order to satisfy customer requirements and to provide a smooth transition to the new solution;
Oversee changes by adhering to the change management policies and procedures for any given project to communicate to all parties the nature, significance, and risk factors of the solution;
Work with source system owners to establish and measure data quality metrics, investigate and resolve source data issues, and continuously evaluate and refine transformation rules;
Define roles and responsibilities for centralized and decentralized data management functions.

Required Education:
Bachelor’s degree required. Additional experience may be substituted for education.

Equivalency Formula:

JHH: Related experience beyond minimum training experience qualifications may substitute for formal education requirement on a two years experience-for-one year education basis.

Required Experience:
Three years of related work experience with computer systems and applications. Additional education may substitute for experience.

Johns Hopkins Health System and its affiliates are drug-free workplace employers.

We are committed to providing a healthy and safe environment for our patients, visitors and staff members. The Johns Hopkins Hospital has a tobacco-free at work policy. Employees must refrain from using any tobacco products during their work shifts — including while at lunch or on breaks, and whether they are on or off campus.

Johns Hopkins Health System and its affiliates are an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, national origin, mental or physical disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law.",3.4,"Johns Hopkins Health System
3.4","Baltimore, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1889,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
144,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Law360, a LexisNexis company, is an online newswire for business lawyers that covers major litigation, transactions, and regulatory issues. Founded in 2004 and acquired by LexisNexis in 2012, Law360 is a cutting-edge organization and one of the fastest-growing subscription news services in the U.S. Our subscribers include the largest law firms in the U.S. and around the world, in-house counsel at major corporations, and key decision-makers in the government sector.

Law360, a LexisNexis company, is seeking qualified candidates for the position of Data Analyst to join our newsroom.

The Data Analyst will be part of a growing team in our Law360 newsroom, helping to implement surveys and rankings of law firms that support our efforts to report on the legal industry. The Data Analyst will support the accurate, timely, relevant and efficient delivery of that research, and would work collaboratively with editors, reporters and graphic designers to analyze the results of the team’s surveys. The analyst will also work on data management, cleaning and verification. The analyst will employ statistical methods to help improve analyses and data usage. Training will be provided.

Primary Duties/Responsibilities:
Help conduct surveys and interviews.
Help develop the methodologies used in annual reports and rankings from survey data.
Collaborate with editors on research projects, based on surveys and publicly available data.
Help create data visualizations based on surveys and publicly available data.
Participate in drafting and presenting key research findings to reporters and editors.
Combine, clean and verify data from multiple sources.
Help manage our data set. Work with a wide range of stakeholders in Editorial and IT with regard to data management.
Basic Requirements:
1+ years of related experience, including in data management, cleaning, and analysis. Relevant coursework may count toward this experience.
Preferred Requirements:
Previous expertise using quantitative analytical tools.
Advanced Excel skills (e.g., Pivot Tables).
Familiarity with R programming, Tableau and/or Python a plus.
Previous working experience with data visualization techniques. Tableau experience preferred.
Previous experience working with data of varying quality and from varying sources.
Ability to communicate complex ideas to a wide range of audiences.
Legal industry research experience preferred but not required.
A good teammate, collaborator and relationship builder who can also work independently.
RSRLNLP

Law360 offices are located in NYC, Washington DC, and Los Angeles. We offer a casual and flexible work environment, comprehensive benefits (including; medical, dental, generous paid time off, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, and a pre-tax commuter program), and competitive salary.

Portfolio Media Inc.is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com.

Please read our Candidate Privacy Policy",3.8,"LexisNexis Legal & Professional
3.8","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1818,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
145,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"ABOUT FANDUEL GROUP

FanDuel Group is a world-class team of brands and products all built with one goal in mind — to give fans new and innovative ways to interact with their favorite games, sports, teams, and leagues. That's no easy task, which is why we're so dedicated to building a winning team. And make no mistake, we are here to win, but we believe in winning right. That means we'll never compromise when it comes to looking out for our teammates. From our many opportunities for professional development to our generous insurance and paid leave policies, we're committed to making sure our employees get as much out of FanDuel as we ask them to give.

FanDuel Group is based in New York, with offices in California, New Jersey, Florida, Oregon and Scotland. Our brands include:

FanDuel— A game-changing real-money fantasy sports app
FanDuel Sportsbook— America's #1 sports betting app
TVG— The best-in-class horse racing TV/media network and betting platform
FanDuel Racing— A horse racing app built for the average sports fan
FanDuel Casino & Betfair Casino— Fan-favorite online casino apps
FOXBet — A world-class betting platform and affiliate of FanDuel Group
PokerStars US — The premier online poker product and affiliate of FanDuel Group

THE POSITION

Our roster has an opening with your name on it

We are looking for an Analyst to join our team. You will derive insights for FanDuel Group teams in order to drive actionable insights about the business. You will work alongside a group of other analysts through various individual and team assignments to continually evolve the various tools, models, and data visualizations used to drive the FanDuel Group business.

THE GAME PLAN

Everyone on our team has a part to play

Work with other analysts to produce insights and drivers of business performance
Create, modify and evolve models and data visualizations to better understand and explain the day to day performance of various KPIs
Create and maintain automated reporting processes visible to group-wide teams
Participate in presentations focused on using analysis to drive new business outcomes
Field and fulfil requests for various business inquires
Opportunity to mentor junior analysts on day to day requests as well as team best practices

THE STATS

What we're looking for in our next teammate

1-4+ years' experience in an analytics role preferred
Bachelor's Degree in a highly numerate major (Math, Stats, Econ, etc.) or relevant experience in data and/or business analysis
Strong personal organizational and time management skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with a lot of ambiguity
Expert in SQL and Excel required; experience with Python or R desirable
Strong problem-solving skills, allied with track record of transforming data into actionable business insight
Experience working in groups and leading smaller intra year projects
Interest in horse racing or sports preferred

THE CONTRACT

We treat our team right

Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect:

An exciting and fun environment committed to driving real growth
Opportunities to build really cool products that fans love
Mentorship and professional development resources to help you refine your game
Flexible vacation allowance to let you refuel
Hall of Fame benefit programs and platforms

FanDuel Group is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing",4.0,"FanDuel
4.0","Los Angeles, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Sports & Recreation,"Arts, Entertainment & Recreation",$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
146,Client Experience Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Client Experience Data Analyst
Location: Atlanta, GA
Department: Client Support
Type: Full Time
Min. Experience: 4+ years

Our Data Analyst will have a passion for using data to solve complex problems through root cause analysis, trend analysis and other analysis techniques. Their talent will be evident for finding compelling stories in customer, operational and financial data that inform the business with easy to follow conclusions and actionable recommendations. The story told will be objective to inform the business, no matter where the data takes them. This person enjoys the act of strategically thinking through the problem and then executing the analysis hands-on by manipulating large datasets using computer languages and analytics tools.

Our Data Analyst role will support the ongoing success of the OxBlue Client Experience team and support other reporting needs for the OxBlue Operations Team. This individual will provide insight and analysis to promote execution, productivity and the growth of OxBlue. In addition, you will be an advisor to OxBlue leadership through your analytics and reporting, to enhance the client experience and employee experience, with the objective of driving executional excellence throughout OxBlue.

As the Client Experience Data Analyst you would:
Provide reporting and commentary to the Vice President of Client Experience and other OxBlue senior leaders to drive business objectives such as improving client experience, employee engagement and profitable revenue growth
Identify, develop and maintain reporting around key success metrics
Develop self-service data tools
Analyze large amounts of information from multiple sources to discover trends and patterns and uncover solutions to business problems
Create models to forecast results of various enhancements to product, technology or procedural changes
Oversee data transmission and automation development, validation and maintenance from internal and external sources
Other analytical and process improvement projects as needed
You Have:
4+ years of related business, financial or data analytics experience
Strong organizational skills and high attention to detail to meet deadlines
Ability to work independently and with little supervision in a project management-like environment
Strong communication skills
1-3 year experience with a data visual program like PowerBI, Alteryx, Tableau or Qlik
Experience with survey tools
Enjoys researching and generating insights to solve problems
SQL coding proficiency
Bachelors degree (Finance, Math, Statistics, Business Administration, Analytics, IT or related field) preferred or equivalent experience
Bonus Points For:
Experience with the following survey tools: Satmetrix, Qualtrics, Medallia or Survey Monkey
Experience with using both customer experience and operations experience data to make recommendations for continuous improvement projects preferred
Our Perks:
Health insurance paid 100% for employee and 50% for family
Dental insurance paid 100% for employee
401k with company match
A fun work environment: casual dress, free snacks, complimentary massages and great parties
Investment in your professional development with internal promotions, continuing education, and tuition reimbursement
Paid sabbatical program: 4 weeks every 5 years
An award-winning culture recognized for its high level of employee satisfaction
Long-term disability paid 100% for employee
Life/AD&D
Paid Parental leave
The above summary of benefits is subject to change, is for informational purposes only and does not create any contract rights to benefits.

If you have what it takes and are looking for a company committed to the success of its clients and its people, we want to hear from you.

Diversity and Inclusion are important to OxBlue. We value the diversity of thought that comes from working with people from varied backgrounds. Our continuous improvement and ability to serve our customers depend on creating a workplace that brings out the best in everyone. Thats why we are committed to continuing to create an atmosphere of positivity, happiness and inclusion.",4.4,"OxBlue Corporation
4.4","Atlanta, GA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
147,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Law360, a LexisNexis company, is an online newswire for business lawyers that covers major litigation, transactions, and regulatory issues. Founded in 2004 and acquired by LexisNexis in 2012, Law360 is a cutting-edge organization and one of the fastest-growing subscription news services in the U.S. Our subscribers include the largest law firms in the U.S. and around the world, in-house counsel at major corporations, and key decision-makers in the government sector.

Law360, a LexisNexis company, is seeking qualified candidates for the position of Data Analyst to join our newsroom.

The Data Analyst will be part of a growing team in our Law360 newsroom, helping to implement surveys and rankings of law firms that support our efforts to report on the legal industry. The Data Analyst will support the accurate, timely, relevant and efficient delivery of that research, and would work collaboratively with editors, reporters and graphic designers to analyze the results of the team’s surveys. The analyst will also work on data management, cleaning and verification. The analyst will employ statistical methods to help improve analyses and data usage. Training will be provided.

Primary Duties/Responsibilities:

Help conduct surveys and interviews.
Help develop the methodologies used in annual reports and rankings from survey data.
Collaborate with editors on research projects, based on surveys and publicly available data.
Help create data visualizations based on surveys and publicly available data.
Participate in drafting and presenting key research findings to reporters and editors.
Combine, clean and verify data from multiple sources.
Help manage our data set. Work with a wide range of stakeholders in Editorial and IT with regard to data management.

Basic Requirements:

1+ years of related experience, including in data management, cleaning, and analysis. Relevant coursework may count toward this experience.

Preferred Requirements:

Previous expertise using quantitative analytical tools.
Advanced Excel skills (e.g., Pivot Tables).
Familiarity with R programming, Tableau and/or Python a plus.
Previous working experience with data visualization techniques. Tableau experience preferred.
Previous experience working with data of varying quality and from varying sources.
Ability to communicate complex ideas to a wide range of audiences.
Legal industry research experience preferred but not required.
A good teammate, collaborator and relationship builder who can also work independently.

RSRLNLP

Law360 offices are located in NYC, Washington DC, and Los Angeles. We offer a casual and flexible work environment, comprehensive benefits (including; medical, dental, generous paid time off, 401(k), tuition reimbursement, and a pre-tax commuter program), and competitive salary.

Portfolio Media Inc.is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com .

Please read our Candidate Privacy Policy",3.7,"LexisNexis Legal & Professional
3.7","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1880,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
148,"Customer Data Analyst, Expert",$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Requisition ID # 43120

Job Category : Information Technology

Job Level : Individual Contributor

Business Unit: Customer Care

Job Location : San Francisco

Department Overview

In Customer Care, we are focused on delivering the desired customer experience for each of our customers. Everything we do starts with the customer and our information about the customer. Within Customer Care, PG&Es Customer Energy Solutions department (CES) is responsible for designing, implementing and administering customer demand side management programs, including energy efficiency, distributed generation, demand response, and rate programs that help PG&E customers in Northern and Central California manage the energy use of their homes and businesses. PG&E has been a national leader in energy efficiency since 1976 and continues to recruit and develop individuals to carry the CES Departments legacy of effective energy efficiency programs on into the future.

Within Income Qualified Program and Disadvantaged Communities department, the Energy Savings Assistance (ESA) Program helps income-qualified residential customers throughout PG&Es service territory reduce energy consumption and costs while increasing their health, comfort, and safety. Qualified customers receive no-cost home weatherization, energy efficient appliances, and energy education services. Through this state-mandated program, PG&E has helped customers save over $54 million on their energy bills since 1983.

Position Summary

The Expert Customer Data Analyst will have an opportunity to work alongside with colleagues who possess diverse perspectives who are committed and passionate about customer advocacy. This individual will evaluate the effectiveness of our data, and recommend improvements in data system, regulatory reporting, business processes and procedures. This position may also be involved in special projects. This requires a resilient self-starter who can adapt in a rapidly changing environment. Additionally, this individual should possess strong analytical & problem-solving skills, system understanding and regulatory reporting. The successful candidate will be responsible for research, data quality & analysis and reporting in support of business decision making, business strategy, business operations and data request while demonstrating the ability to work comfortably with stakeholders at all levels of the organization.

Responsibilities
Manage and cultivate strong vendor relationships by facilitating recurring business reviews, compiling and evaluating monthly vendor performance metrics, benchmarking, and proactively exploring technologies that can be leveraged to enhance processes
Analyze trends/exceptions and provide recommendations
Liaise with other organizations and explore process improvement opportunities
Complete monthly and annually regulatory reporting
Assist with data requests
Data Analysis: Compiles and analyzes data. May develop and/or maintain data models for what-if analysis and for other business purposes.
Metrics and Reporting: Develops and tracks program metrics. Develops and maintains standard, custom and ad-hoc reports.
Forecasting: Develops forecasts.
Data Integrity: Researches data issues; collaborates across organizations and data systems to resolve data issues.

Qualifications

Minimum:
BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Business, Accounting, or Marketing
Six years of related work experience

Desired:
Ability to write in SQL scripting
Knowledge of Teradata and CDW
Microsoft Access, Tableau, SAS, VBA or related
Understanding of root cause analysis and process improvement concepts, methods and techniques
Advanced Proficiency in Microsoft Office, Project, Visio
Effective oral and written communication skills
Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel and a love of excel modeling
Knowledge of different analytical methods, approaches and tactics
Energy Insights (EI) knowledge, including developing reports
CDW
NEBs (Non-Energy Benefits Tool)
CET (Cost Effective Tool)
Familiar with Utilities, Operations, and Energy Efficiency Programs",3.5,"PG&E Corporation
3.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1905,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$10+ billion (USD),-1
149,HCM Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Any qualified individual with a disability who is having difficulty in completing an application because of incompatible technology or other disability-related application issues may contact us at the following phone number for assistance: 251-445-1932.

Austal shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or disability. Austal’s commitment to equal employment opportunity applies at all levels of employment, in all job titles, including the executive level, and to all employment actions, including but not limited to decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, training, and promotion.

REPORTS TO: HCM Coordinator

SUPERVISES: N/A

AUTHORITIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

The HCM data analyst plays a crucial role in collecting, structuring, analyzing, and reporting on HR processes and data. Supports business with key HR insights reporting (manning levels, hires; retention, turnover), talent metrics (promotion reporting; learning and development tracking; performance management insights), benefits reporting (billing invoices, participation census) as well as ad hoc reporting and data analysis as needed.

Job Description

Utilizes Workday systems and analytical tools to develop, analyze and interpret HR workforce data.
Partners with stakeholders across business units to build and implement reporting and analytic solutions that provide leaders with information necessary to achieve business goals and objectives.
Develop and maintain standardized dashboards and other related metrics reports for organization-wide and HR department evaluation.
Maintains common HR data repository
Monitors effectiveness of reporting and analytics products to ensure optimal value to the business, modifying or operationalizing new metrics and dashboard products as needed.
Creates scheduled reports and respond to ad-hoc queries from senior management and other areas of the company.
Leverages data extraction tools and approaches to perform complex data analysis and formulate new meaningful insights.
Reviews new reporting requests to be sure the request is consistent with HR systems and data strategies.
Creates, maintains, and ensures quality assurance of human resources data sets, reports, and metrics.
Recommends process and system improvements, follow up on recommendations.
Assist in the identification of data integrity problems and recommend solutions.
Other special projects, as needed.
Other duties as assigned;

QUALIFICATIONS / KNOWLEDGE / EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
3-5 Business Analyst experience documenting Business Requirements and conducting data analysis.
Workday experience preferred in one or more modules: HCM, Benefits, Talent/Performance, Security, or Advanced Compensation.
Strong written and verbal communication skills to effectively communicate processes and procedures with managers and employees.
Highly developed ability to provide clear, concise verbal and written explanations for complex concepts so that others see the value add in recommendations and solutions.
Strong computer proficiency and technical aptitude to utilize MSOffice. Expert-level proficiency in Microsoft Excel (PowerPoint a plus).
Strong process orientation, analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent service orientation skill set, ability to build strong relationships with fellow HR team members.
Must work with a sense of urgency and have the ability to handle confidential information in a professional manner. Can handle demands from multiple customers and has the ability to prioritize.
Ability to work collaboratively with multiple teams/organizations with attention to detail and strong organizational skills.
Flexible and has the capability to deliver results in a fast-paced, and high volume environment.

TOOLS: Not applicable

DIRECTION EXERCISED: Works within established guidelines. Works autonomously and escalates issues to HCM Coordinator as appropriate.

DISCRETION EXERCISED: A degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.

LIAISES WITH:

Employees, Department Managers, HR / Benefit Staff, Finance staff and external consultants as assigned.

ADDITIONAL GUIDELINES:

The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD clearance may be required if deemed necessary in the scope of your position responsibilities.
Candidates must meet the following employment eligibility guidelines to be eligible for employment with Austal USA:
18 years or older at time of application
Able to provide proof of US Person status (permanent resident or citizen)
No felony convictions of theft/deception or violent crimes within seven years from disposition date
No felony convictions of drug crimes within three years from disposition date
Willing to submit to a drug screen
Willing to submit to a background check",3.2,"Austal USA
3.2","Mobile, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
150,Senior Functional Analyst – Master Data Lead,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. Our business has been growing for more than 60 years and now is the best time in our history to join us. We are opening more locations every year and we are always looking for qualified individuals to join us in our growth. We are a company that promotes from within, both in our retail and corporate operations.

Under minimal supervision, the Senior Functional Analyst provides business value by evaluating and implementing functionality through process engineering, education and configuration of enterprise applications and technologies – focused on Master Data Management (MDM) and Data Governance. This role will report into the IT Merchandizing group and be responsible for the development and process ownership of MDM and data quality frameworks.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Research, recommend and develop functional solution design; define business processes, improvements, and business objectives with focus on system capabilities and integration points.
Map the solution to business requirements according to standards and program principles.
Must analyze current needs, anticipate future needs and provide solutions integrating various business operations
Partner with business and IT to ensure continuing delivery of new functionality at consistent if not increasing velocity
Collect, document and analyze new large and/or complex work requests to determine sizing and approach for potential solutions
Assist Leadership in prioritizing work requests, bug fixes and other initiatives as necessary
Oversee the design and execution of master data strategy and process optimization
Design and deliver master data solutions pertaining to the SAP and non-SAP suite of applications, associated partner systems, and test data
Influence the development and establishment of master data governance processes including the creation, maintenance and quality of master data in different areas of Article/Material Master, Vendor, Site, Pricing, etc. and the establishment of policies and procedures.
Optimize the integrity of data records and data associated with Master Data Management system, including matching and merging records to create a single source of truth in various data domains (Articles, Site, Vendor etc.), editing and terming records in MDM tools, and performance of other necessary workflow steps while partnering with broader merchandising team to establish procedures and guidelines.
Responsible for the optimization of the data Model(s), inclusive of Intake Management, Business Production Support (root cause analysis, driving issue to resolution, prioritization & escalations), Enhancements, and Quality Controls and Reporting (operational or audit reporting).
Align MDM vision and roadmap with other relevant segment strategies, initiatives, projects, and evaluations.
Demonstrate advanced knowledge of data governance, data quality measurement, data stewardship and/or system integration patterns
Consider capacity limitation and operations times; collaborates with IT resources
Design solutions with robust end to end capabilities specifically
Consider user impact, capabilities, limitation, and adoption; collaborates with business process owners and Subject Matter Experts (SME)
Build, configure or partner with development to deliver and unit test quality and efficient functionality
Provide knowledge transfer and direction to Testing resources as well as oversight for test scenarios, scripts and cases.
Provide knowledge transfer to End Users, Support Team and Testing as necessary during for any functional remediation, change, enhancement or break fix
Deliver and deploy only fully validated and vetted solutions
Serve as subject matter expert for Areas of Responsibility for their respective product organization
Provide documentation as necessary for the solution including but not limited to Business Process Design (BPD) Documents, Functional Specifications (F-Specs), End User System Procedures, End-to-end Business Process flows, User Stories, Knowledge Article and Deployment Scripts
Provide support for functions as necessary including supporting junior resources, business support, root cause analysis and corrective remediation for escalated problems and incidents.
Mentor and train junior resources and other extended team members and customer as necessary in the domain space you support
Stays current on the latest industry technologies, trends and strategies
Provide a can-do attitude with a pragmatic balance of velocity, quality, best practices and prioritization
Completes work in a timely and accurate manner while providing exceptional customer service
Other duties as assigned

Job Requirements


REQUIREMENTS:
Minimum 6 years of system specific configuration and implementation experience.
Experience with the definitions of quality standards for the products and adherence to these standards
Experience with the implementation of processes, responsibilities, and training on various technologies such as SAP MDG, or Informatica MDM or similar platforms.
Maintain and communicate metrics to gauge the health and quality of the data assets through proactive data monitoring.
Demonstrated expert level knowledge of applicable business processes
Demonstrated expert level application knowledge
Demonstrated knowledge of integration points for transactional and master data
Demonstrated expert understanding of, Business Rules Framework, patches, upgrades and support packs.
Ability to work independently and in a team is vital. Proven ability to work efficiently and accurately under pressure, meet deadlines and present a professional demeanor is essential.
Proven ability to respond to different organizational situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude is necessary.
Maintaining confidentiality, treating others with respect and upholding Company values are key attributes.
In addition, organizational and problem-solving skills, a can-do attitude, and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential.
Educational Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Computer Science or Management Information Systems preferred; OR equivalent experience 6+ years business experience with specific system or related field.
6+ years’ experience with specific system in a technical or functional capacity.
Proven history of increasing responsibility and upward mobility in previous technical and functional roles.
Workdays:

Normal workdays are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m (Arizona time). Occasional overtime (more than forty hours per week) may be necessary.

Apply
Not ready to",4.0,"Discount Tire
4.0","Scottsdale, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,1960,Company - Private,Automotive Parts & Accessories Stores,Retail,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
151,DATA ANALYST II,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"The primary mission of the Data Analyst role is to help our business evolve into an insights-driven organization. The position sits in our Data and Analytics Center of Excellence, which is responsible for implementing standards across the organization for data, metrics, and analysis, delivering insights gleaned from data to drive business decisions, and monitoring the impact of those decisions to ensure they are driving the impact needed. The Data Analyst will analyze data and provide insights and recommendations to the business to improve internal operations, to understand customers, to provide smarter products and services, to create additional revenue, and to drive decision making.

Primary/Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities:
Develop an understanding of connected core business processes and how performance is measured, and work with business to understand operational and strategic data and analytics needs
Transform data into information and reports that business managers can interpret, and monitor KPIs and other business metrics using basic statistics and trend analysis
Utilize diagnostic analysis to derive business insights and recommend areas for improvement to business
Develop appropriate visualizations, notifications and/or alerts to drive business action, and ensure results of actions can be measured and monitored
Promote proper interpretation of data and analytics results and educate on and support self-service business intelligence
Query and transform data from multiple data sets, and integrate potentially large volumes of data from a variety of sources
Test and validate ETL pipelines
Develop and recommend metrics appropriate for assessing business performance
Drive data quality by validating data& metrics calculations, surfacing quality issues and documenting metadata
Required Qualifications:
3+ years providing business insights using data and analytics
Providing and analyzing data that helps the PS organization work more efficiently, and stay compliant.
Maintenance - ensuring proper refresh for existing reporting. Fixing bugs, swapping data sources as needed
Fulfilling new requests - extracting, modifying and merging data from Salesforce, Smartsheets, UltiPro& UTE
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Creative self-starter who is able to analyze, interpret and derive insights, and communicate those to drive change in business
Demonstrated ability to create descriptive reports/dashboards and perform trend analysis for operational metrics and business KPIs
Working knowledge of intermediate probability and statistics - estimation, linear regression
Experience in diagnostic analytics
Experience presenting analytical results to leadership
Proficiency in SQL and RDBMS
Ability and willingness to quickly learn new technologies
Experience cleansing and integrating data from disparate data sources
Experience working with engineers on testing ETL pipelines
Proficiency with Business Intelligence reporting and visualization tools, such as Tableau, PowerBI, and/or Looker
Ability to learn business processes quickly and identify inefficiencies through analysis
Education, Certification, License and Training
Undergraduate degree in data analytics, mathematics, statistics, engineering, finance or equivalent field, or equivalent experience. Master’s degree is a plus
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with programming languages used in data science, such as Python and R
Strong adherence to core software engineering principles (code modularization, versioning, git, testing etc.)
Familiarity with Agile development such as Scrum or Kanban
Travel Requirements:
0% - 10% of the time
This job description has been written to provide an accurate reflection of the current job and to include the general nature of work performed. It is not designed to contain a comprehensive detailed inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of the employees assigned to the job. Management reserves the right to revise the job or require that other or different tasks be performed when circumstances change.

Ultimate Software will reasonably accommodate employees with disabilities as defined by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other appropriate statutes. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within the Company or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize the Company’s online employment application, please contactaccessibility@ultimatesoftware.com.

It has come to our attention that some people have been contacted online by persons impersonating job recruiters for Ultimate Software. These fraudulent“recruiters” have used Gmail accounts to contact, and have requested personal information, such as depositing a check to purchase work-related supplies. These are not legitimate recruiters or job offers, and do not represent Ultimate Software. To safely apply for and view open positions at Ultimate Software, please click“Apply"" and follow the instructions. Note that our recruiter emails always come from an officialultimatesoftware.com email address.

If you suspect you have been the victim of this or a related fraud, immediately contact your financial institution, and then file a complaint with the FBI’s Internet Crime Complaint Center atwww.ic3.gov. If you shared other personal or sensitive information, you may need to take additional actions relative to what was shared. Your local law enforcement department may also be able to assist. For any general security related questions regarding Ultimate, feel free to emailsecurity@ultimatesoftware.com.",4.5,"Ultimate Software
4.5","Atlanta, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
152,Data Analyst II,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"You’re not likely to find another company like Vermeer. Our people are from all walks of life in locations around the world, rolling up our sleeves and getting tough work done every day. Together. We’re a family-owned and operated company with an unmatched culture, one that is built on the belief that every Vermeer team member has real, personal impact – on our people, our customers and our world. Whoever you are and where you are in your career, Vermeer helps you be Equipped to Do More®.

Job Summary

Work Shift

1 - First ShiftThe Data Analyst II is responsible for performing complex data analysis to make sense of, and draw conclusions from, information buried in raw data. This position works closely with project team members and business units to identify data-related issues and solve them. This role must be an expert at querying information in relational databases like Oracle, Microsoft SQL, and PostgreSQL and able to document findings in tools such as Word, Excel, or Power BI.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

1. Exhibit the Vermeer characteristics of caring culture, demonstrating agility, customer focused and stewardship while modeling the associated behaviors.

2. Analyze data sets using various statistical methods to identify patterns within data, to gain insight into process performance, and identify opportunities to enhance decision making. Leverage current information sources including databases, process models, business requirements and other artifacts to research and resolve issues. Interpret, draw conclusions, make recommendations, and present findings to customers to support business questions and promote data literacy. Assist the business to take advantage of opportunities to improve data usage, analytical processes, and business process improvements.

3. Contribute to a data strategy and approach including inventory of data sources, metadata, quality, issues, reconciliations and remediations. Participate in planning and execution activities to identify, extract, reconcile, transform, load, and validate and/or converted data. Create mapping specifications, review data models, update business data definitions, and maintain process and project documentation as needed.

4. Define data quality operations and support the development and use of automated tools to deliver comprehensive data cleansing, matching, and quality monitoring capabilities for master and transactional data. Ensure high quality data is collected and discover the source data that causes issues for downstream applications, processes, and reports. Troubleshoot and resolve discrepancies to maintain data integrity and quality of information assets.

5. Prepare data documentation for specific projects or domains. Participate in unit testing and/or user acceptance testing for deliverables. Provide post implementation support for data reconciliation and quality issues.

6. Participate in product evaluations, requirements gathering, and business decisions to ensure new solutions are aligned with the company’s strategic goals and are scalable into the data warehouse platform.

Education and/or Experience

- Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business or related field.

- Minimum of 4 years previous experience with data and application standards, development, and integration; and/or equivalent combination of education and experience required.

Other Skills and Abilities

- Ability to shorten development cycles by implementing new and reusable technologies at Vermeer. Ability to examine business and development processes and apply continuous improvement methods to identify opportunities.

- Ability to define, create and complete a technical task without guidance.

- Excellent analytical skills.

- Ability to maintain positive interpersonal relationships which encourage openness with customers and peers; ability to develop interpersonal relationships with co-workers, staff, clients and the community to meet or exceed expectations.

- Demonstration of excellent written and verbal communication skills. This position requires presenting design recommendations to both technical and non-technical audiences. Clarity of ideas and overall understanding is crucial.

- Ability to create accurate, professional and error-free documents.

- Ability to manage multiple projects while applying project management and organizational skills for task breakdown, planning, and prioritization.

Travel

Up to 5% domestic and/or international travel by car or plane may be required.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or veteran status. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation due to a disability at any stage of the employment application process should contact Team Member Solutions in human resources at (641) 621-8767 or at hr@vermeer.com.",4.1,"Vermeer
4.1","Pella, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
153,Healthcare Data Analyst (Accountable Care Organization),$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Excellent career opportunity. Rapidly growing healthcare network / organization is seeking a motivated and focused team player. This is a tremendous opportunity for an individual who wants to join one of the United States premier healthcare companies. Ideal candidate will have a strong working knowledge of SQL, ISOM, Data Analytics, Statistics & Microsoft Office
IMPORTANT APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: *
Submit: Cover letter with salary requirements
Submit: Resume
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Applies knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Applies in-depth knowledge of health care operations and systems
Responds to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Works with other analysts to perform evaluate the performance of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Works with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identifies, develops and implements methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Performs checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintains and applies knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educates and assists in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Suggests ways to both increase healthcare quality and reduce costs.
Applies knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within healthcare technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Abides by all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities: *
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: * To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Strong knowledge of health care models including ACO’s.
A working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD 9/ICD10 classifications, CPT codes, etc.).
Strong knowledge of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Advanced-level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment
Strong skills in Microsoft Office
Strong internet research capabilities
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus
Attention to detail
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications: *
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience: *
Required: Bachelor's degree in a related area and 2-4 years of experience in the field or in a related area.

Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area (ex. MHA, MBA, Master's Information Systems, etc.)
Language Skills: *
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability: *
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills: *
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) Intranet, Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools.
Other Skills and Abilities: *
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a *MUST* .Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands: *
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.

Job Type: Full-time

COVID-19 considerations:
Mask required within offices at all times.

Experience:
Data Analysis: 2 years (Required)
Healthcare: 3 years (Preferred)
SQL: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.8,"Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization, LLC
3.8","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
154,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Analyst is responsible for providing accurate, complete and meaningful reports and analysis used for business management and decision making. The Senior Data Analyst works closely with department and/or functional managers to determine report requirements, build reports, and quality test them prior to distribution. The Senior Data Analyst also provides support with project management services for large data projects.

Essential Job Functions
• Develops and deploys reporting and analysis that is accurate, complete and properly summarized to aid in management of business and management decision making. Responsible for extracting and summarizing data from JDE and other corporate systems.
• Has expert knowledge of JDE tables and field usage. Has thorough knowledge of other corporate software, programs and data tools. Assists managers with report design and development. Tests reports and ensures that they perform as expected.
• Understands flow of data internally and in relation to the General Ledger.
• Produces weekly, monthly, and quarterly trend and activity reports as well as other operational and management reports. Ensures that reports are produced per scheduled timelines for review by functional management teams.
• Analyzes large amounts of data and investigates and researches anomalies. Works with department and/or functional teams to correct issues when identified.
• Works with IT Business Intelligence team to design, test and deploy MRE reports for general usage.
• Provides support to management to produce reports and analyze large amounts of data as part of acquisitions or other special projects.
• Produces ad-hoc reporting as assigned.

TekCom Resources, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and values diversity. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. We are compliant with the Fair Chance Ordinance as applicable, and will consider all qualified applications for employment.",4.9,"TekCom Resources, Inc.
4.9","Phoenix, AZ",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
155,Business Analyst - Data Science,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Meet MedPro Group. We’re an industry-leading Berkshire Hathaway insurance company with a passion for our clients and our team. We are hundreds of professionals with varied backgrounds and experience levels who came together to achieve one goal: protecting those who have made it their mission to serve and care for others. Never considered the insurance industry before? We think you should.

In this role you will…

Translate business needs, processes and procedures into a workable system, and articulate on specific data science requirements by communicating about these requirements with technology experts.
Participate in developing functional requirements, testing, training and implementing data science solutions. Develop detailed system requirements based on business needs, utilizing standard documentation guidelines and coordinating with technical resources throughout project cycle.
Participate in reviewing, analyzing, and evaluating Underwriting and Claims' user needs.
Participate in project meetings, project tracking, analysis, and reporting. Provide reporting analysis on key projects and delivery outcomes with the business clients.
Develop documents for Data Science applications, system specifications and test plans, according to existing standards and methodologies.
Support implementation of high impact, cross-functional projects aligned with strategic business initiatives under the direction of a Project Manager or Data Scientist.
Support small to medium size projects including project planning, requirements definition and documentation, test case definition, execution of testing, and project implementation.
Assist in handling post-production issues until project has been approved for release to the business.
Perform other duties as assigned.

We are looking for candidates with…

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent project/insurance experience.
3 or more years of related project or insurance experience.
Strong analytical skills.
Ability to resolve problematic issues in an efficient manner.
Excellent organizational and communication skills, demonstrated ability to work across technical and non-technical resources.
Understanding of systems and technical design.
Strong PC skills including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and as a team member.
Ability to handle multiple, changing priorities, and deadlines in a very fast paced working environment.

Why MedPro?

MedPro Group’s mission is built on a century-old legacy of protecting those who protect others. From our roots in our hometown of Fort Wayne, Indiana, we've worked diligently to become the nation's premier healthcare liability coverage provider, currently insuring more than 250,000 customers. With that growth, we've built a significant presence in all 50 states. Our team works across the country to provide the best strategies to mitigate risk and preserve the reputations of those who have entrusted their good name to us. That passion – built on a foundation of a culture that values uncompromised integrity, obsessive client focus, great teamwork, and a long-term mindset – makes MedPro a preferred employer that many call their career home.

General:

MedPro Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.2,"MedPro Group
3.2","Fort Wayne, IN",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1899,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
156,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world!
Job Title:
Data Analyst
Cost Center:
899506 SHP Actuarial
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Employee Type:
Regular
Work Shift:
Mon-Fri; 8:00 am - 5:00 pm (United States of America)
Job Description:


JOB SUMMARY

The Actuarial Data Analyst develops analysis and reporting capabilities within the Actuarial Services department. This individual will monitor financial performance and maintain reporting structures to support product line financial projections. The Actuarial Data Analyst assists Actuarial Analysts and management with providing decision support and recommendations for complex matters related to rate filings, reserving, capitation and forecasting.

JOB QUALIFICATIONS

EDUCATION

Education qualifications must be from a school whose accreditation is recognized by the Council for Higher Education and Accreditation.

Minimum Required: Bachelor’s degree in business administration, information systems, business statistics and analytics, mathematics or related field.

Preferred/Optional: None

EXPERIENCE

Minimum Required: Four years of experience in data compilation, analysis and reporting. Demonstrated proficiency with the Microsoft Office suite and other analytical tools including reporting software.

Preferred/Optional: Four years of experience in data compilation, analysis and reporting within the health insurance industry.

CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES

The following licensure(s), certification(s), registration(s), etc., are required for this position. Licenses with restrictions are subject to review to determine if restrictions are substantially related to the position.

Minimum Required: None

Preferred/Optional: None

Marshfield Clinic Health System is committed to enriching the lives of others through accessible, affordable and compassionate healthcare. Successful applicants will listen, serve and put the needs of patients and customers first.

Exclusion From Federal Programs: Employee may not at any time have been or be excluded from participation in any federally funded program, including Medicare and Medicaid. This is a condition of employment. Employee must immediately notify his/her manager or the Health System’s Compliance Officer if he/she is threatened with exclusion or becomes excluded from any federally funded program.

Marshfield Clinic Health System is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.4,"Marshfield Clinic
3.4","Marshfield, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1916,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
157,Data Analyst,$34k-$60k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Agoura Hills - Agoura Hills, CA
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
4 Year Degree
Salary Range
Undisclosed
Travel Percentage
None
Job Shift
Undisclosed
Job Category
Admin - Clerical
Data Analyst

JOB SUMMARY:

Creates functional specifications from business requirements and defines business processes. Serves as a primary liaison between Business and IT. Authors use cases and test cases. Is directly involved with the installation, modification, testing, implementation, documentation and maintenance of purchased vendor software and developed solutions. Gathers and analyzes data in support of business cases, proposed projects, systems requirements, and provide solutions and recommend best practices. Responsible for creating SSRS reports, developing ad-hoc SQL queries, dashboards using BI tools such as Tableau, and providing end user training. Applies proven communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills to help maximize the benefit of IT system investments.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Develops working relationships with a diverse group of business people and gains an understanding of the complex nature of the company’s business. Maintains familiarity with the business plans of the company and the departments serviced.
Leads design sessions in identifying business requirements needed for selecting new systems for the purpose of enhancing business processes, operations, and information process flow. Creates system design proposals. Provides creative solutions to user areas and also contributes ideas to improve the function, reliability and quality of services from IT.
Coordinates and performs in-depth tests, including end-user reviews, for modified and new systems, and other post-implementation support.
Ensures compatibility and interoperability of in-house computing systems.
Maintains knowledge of current Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence (Tableau) and Reporting tools (SSRS).
Understand statistics and statistical analysis.
Take ownership of designing and building end to end BI solutions using SQL Server, T-SQL, SSIS and Tableau
Are able to produce visualizations of data to clearly communicate ideas.
Development experience in at least one scripting language (R or Python preferred)
Gathers and analyzes reporting needs; identifies and analyzes data systems; designs reports and assists in the design and implementation of a reporting infrastructure to support the business reporting needs.
Responds to elevated Help Desk Tickets in a timely manner.
Provides orientation and training to end users for all modified and new systems.
Supports IT Team in planning and implementing backup, security or disaster recovery actions.
Maintains a professional awareness of tools and techniques that might be used to improve the quality of service. Conducts research on software and hardware products to justify recommendations and to support purchasing efforts.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Technical Competencies:

Bachelor in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field preferred and 4+ years of work experience in the field.
Hands-on experience using Tableau to create impressive visualizations
Proven experience in Databases and Data Relationships particularly Microsoft SQL Server including T-SQL and SSIS
Development experience in at least one scripting language (R or Python preferred)
Good working knowledge of manufacturing business systems
Strong organizational and communication skills.
Experience working in manufacturing environments is a plus. (ERP).
Good verbal, written and listening communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and solve problems and to communicate with and support clients.
Able to communicate technical information to non-technical people effectively.
Proven ability to work across organizational boundaries to identify business information needs and to implement applications that fulfill them.

Core Competencies:

Ethics, Values, Integrity & Trust - Adheres and acts in line with CPI core values.
Functional/Technical Skills - Possesses high level of skill, knowledge and ability in assigned functional area.
Safety – Complies with company safety rules and regulations. Takes a proactive approach to identify and eliminate safety hazards.
Customer Focus - Gives high priority to customer satisfaction.
Interpersonal Skills - Uses diplomacy and tact. Uses collaborative skills.
Action Oriented & Adaptability - Takes initiative; acts promptly; is proactive.
Ownership & Accountability - Proactively models, guards and demonstrates all of CPI’s core values.
Priority Setting, Planning & Organizing- Uses resources effectively and efficiently.
Problem Solving & Creativity - Uses logic and methods to solve problems with effective solutions. Develops new and unique ideas.
Listening, Informing and Written Communications - Practices attentive and active listening. Shares information. Presents ideas and facts clearly and effectively in writing.

PHYSICAL/ENVIRONMENTAL REQUIREMENTS:

Works on computer majority of the day.
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs. to move computers, equipment, etc. as needed.
Some travel (domestic and international) may be required both by automobile and airplane.
May have to perform duties in tight spaces (phone closet, etc.).
Must be able to work flexible hours.",3.4,"Chatsworth Products
3.4","Agoura Hills, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
158,Senior Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Company:
Industrious is the largest premium workplace provider in the U.S. with nearly 100 locations in more than 50 U.S. cities. Its Workplace Experience platform, which pairs thoughtfully-designed spaces with hospitality-driven services and amenities, has reshaped the concept of coworking into a scalable solution for companies of all sizes and stages. Since its founding in 2013, Industrious has helped thousands of companies scale their businesses while maintaining the highest NPS scores in the industry. For more information, visit www.industriousoffice.com.
As we shape the future of workplace experience, we're looking for motivated, thoughtful, and collaborative people who are excited to join a high-growth, warm, and welcoming team. For more information, please visit www.industriousoffice.com/careers.

About the Role:
As the Data Analyst at Industrious, you are responsible for building the data-models that underpin our analytics and reporting. You have a flexible skillset: someone who is adept with SQL code, is experienced in ad-hoc data-modeling, and can partner with an engineer to build our data-warehouse.

This is an amazing role for a curious, analytical mind who is excited to touch all elements of the business and lay the foundation for analytics and insights.

You are a great fit for this role if:
You are eager to sit at the intersection of technology and analysis
You are an independent operator who can build from the ground up
Data engineering? Data analysis? Data science? You want to work with all three pieces of the analytics cycle
Responsibilities:
Partner with an engineer to build our data-warehouse
Develop the Redshift/Snowflake models that underpin our analytics and reporting
Serve as the bridge between our Analytics and Technology teams
Requirements:
Very strong SQL skills (preferably Postgresql)
Experience creating ad-hoc databases (e.g., using DBT or equivalent)
Experience transforming and analyzing large datasets
Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and techniques
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or similarly quantitative/technical field
Experience in analytics or a technical field
Preferred qualifications:
Experience with Data Lakes (e.g., (Redshift/Snowflake preferred) and proven ability to produce scalable solutions
Experience with connectors (e.g., FiveTran, Stitch)
Experience with visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Looker)
Experience working in a cloud-based environment (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google-Cloud)

Perks:

In addition to our incredible team, there are lots of other fun reasons to work with us.
Daily breakfast, snacks, coffee, tea, and drinks at all Industrious locations
Health care, including vision and dental
401K plan
Smart casual dress code
Generous vacation time
Paid parental leave
Team outings and annual company-wide offsite
Industrious in the News:
Industrious CEO Sees Company as Less Risky Than WeWork
Industrious' Jamie Hodari on the Return to Work
Coworking Spaces Prepare To Welcome People Back, Expect the Industry To Grow
Industrious is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Industrious believes that diversity is critical to our success in delivering great workplace experiences and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment which celebrates diversity of our people. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs.",3.7,"Industrious
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Membership Organizations,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
159,Temporary Senior Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Key Responsibilities include:

Integrate and transform data from different sources for reporting or analytical purposes
Support the design, development and automation of data pipelines to support routine BI reports and analytical workstreams
Develop and migrate data into impactful data visuals leveraging business intelligence tools
Collaborate with stakeholders such as business leaders and project managers to gather data requirements and deliver projects on time
Support ad-hoc data requests from business or senior management
Partner with the data team and Infrastructure Cloud teams to optimize data pipelines and ensure data quality
Analyze and visualize data and present business insights to business partners
Minimum Qualifications:

BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical fields.
5+ years of experience working in Business Intelligence or Data analytics within the investment and asset management industry
Very strong in SQL
Experience in Microsoft`s Azure Cloud technologies
Experience in data visualization tools such as Power BI
Proficient in Python and familiarity / experience in the following python Libraries (Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib and and/or SkLearn)
Strong communication capabilities
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in manipulating or analyzing investment management data sources (Market Metrics, DST Walletshare)
Experience developing data pipelines in Azure and familiar with cloud technologies (Data Factory, Data Bricks and Machine Learning Service etc.)
Experience in statistical modeling
Advanced knowledge of statistics assumptions and can interpret statistical analysis into business language
Experience in partnering with business owners to understand requirements, develop project timelines and deliver data sets or analysis on time",3.7,"Calamos Investments
3.7",Illinois,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
160,Data Analyst - Community Health,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us

Launched in 2011, Twitch is a global community that comes together each day to create multiplayer entertainment: unique, live, unpredictable experiences created by the interactions of millions. We bring the joy of co-op to everything, from casual gaming to world-class esports to anime marathons, music, and art streams. Twitch also hosts TwitchCon, where we bring everyone together to celebrate, learn, and grow their personal interests and passions. We're always live at Twitch. Stay up to date on all things Twitch on LinkedIn, Twitter and on our Blog.

About the Role

Data is central to Twitch's decision-making process, and analysts play a critical role in informing and evangelizing data-driven decision making across all of our operations. As a Data Analyst at Twitch, you will be responsible for leveling up the understanding and capabilities of stakeholders across your team, enabling them to make better decisions using available data.

As part of the Community Health team at Twitch, you will be on the ground floor with your team, shaping the way we build and refine operational processes, delivering formative insights about the health and safety of our communities, measuring the impact of product improvements and policy changes, and influencing future product design and strategy. In a typical week or month, you will be responsible for instrumentation, dashboard/report-building, metrics reviews, and ad hoc analysis. Your work will pave the way for high-quality, high-velocity decision-making that will lead to safer, more rewarding community interactions across the platform.

The ideal candidate combines deep analytical expertise, experience working with cross-functional product development teams, and a passion for shaping the future of community-driven entertainment. You'll find a Requirements section below. If you meet all of these, then we encourage you to apply. If you meet most of them, and feel that you have a unique perspective or skill-set that can help us to design safer and more rewarding communities, then we encourage you to apply.

You Will:
Design and evaluate A/B tests and experiments to measure the effectiveness of front-end product improvements and algorithmic machine learning systems.
Generate ad-hoc reports and insights that help teams move forward with time-sensitive product and strategy decisions.
Partner with cross-functional teams to define and track team success metrics and make these available through ETL (extract/transform/load) pipelines and reporting dashboards.
Partner across Community Science to conduct foundational analysis informing how we measure and improve the health and safety of communities across Twitch.
Contribute to data infrastructure, best practices for managing data, and a long-term vision of sustainable and thriving data processes.
Maintain a culture of high-quality output and exceptional engagement with stakeholders.
Effectively communicate at all levels, ensure that work gets done well and on time, respond effectively to ad hoc requests and unexpected obstacles, and reallocate resources as necessary.
You Have:
2+ years of industry experience as a data analyst or in a related role, preferably in the consumer internet or gaming space, or working with a high-velocity, high-growth product / business.
Bachelor's degree, or higher, in engineering, math, statistics, data analytics, operations research, or related field or equivalent data analytics experience.
Expert SQL skills - ability to work adeptly with and contribute to Twitch's data infrastructure.
Comfort with statistical analysis, including A/B testing.
Fluency in data communication and visualization, including metrics reporting, conducting exploratory data analysis, and crafting data-driven reports and visualizations.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Comfort working on occasion with potentially sensitive and/or disturbing content.
Eagerness to shape the development of a growing team and contribute to the design of novel products that shape the community experience for millions of viewers and creators.
Bonus Points
Masters degree (preferred, but not required).
Strong familiarity with Twitch, our creators, and our community.
Knowledge of advanced statistical methods and statistical programming using Python, R, or similar tools.
Experience building aggregates, optimizing data workstreams, maintaining data pipelines, and working with AWS infrastructure.
Familiarity with NLP techniques (e.g. topic modeling, sentiment analysis), particularly involving text corpora composed of short, unstructured text.
Prior experience building end-to-end pipelines for supporting experimentation with machine-learning systems (e.g. recommendations, spam & fraud detection, notifications).
Prior experience working on a Trust & Safety or Community Health team.
Perks
Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance
401(k)
Maternity & Parental Leave
Flexible PTO
Commuter Benefits
Amazon Employee Discount
Monthly Contribution & Discounts for Wellness Related Activities & Programs (e.g., gym memberships, off-site massages, etc.)
Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner Served Daily
Free Snacks & Beverages

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.4,"Twitch
3.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
161,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr Cloud Data Engineer – GCP; Java; and PostgreSQL

Description:
UST Global® is looking for creative; high-energy; diverse and driven Data Engineer with hands-on development skills to work on a variety of meaningful projects to work with one of the leading financial services organization in the US. You are ideal for this position if you are a forward-thinking; committed; and enthusiastic software engineer who is passionate about technology.
The Senior Data Engineer will be responsible for analyzing existing on-prem data bases and storages; responsible for the hands on role expanding and optimizing data quality; data pipelines and architecture; as well as optimizing data flow and collection in the GCP ecosystem. The Data Engineer will support a group of Architects; Technical Leads; Software Engineers; DBA on the data initiatives. The Data Engineer will ensure optimal data quality and delivery is consistent and secure throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams; systems and products. The Data Engineer will work with IDH staff; and with the Project Manager; and other members of the project team to meet data-related objectives.
The candidate must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to collaborate effectively with domain experts and technical experts in the team.

Roles & Responsibilities:
•Design and perform data pipeline related implementation and production support tasks such as data migration; ETL; validation; and conversion.
•Evaluate and/or implement changes in production transactional system to support ETL data pipelines as needed.
•Build or configure infrastructure required for optimal ETL of data into an analytics environment from a variety of data sources using SQL and Cloud ‘data’ technologies.
•Monitor and maintain live data ingestion; data pipelines; and ETL
•Understand best practices for data separation; security; and disaster recovery through multiple data centers and Cloud regions.
•Provide insight into system data quality; recommend; and implement solutions to resolve data quality issues.
•Perform basic analysis to transform data into actionable information for use by the stakeholders.
•Evaluate data analysis and visualization tools and use these tools or assist analysts in developing recurring and ad-hoc reports/dashboards.
•Build configure or install analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition; operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Required Skills and Experience:
•Experience with implementation and design of cloud databases such as PostgreSQL; CockroachDB; MySQL;
•Experience with open source data pipeline and workflow management
•Experience with design and implementation of open source databases
•Experience with big data tools such as: Hadoop and/or Spark
•Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python; Java; Scala; etc.
•Experience with data warehouse or data lake creation
•Experience with evaluating mainly open source database and data pipeline tools; designing data sources; custom loading programs and/or pipelines
• Experience building and optimizing ETL data pipelines; architectures and data sets an GCP/AWS or open source ecosystem
•Experience in production support transactional data sources and ETL data pipelines
•Ability to design database tables and schemas to support analytics operations or facilitate ETL
•Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases; query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
•Build processes supporting data transformation; data structures; metadata; dependency and workload management.
•Demonstrated capabilities using data analysis and visualization tools and methodologies.
•Experience with data management and cleansing of operational and analytical data stores maintaining data quality.
•You enjoy mentoring other engineers; having a voice in defining our challenging technical culture; and helping to build a fast-growing team (depending on level)
•Report any issues with the client stakeholders and UST leadership

•Tech Stack = PostgreSQL; CockroachDB; MySQL; MS SQL; Oracle; GCP (Google Cloud Platform); BigQuery; ETL; Java ;J2EE (pipeline would be a plus) Other tech tools = Jira; Aha!; Eclipse; Python scripting .",4.2,"UST Global
4.2","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
162,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION DESCRIPTION

CGI is looking for experienced Business Analyst for a new project located in Wausau, WI. This is an exciting full-time opportunity to work in a fast-paced team environment supporting clients throughout the country.

Looking for career advancement?

• Full-time opportunity to become a member of a stable, growing organization with over $10 billion in annual revenue

• We have over 73,000+ CGI Members in 40 countries and over 5k+ loyal Clients who are leveraging our end-to-end services across the globe

• We offer a competitive total compensation package that includes medical, dental, vision, 401k, paid vacation, and much more.

FUTURE DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

• Responsible for collecting, validating, modeling and analyzing data for the organization.

• Prepares statistical and narrative reports, recommendations and participates in the analysis and interpretation of data as appropriate.

• Coordinates, facilitates and provides analytical support to other departments and managers as needed.

• Develops, maintains and ensure quality control of databases. May assist in development and implementation of measurement systems.

• Designs and/or develops specific databases for collection, tracking and reporting.

• Responsible to develop key metrics, design and implementation of initiatives and processes.

• Interpret performance trends, identify root causes behind the trends and contributes to the development of performance improvement efforts. Performs special projects as requested. Other duties as assigned.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE

• Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.

• Demonstrated ability to quickly acquire extensive subject matter expertise.

• Demonstrated ability to explain complex data concepts to non-technical people.

• Demonstrated ability to consistently meet deadlines on time.

• Professional client presence, influencing and active listening skills.

• Team player with a great sense of humor.

• Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this changesupporting our clients digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGIs legal duty to furnish information.

Your future duties and responsibilities

Required qualifications to be successful in this role",3.6,"CGI
3.6","Wausau, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$10+ billion (USD),-1
163,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),".

Do you dare to reinvent the future of education?


At Cengage, we are harnessing the power of tech to build a future where all learners have the tools and confidence to achieve their goals.

As a Cengage employee, you will blaze a new trail to transform the way people learn. Collaborating with the best of the best, you will feel challenged and inspired to do breakthrough work. With the support of our united team, there is no limit to what you can imagine, create and set in motion.

Are we right for you?


We set the bar higher by bringing our unique talents and point of view to the table every day. We are curious and comfortable with change and are willing to take risks to transform education. Most importantly, with everything we do, we put learning first.

What You'll Do Here:


The Data Analyst, Product Data Analytics will be responsible for delivering data-driven insights across the finance, product, strategy, technology, and legal groups designed to significantly improve Cengage’s Higher Education and Skills product and content development. The Data Analyst will be a critical contributor to the team, focusing on deriving business outcomes from data, driving improvements in data quality, building out new proof of concepts, engaging and communicating analysis to cross-functional teams, and providing analytic and operational support to multiple areas.Cengage Learning is a collaborative environment. This role will bring data-first thinking to projects that are transformational in nature. The right candidate will possess strategic thinking, effective problem structuring, proven analytical skills, and an ability to influence within diverse teams.

This position is full-time, on-site in one of the following locations: Boston, MA/Mason, OH/Clifton Park, NY.

· Form a deep understanding of Cengage Learning’s product data, processes, systems and tools, while shaping workflow best practices and improving data integrity· Assist in structuring and executing operational and strategic initiatives by gathering and synthesizing relevant data, leading analyses, and developing final recommendations and documentation· Drive analysis to recommendations to meaningful operating results, such as higher quality, faster cycle times, less costly, etc.· Capture and communicate findings within broader project structure; maintain healthy project management practices, including work plan development and trackingTo successfully accomplish the above, engage with and on cross-functional teams

Skills You Will Need Here:


· BA/BS with high proven achievement· Minimum 3 years of experience working directly with complex data systems · Demonstrated ability to conceive and execute quantitative analysis and deliver data-driven insights· Outstanding organizational skills and a very strong attention to detail· Demonstrated writing and verbal presentation skills enabling her/him to prepare and present information and recommendations to a diverse and often senior audience· Proven commitment to providing excellent customer service to internal and external stakeholders; demonstrated willingness to take ownership of customer issues and see them through to resolution· Collaborative problem solving and working style to drive change through influence· Able to self-manage progress against milestones and deliverables with a high degree of accountability and personal urgency· Advanced skills with Microsoft Office Suite of systems, particularly MS Excel and MS Access

Preferred Skills/Knowledge/Experience:· Experience with successfully navigating and driving change in complex organizations· Experience with successfully implementing strategic initiatives; collecting, analyzing, and synthesizing large datasets to identify problems and propose solutions · Prior experience in the publishing or technology industries is beneficial",4.0,"Cengage
4.0","Clifton Park, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
164,Senior Analyst/Data Scientist,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Edmunds were driven to make car buying easier. Ever since we began publishing printed car guides in the 60s, the company has been in the business of trust, innovating ways to empower and support car shoppers. When Edmunds launched the car industrys first Internet site in 1994, we established a leadership position online and have never looked back. Now, as one of the most trusted review sites on the Internet, millions of visitors use our research, shopping and buying tools every month to make an easy and informed decision on their next car. For consumers, we bring peace of mind. For dealers, we make tools to help them solve their problems and sell more cars. How do we do it, you ask? The key ingredients are our enthusiastic employees, progressive company culture and cutting-edge technology. Want to join the team? Read on to find out how!

What Youre Applying For:

Edmunds is seeking a skilled, creative and enthusiastic Senior Analyst/Data Scientist experienced in generating actionable insights from large sets of data, measuring business performance, and identifying areas of growth and optimization using advanced analytical (modeling, machine learning) and experimental approaches.

The ideal candidate is also a natural problem-solver that enjoys working with large data sets and is proactive in exploring database tables and using data to make clear and convincing business cases.

The analyst will play a crucial role in supporting our Tier 1 team by developing, improving, and maintaining digital advertising revenue forecasts & models, monitoring major KPIs, and understanding impact to other areas of the business. This person will be expected to understand the details and complexity of the companys digital advertising revenue to ensure that the executive team has a clear and accurate pulse of the business, and recommend action plans to optimize against the companys revenue goals, and identifying areas of optimization and growth by extracting insights through modeling, testing and experimentation.

In addition, this person will be expected to take ownership of projects to continually improve reporting quality through automation. This person will also be expected to promote the use of self-service analytic tools across internal clients, and provide training for these tools.

This individual will be tasked to work cross-functionally with Product, Sales, Ad Operations, and Paid Media teams to optimize digital advertising products and revenue through A/B testing and experimentation, measuring and uncovering results based on changes to website traffic & consumer site behaviors, and recommending areas of paid marketing spend.

The right candidate will have experience working across business and functional boundaries, partnering with internal clients to provide decision-making support through analytic insights.

This is a great opportunity for an individual with significant business acumen that is interested in playing with the wealth of structured and unstructured data that is available within the car buying ecosystem. Curiosity and business intellect a must.

What Youll Do:
Develop, evaluate, refine, and automate analytic models using data to address business needs, and identify areas of optimization and growth
Prepare visualizations of data in order to explain and persuade
Design, conduct and lead complex analyses that mine, extract, track, report and analyze performance metrics
Provide recommendations to key stakeholders and support the business need
Create and produce forecasts, reports, ad hoc requests, dashboards, etc. utilizing our data warehouse and other data source systems and summarize your findings
Interact with multiple teams in different departments and define requirements for reporting
Challenges:
Edmunds is a fast growing and innovative company. Qualified candidate should possess strong project management skills, and an ability to multitask and balance competing priorities
What You Need:
Strong analytical and data mining skills
Excellent data extraction and manipulation skills - SQL experience required
Strong data modeling / statistical analysis / predictive modeling experience required (R and/or Python)
Excellent presentation and communication skills
Exposure to BI tools such as Tableau is a plus
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field, such as mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, business analytics, etc. with at least 5 years of relevant and progressively complex work experience
Working @ Edmunds.com:

Employees think its a pretty great place to work and some pretty impressive publications think it is too: we have been recognized as one of the best places to work by the Fortune Magazine and Great Places to Work, LA Business Journal (for the last 6 years!), Computerworld, and Built in LA. We've also been identified as one of the best workplaces specifically in Technology and also for Diversity and Asian Americans. In fact, our CEO, Avi Steinlauf, was rated as one of Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs! If youre interested in learning more and joining our mission, wed love to hear from you!

Edmunds will consider for employment qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws.

*LI-POST",3.6,"Edmunds.com
3.6","Santa Monica, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1966,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
165,Data Quality Analyst Senior,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Purpose of Job
We are currently seeking a talented Data Quality Analyst Senior for the San Antonio Home Office I.

The candidate selected for this position will be part of the Information Sharing team in the Enterprise. The candidate will be responsible to support information sharing initiatives across USAA through data analysis/data quality and ensure critical and sensitive data is shared in accordance with information sharing standard, processes and procedures.

Manages and analyzes information using a variety of techniques and tools in alignment with USAA's Enterprise Information Standards. This role may be responsible for one or more information management function noted below:
Metadata includes defining and documenting data ensuring the information is understood. This may include working with project teams or support teams to define, redefine, or continue maintenance of the metadata.

Data Quality includes defining data quality rules ensuring data is measured and trusted. This may include working with project teams to define data quality requirements as well as ensuring ongoing assessments of data quality. Information Lifecycle Management includes archiving and purging of data to meet the needs of the business while reducing corporate risk.

Data Security and Privacy includes managing the security of data access as well as privacy of data sharing in compliance with external regulations and internal policies. This may include working with other departments to ensure compliance to GBLA, FCRA, PCI DSS, etc.

Master Data and Reference Data includes managing key corporate data to ensure the organization can manage its operations with accurate and consistent information.
Job Requirements


About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

USAA Careers - Award Winning Workplace (17 seconds)

USAA Careers World Class Benefits (31 seconds)

Tasks:
Leverages advance data management knowledge to support in one or many of the information management functions.
Tasks may include any of the items noted below:

General
Identify and implement process improvements
Lead discussions with cross-functional teams.
Align best practices and tools based on business needs.

Metadata and Data Quality
Support metadata repository maintenance, access requests, and proper metadata association
Review, validate, and record metadata and data quality information.
Development of definitions, data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics of quality for data elements that support critical business processes.
Development of controls to mitigate data quality risks including data quality plan development, monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards, as appropriate.
Identify and maintain data quality corrective action plans.
Support compliance assessment process by reviewing and documenting failures from data quality compliance assessment checks.

Information Lifecycle Management
Support archiving and purging activities of data
Develop archiving and purging strategies and processes
Support compliance assessment process by identifying and escalating items that may be a risk to the corporation.

Data Security and Privacy
Manage Data Access security as needed
Support Privacy initiatives through analysis of sensitive data
Ensure sensitive data is accessed and shared in accordance to defined policies and processes.

Master and Reference Data
Recommend Master and Reference Data processes and procedures to align with Enterprise Policies and Standards
Create and maintain reference data in accordance to defined processes and procedures.
Manage quality and maintenance of master data as it is created
Minimum Education:
Bachelor's Degree in a Business or Science discipline.
4 years work experience in data management, data quality or business applications function or related experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree in addition to the minimum years of work experience required.
OR
A Master's Degree in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline.
OR
A PhD in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline
Minimum Experience:
6 or more years of experience in one or more information management functions below and any relevant tools
Metadata
Data Quality including metrics, dashboards, advance knowledge of frequency and duplicate analysis, cross dataset dependencies, orphan `child data' rows, redundancy analysis, etc.
Information Lifecycle Management including archiving, purging, content and document management
Master and Reference Data
Data Security & Privacy
OR
Master's Degree in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline PLUS 4 or more years of experience in a data management/quality analytic function.
OR
Master's Degree and PhD in a Business or Science discipline or a related discipline and 3 or more years experience in a data management/quality analytic function.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge of Information Analyzer a plus.
Knowledge working to meet regulatory and or compliance requirements
Knowledge of IT functions
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement) or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 10/04/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.",3.6,"USAA
3.6","San Antonio, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1922,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
166,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Big Health, our purpose is to help millions back to good mental health. Our “digital therapeutics” - Daylight™, for worry & anxiety, and Sleepio™, for poor sleep - are fully automated cognitive and behavioral programs that are as scalable and clinically validated as drugs. Our software combines the intimacy of the human voice, engaging animation, and clinically rigorous techniques to help people overcome their mental health challenges. Big Health’s products are backed by 50 published clinical papers including 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and are cited in leading clinical guidelines including the American College of Physicians and NICE. Today, over 12 million people worldwide have reimbursed access to Big Health’s products, via leading employers in the US and the UK’s NHS.

As an Analyst at Big Health, you will develop a definitive knowledge of user data for our products and use that knowledge to answer big-picture questions about how people interact with our products and what outcomes they achieve. Your work will ensure our products reach the people who need them, inform decisions all the way up to the executive level, and keep us ahead of the curve by identifying the metrics that matter.
Responsibilities and Outcomes
Provide accurate reporting on user engagement and behavior to internal consumers company-wide.
Consolidate frequent requests into dashboards and other on-demand resources.
Help the Customer Success and Sales teams make their cases with compelling quantitative claims and sound supporting evidence.
Identify trends in client, end user, and marketing data that make the Customer Success team more effective at driving adoption of our products. Write scripts that automate regular reporting to clients and partners.
Develop engaging ways to depict and present multifaceted outcomes data to clients.
Manage financial datasets and the processes for keeping them up-to-date and accurate.
Core Competencies
You should be able to write complicated SQL queries, be a power user of R or Python for data analysis and manipulation, have some experience with scripting, and have strong skills in Excel/ Google sheets.
Comprehensive data manipulation abilities that allow you to confidently transform data while maintaining its integrity using all the tools listed above.
Exceptional attention to detail - the numbers you share will have a big impact, so you will need to be sure that they reflect what you intend.
Strong communication and presentation skills. Analyzing and compiling data is only the first step - you also need to be able to effectively communicate your findings to the rest of the team (including people who aren’t familiar with data analysis).
Experience with stakeholder management. You will need to juggle diverse requests from across the company, so the ability to set expectations and hit the hard deadlines you agree to is essential.
Life at Big Health
Be part of a team that includes clinical psychologists, software engineers, business leaders and even a former professional magician [shh… it’s a secret].
Surround yourself with the smartest, most enthusiastic and dedicated people you’ll ever meet, but who listen well, learn from their mistakes and when things go wrong, generously pull together to help each other out
Check out our values - they’re a living, breathing part of our culture
Enjoy benefits including a generous vacation policy, professional development fund, flexible working locations and more.
Competitive salary packages including stock options.
Because we are on a mission to bring millions back to good mental health, we believe it’s essential to reflect the diversity of those we intend to serve. We’re an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building a culturally and experientially diverse team that leads with empathy and respect. Additionally, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance",4.9,"Big Health (CA)
4.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
167,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Datadog:

We're on a mission to build the best platform in the world for engineers to understand and scale their systems, applications, and teams. We operate at high scale—trillions of data points per day—providing always-on alerting, metrics visualization, logs, and application tracing for tens of thousands of companies. Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way.

The team:

We are building a first-class Internal Analytics team composed of Data Engineers and Data Analysts. We use cutting-edge data collection, transformation, and analysis tools in order to provide other teams with data that will help them better understand both our customers and our own operations so they can make strategic data-driven decisions.

The opportunity:

As a Data Analyst within the Internal Analytics team, you will help ensure all teams at Datadog have the data they need to drive their projects. You will have a chance to interact with all other departments including other Engineering teams, Product Managers, Designers, Marketing, and Customer Success.

You will:
Contribute to building the data model layer that is used by the whole company to query internal data and analytics
Build actionable data reports and visualizations that will help other teams make strategic decisions
Help product managers, designers, and engineers to understand our products usage and user behaviors, and facilitate data-driven decision making
Help marketing teams optimize their initiatives
Run deep data analyses and investigations
Work to discover how different technologies are being adopted over time by different segments of users
Present findings to team leads and executives
Train other employees to use data to answer questions without assistance
Requirements:
You are a clear, concise communicator that works well with others
You can explain complex datasets to non-technical people in understandable ways
You are able to clean a dataset and conduct a data analysis in Python or similar language
You are fluent with SQL and are able to write complex and performant queries with no assistance
You’ve mastered data analysis and visualization in Looker, Excel, Google Sheets, Tableau and/or similar tools
You have a natural curiosity and investigative mindset - driven to know “why”
You want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment and thrive on both autonomy and collaboration
2+ years of professional experience
Bonus points:
You are familiar with Spark and/or Hadoop
You have some experience with data stores similar to AWS Redshift or S3
You are familiar with data storage optimization (keys, schemas, …)",4.1,"Datadog
4.1","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
168,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

Expertise.com connects over 8 million consumers annually to the best local experts in their area, whether they need a dog walker, financial advisor, or wedding photographer. With over 200,000 providers across more than 200 different industries, we dive deep into figuring out what makes a professional the best in their area of expertise and how to help the reader find the professional best for them.

We're looking for a Data Analyst based in the Los Angeles (Encino) area to join full-time. You will be joining Expertise.com at a formative time where there is large amounts of data being gathered (including site analytics, Google rankings, marketing operations, and more), but little of it exposed to the business. You will play a major role in tapping into this data to help shape & define the business strategy and execution plan going forward.

What You’ll Do

Influence business strategy by discovering and exposing compelling data insights
Translate data insights into actionable recommendations, balancing strategic objectives and tactical optimization
Ensure data integrity by testing and comparing similar data sources
Build and refine models to support business growth, such as pricing and forecasting
Consult with business leaders in Sales, Marketing, Operations, Content and other team members, helping define the business strategy

What It’ll Take

2 to 5 plus years of experience in a data-oriented role
Highly skilled in building queries using SQL & analysis in Excel
Experience building visualizations in tools such as Tableau, Qlikview or PowerBI
Experience with Salesforce SOQL (APEX is a plus)
Experience with Python and API creation a plus
Must be intellectually curious, extremely detail oriented and passionate about learning new technologies
A hands-on, team player with a positive outlook, an entrepreneurial spirit, the capacity to thrive in ambiguity, and the willingness to adapt to the needs of the business
Ability to work with diverse remote teams.
B.S. in engineering, economics, applied math, stats or any other quantitative field (preferred)

Who We Are

We’re a small but rapidly growing team driven by a bias-to-action mentality, balanced with a sense of humor.
We love to problem-solve creatively while keeping a sharp focus on the important drivers of the business.
We prioritize relentlessly to ensure that whatever we're working on is vital to our business' growth
We’re results-focused, but not afraid of failure as we lean into change and pursue our goals.
We’re open to new ideas and not afraid to break the status quo

Powered by JazzHR

IaAChcvYfa",-1,Expertise LLC,"Los Angeles, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Contract,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
169,Programmatic Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"About this Role


We are seeking a Programmatic Data Analyst to join the Fandom Revenue Operations team. The ideal candidate will have a passion for generating quantitative analysis and insights that will drive global programmatic revenue. This role reports to the Director of Revenue Strategy which oversees cross channel yield at Fandom. The role will be focused on improving measurement and refinement of collected data and analysis and make a significant contribution to how Fandom's programmatic inventory is measured, analyzed, and monetized.

You Will...
Own and deliver daily, weekly, monthly programmatic business reporting supporting Sales, Finance, and Executive management
Build, maintain, and monitor key revenue and monetization metrics dashboards
Assist with the development of existing and new reporting tools and resources
Streamline the current reporting process to drive improved yield management insights
Consistently analyze partner performance, optimize as necessary, assist Programmatic Sales with partner insights and deals.
Provide regional inventory and revenue analysis to direct tactical execution of monetization strategies across North America, EMEA and APAC
Contribute to the overall development and implementation of our evolving revenue strategy
You Have...
BA/BS degree in a quantitative/problem-solving discipline (or equivalent training and experience)
2+ years experience in programmatic advertising or programmatic ad tech.
A desire to work on advertising challenges that require flexibility in approach -- everything from on-the-fly analytics to statistics, big data, machine learning, and mathematical algorithms
High level of proficiency in Microsoft Excel (e.g. pivot tables, advanced formulas and lookups); Google Sheets proficiency
Strong interpersonal and communication skills and an ability to collaborate cross functionally with multiple stakeholders across different time zones
Strong organizational skills and a very high degree of attention to detail
Ability to work independently and drive projects to completion in a fast-paced environment
Bonus Points if You Have...
BI and query tools experience, including SQL, Amazon Athena, Tableau, Mode
Experience with log-level data analysis of programmatic media
Experience working with Data engineering teams and/or experience with ETL processes
Benefits & Perks
Stock options
Training based on business needs
Flexible working hours
Open, energetic and fan-focused, international work environment
Miscellaneous perks such as wellness programs, swag, etc.
About Fandom


Fandom is a global entertainment media brand powered by fan passion. The fan-trusted source in entertainment, Fandom provides a home to explore, contribute to, and celebrate the world of pop culture. Whether looking for in-depth information on favorite fandoms or what's buzzing in entertainment, Fandom has your pop culture curiosities covered through fan-expert knowledge and carefully curated and fun, original multi-platform content.

Fandom has a global audience of almost 300 million monthly unique users and encompasses over 400,000 fan communities. We currently feature more than 55 million pages of content, inclusive of video.

Fandom is an Equal Opportunity Employer

San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance Police Code, Article 49",2.5,"Fandom
2.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Private,News Outlet,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
170,DATA ANALYST - SENIOR,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Job Description
Type of Opportunity: Full Time
FTE: 1.000000
Exempt: Yes
Work Schedule: Days

Summary:
Provide reporting/analytics and statistical expertise for development of accurate solutions based on business needs. Analyze and synthesize related and seemingly unrelated data into an audience appropriate story to support the business initiatives, accreditation, and regulatory compliance. Act as a data steward and maintain the analytical foundation through business definitions and design of data marts to ensure integrity and reliability of analytics. Serve as a liaison with internal business units and external entities in support of reporting/analytics.

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities:
Project Management and Execution:
Make prioritization decisions concerning individual or team tasks and assignments, maintain communications with customers to manage expectations, and escalates appropriately to management
Interface with internal business units and external entities (i.e. vendors, regulatory agencies) to manage requirements gathering, maintain work plan, coordinate activities, maintain effective communication in support of reporting/analytics
Manage customer requirements and identify most efficient and accurate approach to structuring solutions to complex reporting/analytics needs
Present, process, analyze, interpret, and assess impact to internal and external stakeholders for cross-departmental or enterprise initiatives that are accurate, complete, timely, and effective in support of business initiatives, accreditation, and regulatory compliance
Discern patterns and correlate diverse set of information, conceptualize and then translate ideas from abstract to concrete, determine appropriate level to conduct analysis, and navigate efficiently between levels of detail to transform data into an audience appropriate story that can be used to support business decisions, identify solutions to problems, or answer questions
Maintain reporting/analytics foundation through coordination of business definitions, data marts and BI tools (i.e. BO), translation into technical requirements, annual maintenance for any updates, and testing to ensure accuracy
Review data provided by the business operator and manage execution of reporting/analysis, perform interpretations and conclusions, and prepare recommendations
Accurately interpret, understand, evaluate, select, and recommend appropriate alternate reporting/analytics that are innovative and sophisticated achieving quality and work/process improvements to support the business decision
Validate reports/analysis to ensure accuracy via comparison to internal and external benchmarks and use of peer review as appropriate
Act as a data steward maintaining and ensuring data integrity; manage research concerning data anomalies, work with other departments to identify solution or workaround, and communicate outcomes and impacts to other departments as appropriate
Perform, monitor and manage other ad-hoc/ advance reporting/analytics functions as and when required
Training and Guidance:
Serve as a resource/educator to internal/external customers and peers regarding appropriate use of data and BI tools ensuring accurate and advanced understanding/use of reports/analytics/data and increase technical capability of tools
Perform audit and monitor progress of team members supporting the reporting/analytics process and providing feedback to manager
Assist managers in determining the best content to share with others; support other team members in knowledge sharing best practices
Responsible for the work flow of the analytics associates ensuring reliability, integrity, and timeliness of end products
Coach and assist team members to ensure continuous development
Thought Leadership:
Participate in developing presentations/publications/point-of-views with senior leadership within the Analytical Organization (AO)
Contribute towards and assist senior leadership in developing a year-end value story to demonstrate value of the team and their contribution to progress towards the AO's and PHS's goals.
Qualifications:

Other information:
Bachelors in a data and analytics affiliate field such as Business Statistics and Analysis, Business Administration, Finance, Information Systems, Computer Science or related. Four or more years of experience in data compilation, reporting and analytics utilizing data and analytics tools. Demonstrated skills in leading a team through standard processes or projects. Must demonstrate strong analytical skills/capabilities and communication skills (verbal and written). Strong working knowledge and/or experience with Microsoft Office products and other analytical tools such as SAS, Business Objects, Tableau etc. Prior Business Objects, relational databases, and health care experience preferred. Excellent written and oral communications is a MUST.

Education:
Essential:
Bachelor Degree
Preferred Qualifications:
Epic Certified in Clarity
Experience with Tableau
Competencies and skills:
Essential:
Analytics skills
SKILL-Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively in person and via telephone with members, employer groups, brokers, physicians, and physician office staff using strong dialogue and customer service competencies.
SKILL-Written communication
Nonessential:
Planning and coordinating organizational change
Anticipating & Addressing Customer Needs
Educating Employees, Customers & Transferring Knowledge
Functioning as an Effective Contingent Member
Diagnosing & Resolving Problems
Acquiring & Applying Superior Skills to achieve Quality Outcomes
Functioning as an Effective Team Member
Benefits:

Benefits
Benefits are effective day-one (for .45 FTE and above) and include:

Competitive salaries
Full medical, dental and vision insurance
Flexible spending accounts (FSAs)
Free wellness programs
Paid time off (PTO)
Retirement plans, including matching employer contributions
Continuing education and career development opportunities
Life insurance and short/long term disability programs

About Us
Presbyterian Healthcare Services is a locally owned, not-for-profit healthcare system of nine hospitals, a statewide health plan and a growing multi-specialty medical group. Founded in New Mexico in 1908, it is the state's largest private employer with approximately 11,000 employees.

Presbyterian's story is really the story of the remarkable people who have chosen to work here. Starting with Reverend Cooper who began our journey in 1908, the hard work of thousands of physicians, employees, board members, and other volunteers brought Presbyterian from a tiny tuberculosis sanatorium to a statewide healthcare system, serving more than 700,000 New Mexicans.

We are part of New Mexico's history - and committed to its future. That is why we will continue to work just as hard and care just as deeply to serve New Mexico for years to come.

About New Mexico
New Mexico's unique blend of Spanish, Mexican and Native American influences contribute to a culturally rich lifestyle. Add in Albuquerque's International Balloon Fiesta, Los Alamos' nuclear scientists, Roswell's visitors from outer space, and Santa Fe's artists, and you get an eclectic mix of people, places and experiences that make this state great.

Cities in New Mexico are continually ranked among the nation's best places to work and live by Forbes magazine, Kiplinger's Personal Finance, and other corporate and government relocation managers like Worldwide ERC.

New Mexico offers endless recreational opportunities to explore, and enjoy an active lifestyle. Venture off the beaten path, challenge your body in the elements, or open yourself up to the expansive sky. From hiking, golfing and biking to skiing, snowboarding and boating, it's all available among our beautiful wonders of the west.

AA/EOE/VET/DISABLED. PHS is a drug-free and tobacco-free employer with smoke free campuses.

KM123",3.7,"Rev Hugh Cooper Admin Center
3.7","Albuquerque, NM",-1,10000+ Employees,1908,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
171,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Jackson Family Wines is much more than a family owned wine company. We're risk-taking innovators with a strong belief that quality is paramount. We're always on the lookout for top talent -- individuals who possess a strong work ethic, commitment to quality and share our beliefs in healthy lands and a healthy community. In 2019, we were selected as one of the North Bay Business Journal's Best Places to Work for the fifth year running.

SUMMARY

Data Analyst

The Data Analyst position will capture, manage, analyze, and apply customer knowledge to help Jackson Family Wines win, support and retain customers. To succeed, this person will partner with Direct-to-Consumer teams to define, develop, deliver and support technology solutions that align with department goals and business strategy. This includes capturing customer data from all sources, managing across customer-facing systems and functions as well as partner with Business Analysts to obtain actionable insights.

A successful candidate will have proven experience in producing reporting, dashboards and visualizing insights; expertise in pattern mining and business analytics. This role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data mining and processing along with the creativity to invent and customize as needed.

Responsibilities
Proficient in the analysis, design, development, debugging, and support of data ecosystems including data management, governance, and ETL integration processes to generate insights
Participates in the development of statistical and predictive models and leveraging machine learning algorithms
Take ownership of both recurring/standardized reporting as well as ad hoc projects and requests
Lead the analysis of transactional and customer data, including cross-tabulations and statistical analysis, provide insights into purchasing patterns, develop hypotheses about trends, and translate results into actionable recommendations for business partners
Responsible for business analytics work through all phases, including data quality, data analysis, data visualization, and presentation of results and deliverables
Design and create scalable BI analytic solutions that provide insights into business KPIs. Analytic solutions to cover data acquisition, storage in data warehouse, automation, and visualization of insights
Quantify the impact of DTC sales and marketing initiatives on customer success and future behavior
Develop reusable analytics and assets working closely with the Data Warehouse/BI team to ensure scalability of analytical outputs
Build relationships with customers and peers and work closely with them to influence the design of acceptable solutions
Qualifications
Ability to operate comfortably, and effectively, in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment
Intermediate to advanced experience with an enterprise reporting/BI platform (Power BI preferred)
Proficient with SQL, creating stored procedures, and data models
Advanced knowledge of relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS)
Proficient at creating, testing and supporting ETL processes with modern integration tools
Experience with R, Python, or similar scripting language
Knowledge of statistical and predictive data models
Ability to work effectively with data, BI developers and consumer research and insights partners to meet the data needs of the business, translating business needs into analytical requirements
Desire to take proactive ownership of the accuracy and timeliness of reported data
Education: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, Economics or related field

Experience: 3-8 years of exemplary experience in a business analyst, data analyst or similar role. Wine industry and/or CPG experience preferred.",3.7,"Jackson Family Wines
3.7","Santa Rosa, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
172,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"BacklotCars is seeking a Data Analyst to join our dynamic Data Operations team. We're an online marketplace for auto dealers and our platform is changing the way dealers buy/sell wholesale vehicles.

This person will partner with all departments to inform and track strategic initiatives with data. You'll move the business forward by working across all parts of the business-including Operations, Product, Tech, and Finance-to make data available and transparent so teams can make data-driven decisions.

What You'll Do:

Inspire and influence a data-driven culture by partnering and collaborating with stakeholders across teams
Leverage data to understand users and their product usage, developing insights that apply to product, marketing, and other business strategy.
Interpret data within the context of business goals and objectives, identify trends, and explore data through a variety of segments and cohorts
Build and maintain clear, concise, and accurate dashboards, standardize data communication processes, and create actionable reports
Improve and automate data tasks and continuously refresh existing data extraction, aggregation, and analytical processes
Partner with executives, product managers, engineers, marketers, designers to translate data insights into smarter decisions and applications.

What You'll Need:

1-3 years experience in product analytics, ETLs, other integrations technologies
Experience or exposure to Domo considered a huge plus
Programming experience highly preferred (Python, Javascript) - external data to augment our processes is frequent and you'll need the tools to harvest your own
Strong critical thinking and logic problem solving skills.
Extensive experience and passion for data, metrics and dashboards visualizations
Highly skilled at writing SQL and experience with SQL backend systems
Strong communication and presentation skills
independent and driven personality.
Degree in a related field or equivalent experience (e.g., Statistics, Economics, Math, Sciences, Engineering)

Why You Want To Work Here:

Cool people, solving cool problems to disrupt the marketplace
We value your input. You will have the opportunity to not only lead the growth on a new market but help us to continually improve our products and solutions
Opportunity to get in on the ""ground floor"" of a growing company

About Us:

BacklotCars is an online marketplace for auto dealers and is changing the way auto dealers buy/sell wholesale vehicles.

Through BacklotCars, auto dealers, auto finance, and rental car companies can transact without having to go to physical auctions. Our end to end solution is truly seamless for dealers, as BacklotCars provides vehicle inspections, transportation, and inventory finance. Our mission is to make wholesale easy so dealers can be more successful

The team at BacklotCars includes professionals from both inside and outside the auto industry, which gives us a unique perspective on its problems and innovative solutions. We blend our deep expertise in the auto industry and technology to modernize auto wholesale.

We were founded in Kansas City and graduated from 500 Startups, a prestigious accelerator in Silicon Valley. Since launching, we've seen tremendous growth and now help dealers buy and sell thousands of cars a month across 25 states. As one of the fastest growing early-stage startups in the region, we've attracted investors from all over the world.

We are looking for individuals who share our growth mindset, and who are ready to execute on ideas that will change an industry. Join us as we keep this expansion rolling.",4.3,"BacklotCars
4.3","Kansas City, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
173,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"EquipmentShare is Hiring a Financial Data Analyst

EquipmentShare is searching for a Data Analyst for the corporate office in Columbia, Missouri to help us drive profitability through data-driven analysis.

About EquipmentShare

EquipmentShare is dedicated to creating a connected jobsite for the modern contractor. We deliver user-friendly technology solutions that help contractors maximize their equipment uptime, reduce risk exposure and increase productivity. EquipmentShare's product offerings include an improved equipment rental experience, fleet tracking and asset management software, hardware security solutions and predictive service and maintenance applications.

EquipmentShare is the fastest-growing, independently owned construction equipment rental company in the country. We serve dozens of markets across the U.S. and are on track to create a national footprint in every major market in the country by the end of 2023. Our branch locations are equipped with a broad range of construction equipment, ranging from 150-foot telescopic booms to 120,000-lb. track excavators.

EquipmentShare's rapid growth goes beyond meeting a demand for equipment rentals in booming new markets. Instead, our mission begins with our rental product, and it's a testimony to our ability to improve industry standards and better serve the customer. Our expansion and customer retention is a validation of strong contractor demand for the smart jobsite technology we've built into our rental fleet. And it's just the beginning of our journey to establishing a global presence.

Your Opportunity to Grow With Us

The EquipmentShare team is a close-knit group of professionals who all share an interest in providing a service and product that improve our customer's experience. Above all, we care about building something people want, and the only way to do that is by assembling a skilled, passionate and talented team. Our mission is to improve productivity and efficiency throughout the entire construction industry, and our people are how we make achieving that goal possible.

We're seeking a Financial Data Analyst who loves a challenge and wants the opportunity to grow with a fast-paced company. Industry competitors often have layers of tenured management that create barriers to career advancement. The opportunity for career growth is unparalleled at EquipmentShare, where you'll find no shortage of challenging yet fulfilling work, chances to build new skills and supportive teammates who will push you to achieve your best.

Primary Responsibilities
Analyze a wide range of data, and turn that data into action, whether that looks like process improvements, best business practices or other data-backed solutions
Use your strong development and analytical skills to solve business problems across the company
Produce reports and models for senior leaders and other key team members
Identify trends, correlations and patterns in data, and present findings to stakeholder
About You

Our mission to change an entire industry is not easily achieved, so we only hire people who are inspired by the goal and up for the challenge. In turn, our employees have every opportunity to grow with us, achieve personal and professional success and enjoy making a tangible difference in an industry that's long been resistant to change.

Skills & Qualifications
Must be qualified to work in the United States - we are not sponsoring any candidates at this time.
2 years of experience in an analysis-focused role
Forecasting, reporting, and analysis experience
You have a proven ability to approach complex problems with curiosity and an analytical mindset.
You roll with the punches and can adapt quickly, manage competing projects and challenge the status quo.
A keen understanding of data interpretation and the ability to swiftly extract key insights
Expert-level Excel skills
SQL experience required
Preferably knowledge of an analytical language like Python, R, SAS, SPSS, etc.
Why We're a Better Place to Work
Competitive salary
Health insurance and medical coverage benefits
401(k)
Generous paid time off
Stocked breakroom and full kitchen
Free weekly team workout at a local gym
Volunteering and local charity initiatives that help you nurture and grow the communities you call home through EquipmentCare
Opportunities for career and professional development with conferences, events, seminars, continued education

Since our founding in 2015, we've had explosive growth—and we're not stopping anytime soon. Ready to invest in our mission, invest in yourself and discover a better place to work? Then we'd love to meet you. Apply today.

EquipmentShare is an EOE M/F/D/V",4.2,"EquipmentShare
4.2","Columbia, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Commercial Equipment Repair & Maintenance,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
174,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Petaluma, CA | Full-Time
Ready to Apply?


Take the next step toward joining our team! Complete your application today.
Apply
We are looking to add a Digital Marketing Analyst to the Nuvolum Team. This person is a self-starter and ready to tackle projects using both quantitative and qualitative data sets. Critical thinking is crucial for success in this role. This person should be a power user of Excel and have experience with data entry, Google Analytics, Facebook ads, YouTube, census data, pivot tables, etc. They should be confident in visualizing, drawing conclusions, and presenting their findings. This person is open to data entry and passionate about accurate results.

The Data Science and Research team at Nuvolum creates all outbound reports to clients as well as provide internal business intelligence. Our motto is “No Data Left Behind!” We are always testing and pivoting what is working, as our industry is constantly changing. Important business decisions are made based on the analysis conducted by this role. Therefore, accuracy and an eye for detail are of the utmost importance.

More About You


You enjoy analyzing data, identifying patterns and trends, and understand digital marketing principles. You know Excel inside and out. The phrase “correlation does not mean causation” excites you, as does “hypothesis, test, pivot, repeat!” You can take complex ideas and present them clearly. You care about the quality of your work and take pride in your efforts to achieve exceptional results.

If this sounds like you, we’d be delighted to meet you (virtually of course). Please include the Nuvolum Data Science and Research team motto in your cover letter to be considered.

About Our Culture


Nuvolum is a full-service, integrated marketing and PR firm that takes pride in everything we do. Our diverse and talented team is inspired to bring ideas forward, keep learning, and provide mutual support. We champion each other’s successes and lean in when challenges need solving. We foster a team atmosphere and friendly environment, so every member can rise to the occasion to meet their potential.

Fine Print


We can only consider applicants with authorization to work in the United States on a permanent, full-time basis. Unfortunately, we cannot provide visa sponsorship.

We invite you to apply to join the team.",4.5,"Nuvolum
4.5","Petaluma, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
175,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"American Credit Acceptance is a fast growing automotive lender with $3,100,000,000 in assets. We are currently seeking a highly skilled, professional Data Analyst to provide critical data reporting & analytics capabilities. This role would analyze complex data structures to generate useful business insights and develop reporting to monitor business critical results. Supports leadership team with data consultation, data gathering, and data analysis.

Quantitative and qualitative analysis; Communicate with business customers to establish data requirements
Create tools or queries to obtain data from central data repository for the purposes of reporting and analysis
Present final analysis to customers
Participate on project teams

Minimum Qualificaitons
Bachelor’s degree
Experience with SQL or similar data querying language
Experience with programming language
Entry-level candidates will be considered
Preferred Qualifications
Degree from an analytical field
1+ Years experience with SQL
1+ Years experience in programming",2.9,"American Credit Acceptance
2.9","Spartanburg, SC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
176,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Love data? Love to make a huge impact? As the Analyst within the Customer Analytics vertical at goPuff, you’ll bring thought-leadership and insights to help optimize many aspects of our business - from customer acquisition and retention to user behaviors and branding. You’ll help
lead our efforts to use data to understand how to improve all aspects of the customer experience. This role is within our data & analytics team and we’re designed to move fast. You’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact as the future success of goPuff will depend
on the insights we derive from our data.

Help drive analytics for the Customer side of the business - including marketing analytics, site analytics, merchandising, pricing and promotions, and more.
Bring your unique data perspective and proven experience and hit the ground running as an analytical thought leader.
Obtain a deep understanding of the business drivers through data exploration, and make recommendations to optimize performance and deepen our understanding of customer behaviors
Perform deep-dives to analyze problems, identify opportunities and suggest experiments based on findings
Own data accuracy and integrity
Partner with other Analytics team members, Product Management, Engineering, and other functions to identify opportunities, propose solutions, and share insights - ensuring consistency of data-driven decision-making throughout the org

2+ years of experience in analytics or data science - preferably in fields related to marketing, digital merchandising, or consumer product
Bachelors in Business, Statistics, Engineering, or other quantitative discipline
Expert in SQL and database table design - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Proficiency in R or Python
A deep understanding of statistical analysis and experiment design
Experience in data warehousing concepts, big data technologies, and analytics platforms
Development experience with BI platforms such as Looker, Tableau, PeriscopeData
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Experience managing multiple cross-functional stakeholders
Experience collecting business requirements and working with engineering teams to implement marketing data pipelines
Top-notch organizational skills and ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Move fast, be a team player, always be learning and give back",3.9,"ORS Partners
3.9",Pennsylvania,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
177,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview:

Total Solutions, Inc. (TSI) is looking for a qualified Data Analyst-Level 1 to provide Advisory and Assistance Services (A&AS) to a Department of Defense (DoD) medical agency.

Location: Eglin Air Force Base, Florida

JOB DESCRIPTION:

Coordinates with the civilian facility business office to establish a workflow to receive workload performed by military providers/surgeons monthly
Coordinates with the military providers/surgeons working at civilian facilities to collect data monthly.
Coordinates with clinical coding to receive associated CPT codes for all of the providers/surgeons procedures.
Documents all information collected on the AFMRA External Workload Capture Form and submit to AFMRA/SGAR no later than (NLT) the 15th of the following month. For example, procedures performed during Oct 2020 would be submitted to AFMRA/SGAR NLT 15 Nov 2020. Once the workflow is established, a flat file from the civilian facility may be submitted in lieu of the AFMRA External Workload Capture Form NLT the 15th of the following month after it has been screened for all applicable data.
Coordinates with the MTF Resource Management Office (RMO) to determine the workspace within the MTF. Ensure labor hours are correctly reported in Defense Medical Human Resources System internet (DMHRSi) for support to the MTF as indicated by the RMO staff.
Coordinates between the providers/surgeons working at the civilian facility and the RMO staff to ensure labor hours are reported accurately in DMHRSi. A unique DMHRSi labor codes FALF for CONUS locations and FALO for OCONUS locations were created to report providers/surgeons time when working at the civilian facility.
The data analysts shall collect all procedures being performed at the civilian facilities by military providers/surgeons, coordinate with clinical coding to list applicable current procedural terminology (CPT) codes, and document the information on the External Workload Capture Form

DEGREE/EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT:

Associate’s Degree in a business or related field (e.g. business management, computer information systems, healthcare, and health management).

REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:

Must be able to communicate the English language clearly, both orally and in writing.
Demonstrated experience prioritizing and multitasking to meet deadlines, as required
Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of Military Health System (MHS) guidelines
Must have a Tier 1 investigation accomplished prior to beginning work.",4.1,"Total Solutions, Inc.
4.1","Eglin AFB, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
178,"Enterprise Data, Financial Data Analyst - Content Design Specialist Contractor",$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"We're Bloomberg Enterprise Data - fast paced, innovative and expanding. We have worked hard and smart to become the $1bn business we are today. We partner closely with our clients, taking time to understand their unique businesses and individual data and technology needs. Our endless selection of datasets, covering all asset types, with multiple delivery technologies and flexible scheduling mean our clients are able to get exactly the data they need, when they need it, in the format they prefer. Without us, they simply can't operate.

What's the role?
In this role you will be working with the Bloomberg Enterprise Data Product Management Team specifically on Reference, Regulatory, Alternative and Pricing Data. We are constantly improving our products, to make them more feature rich and application ready, whilst reducing the total cost of ownership. Product Managers have a high level of business, communication, and technology skills, so that they can create working prototypes, specify Engineering tasks, and work effectively with Sales and Clients.

You will design, specify, and create prototypes of large and varied data models and data sets, both financial and non-financial, using a wide range of tools, methods and platforms.
We expect you to evaluate areas of interest, understand what is possible and commercially viable, recognize which models and concepts should be applied, and how the data resources should be acquired. An open, creative approach is critical to your success.

Whilst designing data for diverse addressable markets, you will explore and work with a wide range of data, and apply existing methods or develop new methods. You will also engage in data analysis in a practical way, convince business leaders that your results are worth investing in and educate other analysts and business team members.

Most critically, you will deliver the output of your data design to business users (both non-technical and technical) and will be a key person in shaping the product offering and the customer experience.

We'll trust you to

Operate in an influential business role within a fast growing area.
Design and specify commercially attractive products.
Grow your business and technology skills.
Understand addressable markets.
Evaluate what is possible and viable.
Take responsibility for the Data Architecture of multiple data sets.
Work with Engineering, Product Managers, Sales, and Clients.
You'll need to have:
Experience with financial data
Familiar with specifying and using large structured data and data sets to solve complex business demands
Experience in working with Global Teams, across Sales, Technology, Operations and customers
The ability to address multiple priorities in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Legal authorization to work full-time in the United States and will not require visa sponsorship now or in the future
If this sounds like you:Apply if you think we're a good match! We'll get in touch to let you know what the next steps are, but in the meantime feel free to have a look at this:https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/solution/data-and-content We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.9,"Bloomberg
3.9","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1981,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
179,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Optimove is the Science-First Relationship Marketing Hub. Were obsessed with what drives customer behavior and strive to provide our clients the solution to foster long-lasting customer relationships.
The Data Analyst position is the perfect role for an entry-level engineer whos looking to get their feet wet in the world of data science. You report to the Director of Data Science and interface directly with clients data science teams across business verticals. Your core responsibilities involve playing an active role in collaborating with internal teams to construct Optimoves tailored predictive models for our clients. The ideal candidate is a SQL whiz with a strong work ethic, robust analytical and technical capabilities and highly effective time management skills. We are looking for a master multi-tasker that thrives in challenging, fast-paced environments with agility and ease. The Data Analyst is an integral part of the Analytics team and the position is one that brings with it an excellent opportunity to learn and grow within a rapidly expanding company.
Responsibilities:
Conducting consumer data research and analytics
Working with customer-centric algorithm models and tailoring them to each customer as required
Presenting complexed analysis to clients
Extracting actionable insights from large databases



Requirements:
B.Sc in Engineering, Computer Science, Data Science, or similar major
Experience or undergraduate courses focused on SQL and Excel
Exceptional work ethic with outstanding technical skills
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Strong communication skills
Please note that we are unable to provide sponsorship for this position
Optimove is an equal opportunity employer. Two thirds of our managers were promoted from within. If youre looking to develop your career, get acknowledged for your efforts, and work with dedicated people who love what they do, youve come to the right place.",3.7,"Optimove
3.7","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
180,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Foundation Finance:

Foundation Finance Company (FFC) is one of the fastest-growing consumer finance companies in the U.S. We work with home improvement contractors nationwide to help them close more sales through the use of flexible financing plans. FFC's full-spectrum lending approach has driven billions in originations and helped many customers make needed improvements to their homes. We're making big investments in both infrastructure and employee talent to keep up with our growth, so the time is right to join our team! It's a fast-paced environment with room to advance. We offer a competitive salary, medical/dental/vision benefits, 401(k) with company match, a casual dress work environment and much, much, more.

To learn more, check us out on Facebook at ""Foundation Finance Company Careers."" If you think you have what it takes to help our team succeed then apply today!

Data Analyst Description & Duties:

We are looking for a strong analyst to help drive profitable growth by leveraging data and analytics. This is a hands-on role requiring technical skills to query and manipulate data to develop data-driven reports and recommendations. The analyst will have a wide range of exposure to loan originations and servicing areas in consumer lending. The analyst will on a regular basis present reports, findings and recommendations to senior management to improve business strategies and practices

Duties may include, but are not limited to:
Dive into data and quickly become an expert on internal and non-traditional data sets. Maintain data and file integrity. Improve existing data query scripts and develop new ones as needed.
Create user-friendly reports and Tableau visualizations for staff and management. Enhance existing and build new Tableau dashboards as needed.
Track, review, manage and audit software development projects, particularly from database access and usage perspectives.
Work with staff, managers and executives on analytic projects and develop data-driven solutions and recommendations.
The Ideal Candidate:

Applicants must be reliable, dynamic, sociable and enthusiastic team players; while possessing a positive ""can-do"" attitude, excellent judgement and communication skills. Applicants must also have great attention to detail and ability to multi-task under the stress of deadlines with a strong desire to help the organization succeed.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Business, Economics or related field.
Hands-on familiarity with SQL data querying, coding experience and understanding of basic coding syntax.
Advanced Excel skills to create/edit pivot tables, understand/create/manipulate database formulas, create/modify macros (VBA knowledge preferred), adjust formatting to create professional reports.
Advanced data visualization skills, preferably with Tableau.
Must have the ability to research, think through and solve technical and analytic problems.
Strong communication skills, attention to detail, analytical curiosity is required.
Working Conditions:

Office environment with significant time spent sitting, typing and talking on the telephone.

Foundation Finance Company provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",4.8,"Foundation Finance
4.8","Weston, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
181,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Essen Health Care is an integrated healthcare delivery organization that provides high quality, compassionate, and accessible medical care to many of the most under-served residents of New York State. Guided by a population health model of care delivery, Essen’s patient-centric approach is focused on meeting patient needs in all care settings. Founded in 1999, Essen clinicians provide care in all five boroughs of New York City. With 150 primary and specialty care physicians and almost 100 advanced clinicians, Essen Health Care is one of the largest, most comprehensive private medical groups in New York City, and is recognized for excellence in patient satisfaction and clinical care. With five clinical divisions, patient care is provided in medical offices, 16 urgent care centers, hospitals, and nursing homes, as well as directly to patients in their homes. The Care Management division cares for the community by addressing social determinants of health through RNs, care managers and care coordinators. Essen clinicians provide quality care for nearly 30,000 patient lives across our five clinical divisions. Essen was one of the initial practices to have achieved ‘Level 3 Patient Centered Medical Home’ designation in New York by the National Committee for Quality Assurance. In 2018, Essen Health Care was nominated for the Heritage Innovation Award. Essen continues to expand and grow in the five boroughs while extending its breadth of services and continuing to provide the communities with leading edge care.

Essen is currently seeking a Full-time Data Analyst for our IT Department. The selected candidate will be responsible for gathering and analyzing healthcare data from multiple sources (e.g. insurance processing, clinical operations, and patient behavior) to extract trends and business insights. Then evaluates encounter data and identifies errors created by operational processes, claims and eligibility processes. Must research the analysis and categorize the encounter. The primary responsibility for this position is to fully support the ongoing healthcare business intelligence and data analytics objectives. To succeed in this role, you should be analytical, resourceful and works under moderate supervision.

Essen is seeking an individual who is skilled in the use of Power BI, Excel, SharePoint and SQL databases for data analysis with scripting via Python.

The selected candidate will be responsible to perform daily Physicians duties including but not limited to:

Provides consulting and analytic services to leadership, operations and finance.
Monitors encounter data from various databases and creates monthly, quarterly and ad-hoc reports
Deliver reports in pre-defined formats based on submitted and agreed upon requirements
Analyze, present and explain information in accessible and actionable way (i.e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data)
Summarizes large volumes of encounter data in analytical reports that include tables and graphs for management review and use
Reviews and ensures accuracy of all ad-hoc and automated reports and corrects discrepancies
Programs using Excel and SQL or other appropriate software to generate reports based on input/direction from management and other report users
Collaborates with other departments and vendors to identify missing data, errors or other anomalies; works with them to correct these encounter data errors, gather necessary information and provide guidance on regulatory reporting needs
Building models and analyzing data to discover discrepancies and patterns
Pull and integrate data from disparate sources (i.e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data)
Collaborate with management and internal teams to implement and evaluate improvements
Expert knowledge of MS Excel
Strong knowledge of SQL – Formulate analytic questions as database queries
Strong hands-on familiarity with eClinicalWorks (ECW)

The successful candidate will have the following Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in health services research, actuarial science, statistics, or economics OR minimum four (4) years of data analyst or related experience, including proficiency with analytical software.
At least 1-year experience Data Mining complex sets and formulating custom reports.
Experience performing data analysis from ECW, Claims, Rosters, etc. in a health care or health plan organization, required.
Formal informatics training a plus.
Strong analytic and reporting skills required.
Effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills required.

ESSEN HEALTH CARE IS PROUD TO BE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

Essen Health care is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we seek candidates who desire to work in and serve an ethnically diverse population.",3.0,"Essen Health Care
3.0","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
182,Data Validation Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"You’re not likely to find another company like Vermeer. Our people are from all walks of life in locations around the world, rolling up our sleeves and getting tough work done every day. Together. We’re a family-owned and operated company with an unmatched culture, one that is built on the belief that every Vermeer team member has real, personal impact – on our people, our customers and our world. Whoever you are and where you are in your career, Vermeer helps you be Equipped to Do More®.

Job Summary

Work Shift

1 - First ShiftThe Data Validation Analyst interprets, extracts, analyzes, compiles, and audits product and customer data. This position ensures the data adheres to high quality standards (accuracy, validity, completeness) for use throughout the company’s enterprise, including dissemination and use by internal users, dealers, subsidiaries and retail customers, as well as governmental regulatory reporting.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

1. Demonstrate the Vermeer characteristics of caring culture, demonstrating agility, customer focused, and stewardship and model the associated behaviors.

2. Interpret, extract, analyze and compile data; audit data for adherence to the organization’s data quality and integrity standards.

3. Create, execute and archive product-related documents for global product enterprise compliance by establishing a variety of queries, reports in required formats and processes across multiple applications including recordkeeping, source data archiving and/or potential regulatory audits.

4. Create, execute and archive product safety field campaign notices by establishing queries and reports, drafting service bulletins, customer notifications and parts coordination using multiple processes and applications.

5. Understand complex business requirements and data integrity in order to analyze, create, implement and maintain data in response to company initiatives, regulatory changes, or as new information systems necessitate the demand.

6. Audit, cleanse, update and transform the data to maintain data integrity using various methods and tools.

7. Respond to requests from customers and dealers relating to a multitude of inquiries, including product compliance regulatory documents.

Education and/or Experience

- 4-year college degree in Business Information, Administration, Management or related field.

- Minimum of 2 years’ experience in data processing and data analytics.

Other Skills and Abilities

- Demonstrate ability to analyze and evaluate complex data and communicate data issues or non-conformance with internal personnel, dealers, retail customers and others and follow through on resolving data issues discovered to ensure accurate, validated, quality data is available for dissemination through the company’s global enterprise, including dealers and subsidiaries following company’s and regulated security protocols.

- Demonstrate attention to detail and a high sense of accuracy; ability to create accurate, professional and error-free documents in multiple formats—Excel, Access, Word, etc., in a timely manner.

- Ability to identify complex root cause analysis and propose potential resolutions to cleanse and maintain the data by updating, transforming and archiving data.

- Display focus for prompt customer satisfaction and demonstrates excellent customer service skills.

- Demonstrate good oral and written communication skills with the ability to communicate and provide informative, courteous and professional assistance to a variety of customers (retail customers, dealers, co-workers, subsidiaries, public) to present Vermeer brand expectations while fulfilling a variety of reports, government regulated documents and data, and related tasks.

- Ability to balance multiple assignments by planning and prioritizing responsibilities while supporting a variety of internal team members as well as the enterprise, while meeting established deadlines.

- Ability to gain knowledge of current, developing and new applications, product safety field campaigns, global mass mailings and specialized product governmental regulatory documentation.

- Ability to maintain positive interpersonal relationships which encourage openness with customers and peers.

- Knowledge or ability to learn company's product lines and dealer organizations. Possess a strong understanding of the company’s current and historical global products and services as the knowledge is acquired.

- Demonstrate self-initiative with the ability to effectively execute tasks, manage time and resources with minimal supervision.

Travel

Up to 5% domestic and/or international travel by car or plane may be required.

*LI-DD1

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or veteran status. Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation due to a disability at any stage of the employment application process should contact Team Member Solutions in human resources at (641) 621-8767 or at hr@vermeer.com.",4.1,"Vermeer
4.1","Pella, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1948,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
183,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Provide Data Analysis and Management for Hemophilia and Sickle Cell grants.-Provide data management for Hemophilia grant by: entering weekly stats from nursing and social worker, entering patient data into Clinical Manager database, and other hemophilia databases or programs -Provide data management for sickle cell grant by: setting up and maintain database for sickle cell program and entering all nursing and community outreach workers stats on a weekly basis. Provide reports as needed. Enter data on quality improvement projects for Federal Sickle Cell Grant. -The Data Analyst will be responsible for supporting quality improvement efforts, IRB applications, and collecting and submitting data required for program evaluation by the regional collaborative and HRSA for the Federal Sickle Cell Grant. (S) He will attend an annual webinar through the duration of the grant. -The Data Analyst will be responsible for development and maintenance of data capture and data entry tools; data collection; data entry; and preparation of reports, as required-Review database and verifies information in order to ensure accuracy and consistency of reports -Compiles and analyzes information from standardized reports on a monthly/quarterly basis as necessary. -Reports to program manager of sickle cell/hemophilia programs and principal investigator. Prepares reports and analyzes data with PI and program manager. -Provide data management for clinical trials and research projects by entering data and submitting to company/coordinating center as per the protocol. Review database and verifies information in order to ensure accuracy and consistency of reports. Responsible for ensuring integrity of information reported for all sickle cell and hemophilia grant reports Experience in Excel, Access and Microsoft Office required. Experience with database set up management required. Experience with analysis of data required. Experience in a health care setting preferred. Experience abstracting data from Electronic Medical Records. Attention to detail and ability to track and organize multiple projects.RWJBarnabas Health is an",3.7,"RWJBarnabas Health
3.7","Newark, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1982,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
184,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you interested in applying your analytical and mathematical concepts expertise to further your career? Do you enjoy working in a collaborative, fun environment where success is rewarded?

Join us as Data Analyst where you will be responsible for leading analytics initiatives, provide expertise on mathematical concepts, and collaborate with other departments to identify and prioritize actionable insights. This role will perform analysis and provide reporting through Excel and dashboards within the credit union to support recommendations made to Senior Management. Qualified applicants will have to be able to communicate complex ideas to nontechnical stakeholders in a way they can easily understand. This position will also assist in implementing a data driven culture, single source of truth, and effective data governance.

Pay: Salaried position. Based on experience.

Hours: Full time, Monday – Friday, 8:30 – 5:00

Work location: Portsmouth, NH

The Day to Day:

Design, develop, maintain and evaluate statistical and predictive models to identify historical trends and forecast future performance.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes (CECL, members behavior, charge-offs, share of wallet, members lifetime value, etc.).
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance.
Proactively develop/evaluate ROI analysis on every promotional campaigns as well as credit union products and services.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of all data sources and data gathering techniques for various type of analyses.

We Can Offer You:

Training to support your career goals.The chance to make a difference in your community, through day-to-day interactions and volunteerism.
Career growth opportunities.
Paid vacation and holidays.
Comprehensive medical/dental/life benefits.
401(k) plan.
Tuition assistance.

Experience and Qualifications:

Master’s degree in Math, Statistics, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, or Business is required.
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role working with large data sets and/or other practical analysis skills.
Strong working knowledge of and experience with business intelligence tools (Spotfire, Tableau, Power BI, etc.) and databases (SQL, etc.).
Knowledge of statistics techniques (regressions, tree-based, etc.) and advanced experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, Access, Python, R, etc.).
Understanding of data infrastructure and ETL frameworks.
Adept knowledge of financial statements and supporting schedule components.
Ability to organize and manipulate large data sets to extrapolate conclusions.

Physical Requirements:

Ability to stand for up to 2 hours.
Ability to lift boxes up to 20 pounds.
Ability to use computers for up to 8 hours.
Ability to travel to other work locations as required, if needed.

If you are looking for an exciting career, Service Credit Union is the place! Join us today!

Equal Opportunity Employer",3.4,"Service Credit Union
3.4","Portsmouth, NH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1957,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
185,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title
Data Analyst
Job Description


In this role, you have the opportunity to

This role serves R&D in the areas of Portfolio Management data analytics. This position is needed to support the deployment and execution of the I2M Portfolio Management Process and support the tools, analytics, and KPIs related to portfolio management.

This role will initially be based in our Monroeville office. Philips will be relocatingthis office to a new site in Bakery Square, one of the premier locations in Pittsburgh. This is a very exciting time to be joining Philips, as this new location will be the Sleep & Respiratory Center of Excellence. The new office is set to open in late 2020.

US work authorization is a precondition of employment. The company will not consider candidates who require sponsorship for a work-authorized visa.

Company relocation benefits will not be provided for this position. Candidates need to live within commuting distance to this office.

You are responsible for
Philips Integrated Landscape (PIL) Tools Superuser: represent business on tooling reference boards; lead deployment of tool developments across business
Portfolio Data Integrity: monitor and ensure that portfolio, program and project data are entered correctly in PIL tools
Data Analytics and Performance Management: monitor and report on performance and corporate KPIs; Close the loop to ensure we are addressing poor performance and RED KPIs
Generate timely data to ensure we are able to maintain process key performance indicators, portfolio health KPIs, resource capacity, budget adherence, schedule adherence, and business case evaluation
You are a part of

This position resides in the Sleep & Respiratory Care Business Group, a business group of Philips HealthTech. We are highly dynamic, ambitious and agile within a fast-changing industry. Our vision is to work hand-in-hand with our clinical and consumer customers to transform the personalized healthcare market to meet the significant demands caused by the increase of chronic conditions and an aging society. Our mission is to improve the quality of life for consumers and patients through better awareness, diagnosis, treatment, monitoring, and management of their conditions.

To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience
Bachelor’s Degree in technical areas such as Engineering, Computers, Math, Physics
5+ years experience in data and statistical analysis
Database management experience
Change management experience
Expert user of MS Office tools, Planisware, Clarity, Qlikview, Accolade, VPCOnline, SAP
In return, we offer you

The Opportunity to sharpen your talents with new challenges in our dynamic organization. As a market-driven company, we are used to listening to our customers & apply the same thinking to our employees. We offer a competitive salary, outstanding benefits and flexibility in a career with a positive and supportive atmosphere in which to develop your talents further

Why should you join Philips?

Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways. Learn more by watching this video.

To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions.

It is the policy of Philips to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, pregnancy/childbirth, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability or perceived disability, genetic information, citizenship, veteran or military status or a person’s relationship or association with a protected veteran, including spouses and other family members, marital or domestic partner status, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact 888-367-7223, option 5, for assistance.

Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran

#LI-PH1

Contact


If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it.

If you have any other questions regarding the recruitment process please refer to our FAQs. In case of technical difficulties with the website, please send an email to careersite@philips.com.
(Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.)",3.7,"Philips
3.7","Monroeville, AL",-1,10000+ Employees,1891,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10+ billion (USD),-1
186,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Wits Solutions Inc, a Federal contractor, looking for a Data Analyst @ Washington,DC. Please send across your updated resume to resumes@witssolutions.com if you are comfortable and interested. Thank you.

Job Title: Data Analyst
Duration: Full Time
Location: Washington,DC

EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS MANDATORY :
Associates Degree or equivalent
WORK EXPERIENCE MANDATORY :
DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION Experience
Must have a minimum of 2-3 years of experience as an analyst and must be proficient in the Microsoft Office suite and general information technology systems and communications tools.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES :
Works with minimal direction on analysis assignments; identifies potential problems and solutions through data analysis, reduction,entry
provides technical and administrative assistance to project leaders and program managers.
May include providing administrative support to Tactical Diversion Squads and Diversion Groups as follows
perform a range of general administrative support activities
Develop spreadsheets, tracking databases, reports, and presentations ensuring information is accurate
Support of investigations and projects by researching and consolidating information from various data sources/systems.
Provides technical guidance to other staff members. Performs other duties as assigned.",3.3,"Wits Solutions Inc
3.3","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
187,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are CirrusLabs. Our vision is to become the world’s most sought-after niche digital transformation company that helps customers realize value through innovation. Our mission is to co-create success with our customers, partners and community. Our goal is to enable employees to dream, grow and make things happen. We are committed to excellence. We are a dependable partner organization that delivers on commitments. We strive to maintain integrity with our employees and customers. Every action we take is driven by value. The core of who we are is through our well knit teams and employees.
You are the core of a values driven organization. You have an entrepreneurial spirit. You enjoy working as a part of well-knit teams. You value the team over the individual. You welcome diversity at work and within the greater community. You aren’t afraid to take risks. You appreciate a growth path with your leadership team that journeys how you can grow inside and outside of the organization. You thrive upon continuing education programs that your company sponsors to strengthen your skills and for you to become a thought leader ahead of the industry curve. You are excited about creating change because your skills can help the greater good of every customer, industry and community.

Requirements

Role: Data Analyst
Location: Plano, TX

Duration: Short Term

Job Description

Data Analyst with strong SQL, Python",3.8,"CirrusLabs
3.8","Plano, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
188,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"What you’ll be doing...

The Visible Engineering team is seeking a Data Analyst. You will develop and manage the data governance practice, product optimization, and funnel analytics.
Facilitate implementation, execution, and validation of tagging that supports accurate and reliable data collection.
Perform business analysis using various techniques, e.g. statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, data mining.
Partner with the product, media and engineering team to drive business improvements across the customer experience throughout the product buy flow.
Demonstrate best practices and develop actionable insights and recommendations for current business operations.
Work directly with the internal and external clients to identify analytical requirements and assist with ad hoc reporting.
Assist and demonstrate in implementing or developing systems to capture business operation information.
Conduct analytics deep dive using SQL, Big Query, Adobe Analytics, Salesforce, Tableau and Excel to analyze and visualize customer data in order to produce business insights and reports for the executive leadership team.
What we’re looking for...

You’ll need to have:
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.
Four or more years of relevant work experience.
Even better if you have:
Bachelors or Master’s degree in Statistics, Quantitative methods, Math, Computer Science.
Experience in data analytics or related roles.
Advanced skills in Tealium Tag Manager (GTM) and Adobe Dynamic Tag Manager (DTM).
Advanced level in Tableau, SQL, & Python.
Strong experience in implementing, troubleshooting and managing data tagging 1st and 3rd party tagging solutions.
In-depth knowledge of SEM, performance marketing, click-stream/behavior data tracking.
Proven ability to interact with senior management and clients, understand the corporate strategy, and present actionable findings.
Excellent written, oral communication, and presentation skills. Ability to present complex data reports, financial analyses, and statistics in a simple and clear way.
Ability to successfully manage interaction with internal and external clients and work independently and within a team environment with integrity, professionalism, collaboration, and dependability.
Experience with advanced Google/Adobe Analytics usage, including goal, client, dimension and dashboard creations.
When you join Verizon...

You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.

]]>",3.8,"Verizon
3.8","Piscataway, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,2000,Company - Public,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
189,Data Analyst,$75k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Large online marketplaces like Amazon have trained consumers to expect products to be delivered in two days at no extra cost. As a result, millions of sellers on other marketplaces are falling behind, unable to cost-effectively deliver products to their customers within two days. Deliverr enables any seller, regardless of size, to delight their customers with fast, cost-effective fulfillment.

If you get excited about joining a company on a mission to deliver products anywhere in the world within two days, we're looking for you.

What You'll Do:

Build Critical Data Infrastructure: Design, build, and maintain databases, reports, and analyses for business operations and financial reporting for internal and external parties
Solve Problems: Use data to identify problems, understand causes, and recommend resolutions; execute ad-hoc requests for data insights
Think Strategically: Work with company leadership to develop financial and operating goals and forecasts, plus the right operating cadence to make it all happen
Learn the Business: Be an integral part of both the Data Science and Finance teams and help a fast growing startup scale and mature its finance processes
Make an Impact: Partner with Finance, Data, Eng, Ops, and Growth on key initiatives

What We're Looking For:

4+ years experience in a related role.
Academic background in mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, or engineering; familiarity with finance and accounting concepts highly critical
Fluency in Python, SQL, and / or other similar languages required
Ability to express complex information to both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to work, prioritize, and adapt in a rapid-growth startup
Know the difference between sophisticated and effective
Must be based in North America.",4.8,"Deliverr Inc
4.8",California,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Logistics & Supply Chain,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
190,Senior Data Analyst,$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who We Are

At Christian Care Ministry we believe that Christians can, and should, share in one another's burdens. Through the use of Medi-Share®, a Christian Healthcare Ministry, we cultivate that belief.

The Team

Everyone at Christian Care Ministry agrees to our Statement of Faith which outlines our core beliefs. Although we aren't perfect people, we are serving our perfect God to the best of our ability.

We work hard to serve our members, but know we can only do that if we invest in our employees professionally, financially, physically, and spiritually. Through times of prayer, weekly Chapel services, plenty of professional development, an onsite gym, 401(k) and, great benefits, we purposefully invest in our employees so that our employees can invest in others.

The Role

The Senior Data Analyst conducts statistical analysis and modeling on various datasets across the organization, identifying and presenting actionable analytics and insights to all levels of management. With strong proficiency in several technical coding skillsets, this position is able to write complex, accurate code to extract ministry data for analysis purposes with little supervision. This position also utilizes machine-learning to build models for implementation into production systems that are in line with the business' strategic objectives and values. This role will also demonstrate a good understanding of the business operations and datasets available in the healthcare industry.

In This Role You Will...
Analyze and interprets various types of data across the organization, identifying new metrics for measuring results as well as monitoring current metrics for trends. Ensures that all analysis is actionable for business process owners, enabling leaders of key areas to build, implement and identify solutions to address business performance gaps.
Assists in model development related to pricing and forecasting projects for the ministry.
Support in machine-learning and predictive modeling for various analysis not limited to healthcare cost, care management, sales and marketing, and others as applicable.
Develop and summarize conclusions gained from analyzing data using statistical and visualization tools like Microsoft Excel, SQL, Tableau and others
Builds accurate, complex datasets for use by the ministry, utilizing SQL best practices and adhering to coding standards as set forth by CCM's Data Services team.
Identifies and addresses expected and unforeseen data issues to ensure the accuracy of analytics, ensuring any resulting business decisions are made from accurate findings. In addition, the analyst will work with the data owners/stewards to improve data quality where possible
Effectively communicates and presents relevant findings to all levels of management.
Collaborates effectively inter- and intra-departmentally to assist team in reaching desired outcomes
In This Role You Must Have…
Strong proficiency and knowledge in SQL and Tableau
Strong understanding of modern business analytics technology
Skill in working with large datasets from multiple, seemingly unrelated sources
Advanced Microsoft Office skills including Excel and Powerpoint
Ability to multi-task and work effectively under pressure
Detail-oriented mindset with passion to understand data to ensure accuracy
Ability to effectively and accurately present analytical findings using a variety of tools to senior level management
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to perform complex analysis and make recommendations based on statistical inferences
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to lead in projects and work as a team
Ability to extract internal customer's requirements while assessing if the requested criteria will lead to the expected outcome.
Ability to complete projects on or ahead of schedule
Demonstrated ability to think and work independently
Ability to maintain confidentiality
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in mathematics, economics, information science, engineering, data science or relevant field
2+ years' relevant working experience
Experience working with Healthcare data is required
Experience with statistical modeling tool(s) required",3.3,"Christian Care Ministry
3.3","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Religious Organizations,Non-Profit,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
191,"Analyst, CX Data Science",$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"TriNet is a leading provider of comprehensive human resources solutions for small to midsize businesses (SMBs). We enhance business productivity by enabling our clients to outsource their HR function to one strategic partner and allowing them to focus on operating and growing their core businesses. Our full-service HR solutions include features such as payroll processing, human capital consulting, employment law compliance and employee benefits, including health insurance, retirement plans and workers’ compensation insurance.

TriNet has a nationwide presence and an experienced executive team. Our stock is publicly traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol TNET. If you’re passionate about innovation and making an impact on the large SMB market, come join us as we power our clients’ business success with extraordinary HR.

JOB SUMMARY/OVERVIEW
The Analyst, CX Analytics will be responsible for conducting Voice of the Customer (VOC) analyses, leveraging a wide range of analytical and data visualization tools to uncover and communicate opportunities to improve the customer’s experience.

The CX Analytics team supports business leaders at TriNet in the Customer Experience organization by providing the customer’s perspective throughout all phases of their tenure and ensuring the customer is at the center of the organization’s most critical business decisions.

Leveraging analytical tools such as Qualtrics, Tableau, and SAS, the Voice of the Customer team analyzes customer behavioral data and open-ended customer feedback TriNet receives through various sources, including: Net Promoter surveys, CSAT surveys, website and app intercept feedback, product feedback, customer engagement data, and customer demographic data.

The Analyst, CX Analytics will collaborate with internal business stakeholders to:
• Deliver real-time, actionable customer insights, leveraging all tools and resources available.
• Integrate qualitative and quantitative customer feedback responses with customer behavioral data to address targeted business questions.
• Supporting the Net Promoter System program, including measurement of NPS, analysis of the drivers of NPS, and management of the Closed Loop process.
• Continuously improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the team’s research and analysis methodologies, processes, and deliverables.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES
• Leverages survey, behavioral, demographic, and transactional data to inform stakeholders and strategic decisions.
• Conducts Voice of the Customer research, including text analytics, synthesis of multiple data sources, and ad hoc analyses.
• Ties customer feedback data to customer behavioral data to drive impactful insights and recommendations.
• Effectively translates data into insights by proactively and effectively communicating the “so what” from the data, as well as issues and opportunities exposed by the data.
• Collaborates with key internal partners to identify and understand customers’ underlying needs and implement solutions that address root causes of customer pain points.
• Continuously drives reporting and dashboard improvement by simplifying and automating, where possible.
• Participates in communicating research results to executives and other stakeholders.
• Collaborates cross-functionally with other teams and departments on complex projects.

JOB REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIONS
Education:
• Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university, with a focus in analytics, data science, business or psychology; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
• Professional management certification is a plus.

Experience:
• Minimum 5 years’ related experience in large, multi-national environment, high tech or PEO experience is helpful.
• Regular exposure to complex, cross functional projects in either a project or program management capacity.
• Experience in presenting data visually to tell a clear story.
• Experience in presentation and translation of complex findings into layman’s terms.
• Experience with unstructured data analysis, including text analytics.
• Experience with and understanding of data and analysis tools, including Tableau and SAS.
• Experience with and understanding of various statistical methods.

Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
• Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, particularly Excel and PowerPoint.
• Excellent analytical skills, including strong business acumen.
• Ability to communicate, build trust, and influence employees at all levels of the organization.
• Ability to adapt to a fast paced, continually changing business and work environment while managing multiple priorities.
• A demonstrated commitment to high professional ethical standards and a diverse workplace.

WORK ENVIRONMENT/OTHER INFORMATION (Travel required, physical requirements, on-call schedules, etc.)
• Minimal travel required.
• Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting.
• The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions

Please Note: TriNet reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Position functions and qualifications may vary depending on business necessity.

TriNet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legally protected characteristics. Any applicant with a mental or physical disability who requires an accommodation during the application process should contact recruiting@trinet.com to request such an accommodation.

#LI-AF1",3.3,"TriNet
3.3","Dublin, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
192,Data Analyst,$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst
Location: Washington, DC
Education Required: Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.
Skills Required:

We are seeking highly motivated individuals to support a range of critical and exciting Department of Defense (DoD) and Naval Acquisition projects. Ideal candidates will possess a Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, or related fields and 3+ years of experience, or a Master’s degree in a related field and at least one year of experience.

Successful candidates will also possess the following qualifications:
24 semester hours of quantitative course work (mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, chemistry, etc.)
Experience obtaining, integrating, analyzing, and reporting client data, esp. acquisition data
Ability to apply analytic techniques to define project objectives and strategic direction, resolving complex problems using an in-depth knowledge of analytic methodologies and principles
Strong researching, data gathering, and technical reviews needed to produce written deliverables to include reports, spreadsheets, databases, formal process mapping, and technical designs
Microsoft Access experience
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance
U.S. Citizenship required
Responsibilities:
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings to various levels of government leadership
Develop algorithms for data analysis
Plan and conducts work requiring judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation and/or modification of methodologies and tools
Consult with senior consultants or functional specialists on unusual or complex problems
Assess requirements, determine necessary resources to accomplish task, hypothesize solutions, develop solution, and report findings
Benefits:
We offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. We have an excellent benefits package that includes:
Comprehensive health, dental, life, long and short term disability insurance
100% Company funded Retirement Plans
Generous vacation, holiday and sick pay plans
Tuition assistance

Benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of 30 hours per week.

Tecolote Research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource. Our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need, and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. Apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.",4.0,"Tecolote Research
4.0","Washington, DC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
193,Data Analyst,$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Must speak Mandarin!

Premier Logic is currently seeking a Data Analyst for an exciting role with a top Accounting Advisory company- this position can be done remotely!

Opportunity to work for a great company utilizing business transformation, data analytics & automation.We are looking for someone that has a background in investigations, disputes (litigation, regulatory actions, etc.), or other legal-related consulting. You will be performing on-site data modeling, data migration, writing technical documentation and workflow optimization. Experience in forensics and fraud is a plus.

Must have a strong knowledge and experience in SQL analysis, especially using Microsoft SQL Server.

We prefer candidates who speak Mandarin but would also strongly consider candidates who don't speak Mandarin.

If you are interested in this exciting opportunity- please send me your resume to sarah.groff@premierlogic.com

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.4,"Premier Logic
3.4",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Unknown,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
194,Data Analyst,$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description:

***Note: This is a contingent opportunity***
SNA International seeks a bright, collaborative Data Analyst with a strong work ethic to join our team. SNA International’s team works together in pursuit of the same cause: build a safe and just world by empowering organizations in the use of forensics, biometrics, and identity intelligence.
Qualified candidates will utilize their statistical and analytical skills to conduct full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities, and design. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities. They will also monitor performance documentation, and metrics to identify improvements.
The following list is representative of the types of activities and responsibilities anticipated to be performed, but are not limited to:
Responsibilities:
Interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques.
Develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Support additional activities, functions, or duties, as required.
Minimum Education and Experience Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, or in another field with demonstrable coursework in these areas.
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst.
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (e.g. Business Objects), databases (e.g. SQL), programming (e.g. XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (e.g. Excel, SPSS, SAS)
Possess strong written and verbal communication skills
Proficient in MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Adobe Acrobat
Attention to detail and strong organizational skills
The ability to prioritize job responsibilities in a fast-paced environment while maintaining a focus on excellent customer service is a must.
This position is located in Quantico, Va.
Candidates must be US citizens and able to pass a background check, drug screening, and a polygraph (if required).

Please submit your resume and a cover letter that outlines why you should be considered for this position and position level. Applications without a cover letter will not be considered.

No phone calls

SNA International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.",4.1,"SNA International
4.1","Quantico, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Contract,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
195,Data Analyst,$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Update (Oct. 30): This job is still opening. According to previous screening landscape, good technical skills in data manipulation, especially in SQL, is a must and the client prefer candidates in Bay Area. Thanks!

Title: Data Analyst

Duration: 12 months with good extension possibility (W2 contractor)

Location: Sunnyvale, CA

Analytics team of our client (one in FLAG) leverages big data to develop and deliver data-driven tools, metrics, insights, and ultimately drive the companys monetization efforts. Were looking for a creative and technical candidate who is passionate about mining big data, turning data into insights, and making an impact through creative storytelling and timely actions. This role will be focusing on product security areas.

Responsibilities:
Create and automate reports and dashboards to track business metrics for Security areas
ETL data, clean and validate data when needed
Monitor trend metrics and quickly identify the root cause of anomaly
Analyze and draw insights from data and make recommendations based on the analysis
Develop and improve predictive models to optimize user experience and operational efficiency
Partner with cross-functional teams to lead or contribute to large-scale projects as well as ongoing operational activities
Craft compelling stories, make logical recommendations, drive informed actions
Perform Ad hoc analytics tasks
Required skills and experience:
Strong technical skills: Proficiency with SQL/relational databases (Teradata, Oracle etc.)
Experience in data analysis in Hadoop/HDFS and Hive/Pig
Experience with Python, Javascript or other scripting language, web development a plus
Candidates must have strong business mindset, logical thinking and problem solving skills
Excellent communications skills are required. Candidate must be able to explain complex problems to a variety of audience. Candidate must be able to drive meetings, presentation and lead discussions
2+ years hands-on experience in business analytics
Successful candidate needs to have a strong passion in analytics and curiosity to learn new skills in a fast-paced environment
Preferred Skills:
Experience with Tableau or other visualization tools
Advanced degree in quantitative fields - Computer Science, Engineering, Operational Research, Statistics, Economics, etc.
Powered by JazzHR",4.2,"IntelliPro Group Inc.
4.2","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
196,Data Analyst - YouTube Trust & Safety,$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Google via Webhelp – San Bruno, CA*
YouTube's user base is growing and changing, which presents unique challenges and opportunities to support over a billion users globally. Fast-paced, dynamic, and proactive, the YouTube Trust and Safety team provides scaled support to keep YouTube safe for the 1+ billion viewers, creators, and advertisers. The team provides scaled, effective reporting for the YT trust and safety operations and driving actionable insights for future investments. *
*
The Data Analyst will be responsible for driving the integrity and completion to our most important data set: our Trust and Safety workflow data. You have technical aptitude and are able to handle large data sets with facility, but can also patiently work through individual issues. You are comfortable analyzing the key causes of data integrity and duplication issues and driving processes/systems that solve these issues.
Most of all, you have a commitment to providing internal and external YouTube customers with the best possible experience.

Responsibilities:
Experience of working with large data sets to develop analytics pipeline, build dashboards that drive business insights
Data validation and reporting to business partners to monitor trends in YouTube operations
Ability to respond to one off escalations with quick data insights
Streamline operations with quick and easy automation solutions
Requirements:
BA/BS Degree in Business, Finance, Engineering or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
4+ years professional experience with SQL, reporting tools and advanced spreadsheet skills
Experience with Google proprietary tools preferred
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Attention to detail and work ethic for dealing with a variety of data issues
Strong grasp on data structure and data integrity issues.
Experience in business or operations analysis
Able to thrive in the hands-on, high-growth environment of YouTube
Aggressive problem solver, curious for challenges as opposed to committed to reproducing former structures
Ability to work for any US employer (we do not provide visa sponsorship)
*
Additional Notes:
Resumes without professional SQL experience will not be considered
We do not provide visa sponsorship nor C2C transfers
Non-local resumes require a cover letter mentioning availability for interviews, as this is not a remote or telecommute role
Resumes should be no longer than two pages
We do not provide relocation packages
*
About the Company

Webhelp is a global outsourcing company specializing in Sales, Service, Support, Human Resources, Training and Back Office. We are a trusted partner of Google in the promotion of Google Apps and related products.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $1.00 - $2.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Professional SQL: 4 years (Required)
Data Visualization: 4 years (Required)
License:
authorization to work in the US without visa sponsorship (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
webhelp.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Webhelp Americas,"San Bruno, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
197,Data Analyst,$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title
Data Analyst

Job Profile Title
Data Analyst D

Job Description Summary
Data Analyst D
The data analyst will partner with the Faculty of the Penn Dermatology Oncology Center (PennDOC) and the Skin Biology and Disease Resource Based Center (SBDRC) to design, conduct, and publish research that improves the lives of patients with skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will enjoy a collegial relationship with a dynamic group of surgeons, clinicians, and basic scientists dedicated to conducting practical research about skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will also collaborate with clinical research coordinators in the Department of Dermatology and work with collaborating investigators from other specialties and outside institutions to ensure compliance with regulatory research requirements.
Applicants must have a strong background in creating and analyzing databases; knowledge in basic statistics; basic knowledge in regulatory requirements of the Institutional Review Board; excellent oral and written communication skills to work with a team and to draft research proposals and manuscripts; and organizational skills to prepare agendas and material for regular research team meetings.
The data analyst will receive mentorship from and report to the Director of Research Operations for the Department of Dermatology. The data analyst will have regular guidance from Faculty mentors, including Principle Investigators and Subject Matter Experts.

Job Description

With general direction, performs data analysis and assists with design of complex data models based upon business or research requirements. Often as part of a team, identifies and resolves required information flows and content issues, and transforms requirements into data designs and models. May perform analyses, development and evaluation on large databases and large complex installations. May provide reporting and decision support systems consultation. May provide data analysis expertise to one or more project or support teams. May work with vendor delivered solutions

Position contingent on funding.

Responsibilities
Develops and analyzes databases as indicated for research projects including clinical trials, observational, retrospective, and prospective studies. Maintains and enhances the existing database for Mohs micrographic surgery at Penn. Collects and organizes data from patient charts and existing databases (e.g. SEER, Optum). Develop and implement quality control plans to ensure data integrity and compliance.
Performs descriptive and inferential statistics, including regression analyses, and sample size calculations. Analyses may also include simple data descriptions (e.g., prevalence and incidence of outcomes), correlations, regression modeling (e.g., linear, logistic, cox proportional hazard models, mixed effects models, latent class analysis). Uses statistical programming language, such as SAS, STATA, R, or other programing language for analysis and collaborates with biostatistical experts when appropriate. Ability to use data visualization techniques in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, or with a programming language (e.g., R or Python. The analyst may need to learn additional statistical or bioinformatics (e.g., multi-omic data analysis) techniques for existing and/or future projects.
Drafting and submission of research grant proposals and manuscripts:
Partners with Faculty to complete research grant proposals and manuscripts. Common contributions from the data analyst include: preparing tables to summarize data and figures to illustrate statistics; drafting relevant portions of research proposals and manuscripts; submitting manuscripts and proposals; and managing correspondence with authors, journal editors, and reviewers.
Mentoring pre-doctoral research fellows and organizing research meetings:
Mentors pre-doctoral student researchers in study design and basic statistical analysis. Works with faculty mentors and Principle Investigators, including Director of PennDOC and PI/co-PI of the SBDRC to organize the agenda and materials for research group meetings.
Perform additional duties as assigned
Duties

The data analyst will partner with the Faculty of the Penn Dermatology Oncology Center and the Skin Biology and Disease Resource Based Center to design, conduct, and publish research that improves the lives of patients with skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will enjoy a collegial relationship with a dynamic group of surgeons, clinicians, and researchers dedicated to practical research about skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will also collaborate with clinical research coordinators in the Department of Dermatology and interface with collaborating investigators and biostatisticians from other specialties and outside institutions.

The data analyst will create and analyze databases; apply basic statistics to data; design data tables and figures; assist with manuscript and grant proposal drafting; ensure compliance with research regulations; and prepare materials for regular research team meetings.

Qualifications

Required:

3-5 years experience. 1-2 years of prior experience in clinical research or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Bachelor's Degree or higher educational attainment in biostatistics, biomedical informatics, public health, or related field that ensures a fundamental understanding of research design considerations. Master's Degree preferred.
Basic knowledge of regulatory requirements and how to appropriately fulfill them, including Institutional Review Board submissions.
Ability to perform descriptive and basic inferential statistics, including regression analyses, and sample size calculations.
Proficiency with basic computer programming skills, including basic Microsoft Office applications, e.g. Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Experience using a statistical programming language, such as SAS, STATA, R, or other programming language.
Working knowledge of relational database design, query, and reporting.
Excellent interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills
Ability to work both independently and with a team as well as the ability to manage up.
Strong organizational and documentation skills.
Preferred

Ability to import/export data into or from various formats into standard statistical software.
Experience in verifying, documenting, and cleaning large data files.
Experience with large administrative or claims datasets (e.g Medicare, SEER, NCDB, etc)
Familiarity with data standards and coding conventions.
Experience managing multiple projects effectively and meeting deadlines.
Experience with data visualization techniques in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, or with a programming language (e.g., R or Python).
Experience with mySQL or SQL

Working Conditions
Office, Library, Computer Room

Physical Effort
Typically sitting at desk or table

Contingent upon funding

Job Location - City, State
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School
Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range
$59,703.00 - $168,837.00

Affirmative Action Statement
Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements
Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.",4.3,"University of Pennsylvania
4.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1740,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
198,Senior Data Analyst - (HR Reporting),$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Role Information

Lidl US Job Description

Job Title: Senior Analyst - HR (Reporting)
Department: HR Services
Business Unit: Human Resources
Reports To: Senior Manager - HR (Data Administration and HR Reporting)
Supervisory Role: No
FLSA Status: Exempt

Job Summary

We are seeking a Senior Data Analyst (mid-level professional) to support our HR Data Administration team. You’ll be responsible for continually providing metrics/deep analysis for the Human Resources department. You will determine appropriate design and modeling criteria for all disseminated information sourced out of the HR data administration systems. You will also be responsible for continually providing metrics, reports, and analysis on company-wide personnel processes, performance indicator, and cost forecasting.

The ideal candidate will have experience in SQL, Excel, Excel VBA and Power BI skills capable of proficiently supporting the HR department and various HR systems. They will communicate through report creation and timely distribution to key stakeholders across the business.

Working at Lidl is rewarding, in every sense, because we give you the training to succeed in your role and plenty of opportunities to progress your career here. We are proud to offer a competitive salary commensurate upon entry level experience for this role. We also offer one of the most generous benefits packages in the industry to include a 401(k) plan with a company match and no vesting schedule, a Total Well-Being program, company paid holidays, additional paid personal days and more.

Essential Functions
Design and create ongoing HR metric reports to the business, including reports on terminations, new hires, audits, and various other KPIs
Support the Personnel Planning process on an annual basis through modeling and in depth analysis
Analyze information utilizing SAP and prepare ad-hoc reporting as requested
Maintain a full understanding of report data and serve as a subject matter expert on how information is both logged and tracked in various systems including SAP, ADP, and Success Factors
Responsible for the maintenance and distribution of standard HR reports
Partner with the controlling and data administration teams to ensure the accuracy and quality of employee data
Review and maintain standard operating procedures and job aids
Create training documents for impacted stakeholders on cross department projects
Perform other duties as assigned

Required

Bachelor’s degree in related field
2-5 years of experience in related field
Proficiency in SQL, Power BI, Excel and VBA
Profieciency in DAX (preferred)
German Language skills (preferred)
Experience with SAP Query (preferred)
Data modeling/visualization and forecasting skills
Exceptional attention to detail
Ability to work on multiple complex projects while meeting short deadlines
Solution orientated with a focus on process implementation and adherence
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Self-motivated under pressure
Good problem solving ability
Strong organizational and prioritization skills
Demonstrate initiative and problem ownership and escalation

Physical Job Requirements

Ability to work in a fast-paced working environment, including the store(s), distribution center(s), warehouse(s), and/or corporate office(s) with the capability to switch job functions/roles quickly
Ability to remain in a stationary position (standing and/or seated) more than half the time
Ability to maneuver cases of product (lift, move, carry, slide, etc.) up to 30 lbs.
Ability to operate machinery and/or equipment that requires the constant use of hands/fingers/wrists
Ability to spend more than half the time viewing computer monitors
Ability to identify and distinguish between colors more than half the time

Travel Requirements

This position requires overnight domestic travel less than 25% of the time
Anticipated travel will be by car, air, and/or train

Preferred

Lidl US, LLC & Affiliates provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to, including but not limited to, race, sex, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity or expression, national origin or ethnicity, age, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, disability, or veteran status, in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.",3.4,"Lidl US
3.4","Arlington, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Private,Grocery Stores & Supermarkets,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
199,SalesForce Data Analyst,$40k-$70k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: SalesForce Data Analyst

Overview

Varonis is a world-class organization with a straightforward mission: protecting vulnerable data.

Did you know that on average, 20% of an organization's data is accessible to every employee? Seventy percent of attacks take months or years to discover. But not for our customers.

At Varonis, we see the world of cybersecurity differently.

Our customers always know where their most valuable data is on premises or in the cloud. Only the right people have access to only the right data. With real-time awareness of how employees use data, our clients flag and stop malicious behavior in its tracks.

Were fighting a different battle than conventional cybersecurity companies, relentlessly focused on securing data. Data assets are the most valuable and vulnerable components of the global economy. Along with employees, data is at the heart of almost every organization, yet conventional cybersecurity solutions, by themselves, have failed to protect it.

Why Join Varonis as a SalesForce Data Analyst?

This is an exciting opportunity to join us as we expand our team!

In this role, you will perform administrative management of data including detection and correction of data-quality issues, process incoming data, and data standardization. You will collaborate with the Salesforce Team and Sales to engage in the ongoing and detailed evaluation of data quality and lead assignments.

You will be responsible for:
Validating and processing data import inquiries
Assisting with lead assignment updates which include: Updating and management of lead assignment rules, reassignment of leads, and validation of lead distribution with stakeholders
Ensuring sufficient data quality is maintained so that the data can effectively support the business process and reporting accuracy
Identifying, investigating, and managing the resolution and escalation of data quality issues
Coordinating ongoing data quality audits
Coordinating various data cleanup tasks which include: ensuring that Leads are assigned to the appropriate owner, standardizing data, and ensuring that necessary data fields are populated
Key skills, experience and personal attributes
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
1-year minimum experience in a data management role
Ability to manage multiple priorities
Logical thinker with superb interpersonal skills
Ability to work well under pressure
Organized and detail-oriented
Comfortable with ambiguity
Customer service oriented
Great teammate
Salesforce experience preferred
We invite you to check out our Instagram Page to gain further insight into the Varonis culture!

@VaronisLife

Varonis is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.",4.0,"Varonis
4.0","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
