,Job Title,Salary Estimate,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Data Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"COMPANY

AccuWeather, recognized and documented as the most accurate source of weather forecasts and warnings in the world, has saved tens of thousands of lives, prevented hundreds of thousands of injuries and tens of billions of dollars in property damage. With global headquarters in State College, PA and other offices around the world, AccuWeather serves more than 1.5 billion people daily to help them plan their lives and get more out of their day through innovative digital media properties, such as AccuWeather.com and mobile, as well as Business Solutions (AFB), radio, television, newspapers, and the 24/7 AccuWeather Network.

Additionally, AccuWeather produces and distributes news, weather content, and video for more than 180,000 third-party websites. Among AccuWeather's many innovative and award-winning features free to the public are MinuteCast® Minute by Minute™ forecasts with Superior Accuracy™. Further, AccuWeather serves more than half of Fortune 500 companies and thousands of businesses globally.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with multiple data formats, databases, and storage technologies to perform comprehensive analysis and report findings.
Partner with different departments to determine needs, scope solutions, and communicate findings to non-technical audiences.
Independently perform data cleaning, merging, analysis, and visualization including predictive analytics, statistical modeling, and machine learning.
Visualize and communicate results.
Engage in cloud-based development & implementation of machine learning.
Explore, test, and implement methods that perform machine learning techniques that will leverage some of the largest datasets on the planet.
Design and build technology that supports continuous improvements in machine learning driven forecasting systems.
Support AccuWeather labs innovation efforts.
Keep abreast with best practices and trends.
QUALIFICATIONS:
B.S. or M.S. (preferred) in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Meteorology or a similar, relevant field.
Experience working with and deploying projects in a cloud infrastructure.
Experience accessing and working with scientific data sets.
Familiarity working with large datasets leveraging technology that may include BigQuery, AWS Athena, Tableau, and/or Power BI
Analyzing data through R and/or Python
Familiarity with one or more RTB ad management & DSP & SSP platforms
Deep mathematical and technical understanding of many AI methodologies.
Excellent organizational and time management skills.
Desire and interest in keeping up to date on what is and what is new in data science.
AccuWeather is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here. The pay transparency policy is available here.

AccuWeather is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to human.resources@accuweather.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.",3.7,"AccuWeather
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1962,Company - Private,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
1,Data Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

As a Data Scientist, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating the internet of things (IoT). In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning / data mining algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve similar results at large-scale.

Your Responsibilities:
Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.
Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.
Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.
Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).
Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).
Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Preferred
Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:
Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.
C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
2,Data Analyst,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Analyst

Job Details
Job Location
Yakima - Yakima, WA
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Bachelor's degree
Salary Range
$58,900.00 - $73,600.00 Salary/year
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Information Technology
Description
Who is Comprehensive Healthcare?
Comprehensive Healthcare provides innovative behavioral health and integrated healthcare services to clients of all ages. We take pride in our creative and collaborative work environment and in delivering clinically excellent, trauma-informed, recovery-oriented services.

What are we looking for in a Data Analyst?
As a member of the Information Services department, the Data Analyst supports Comprehensive’s technology and business initiatives by coordinating the collection, storage, and utilization of essential data. This position will work closely with leadership and other staff to determine data needs for specific projects or ad hoc requests, and then gather, interpret, and present the information to the team. The work of the Data Analyst will impact day-to-day clinic operations as well as business decisions, so a high degree of accuracy, thoroughness, and timeliness are essential. Previous experience performing data analytics in the healthcare field is required. The Data Analyst will work on-site in our Yakima office.

Data Analyst duties may include:
integrating data from internal & external sources and performing extract, transform, and load operations to data in various applications
analyzing data to identify and interpret patterns or trends in data sets
performing data audits to identify problem areas & implementing strategies to optimize data integrity and process improvements
assisting with the design & implementation of database warehouse structure and developing standards for the design of data elements
supporting the implementation, testing, and validation of data & software systems
assisting with ongoing data architecture processes & governance
providing Tier II technical support to employees
documenting all work as it is completed
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data analytics, or related field
Three years of experience with data analysis within the healthcare industry
What Comprehensive Healthcare Can Offer You
Training and Development
A variety of career opportunities in a wide range of settings with room for mobility and promotion
Regular training opportunities including support, supervision, and consultation in implementing evidence-based services and programs
Innovative Program & Services
A strong reputation for providing quality, evidence-based services within a collaborative multi-disciplinary team environment
Innovative, forward-looking leadership that seeks to thrive in an ever-changing healthcare environment
Joint Commission-accredited organization committed to continuous quality improvement
Established partnerships with major research universities and other community and healthcare providers to implement cutting-edge treatment programs and services
Excellent Benefits
Competitive salaries within our communities and industry
Healthcare coverage for employee and qualified family members
Generous vacation, paid holiday and sick leave policies
Access to Employee Assistance Program services
Agency-funded retirement plan with contributions equal to 5% of compensation
Additional retirement investment opportunities with a 50% investment match of up to 4% of compensation
Agency-funded life and disability insurance program
Equal Opportunity Employer
Comprehensive Healthcare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. We value the diverse perspectives and strengths that our employees bring to the workplace and we encourage individuals from underrepresented groups to apply for our positions. The Human Resources department offers accommodations and assistance for the application and interview process; please contact us at (509) 575-4084 to make arrangements.",3.3,"Comprehensive Healthcare
3.3","Yakima, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
3,Data Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

This role uses Data Science and Engineering techniques to satisfy customer requirements. This role evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML). This role develops scripts, notebooks or applications (using Python or Java and associated libraries or frameworks: Scikit-Learn, Numpy, Tensorflow, Pytorch, Spark, Spark MLlib, H20.ai, etc.) that utilize, collect, aggregate and clean large data sets to perform analysis, clustering, entity resolution and structured information extraction for work products. Models are trained and refined using these tools and evaluated for effectiveness using appropriate criteria/metrics for the task. This role collaborates across a team of Data Scientists, Data Administrators, Software and Data Engineers to produce work products.

Primary Responsibilities

This role designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources.
This role develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, query techniques, model complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate datasets.
This role supports objectives and tasks by leveraging numerous tools and techniques to include Python, Splunk, query experience, R and the like.
Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various data sources and business problems.
Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.
This role develops algorithms and analytical techniques to improve business performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies.

Basic Qualifications

Master’s degree in engineering, computer science, or other related technical field or Bachelor’s degree in a business or management-related field accompanied by experience managing technical requirements in complex programs.
Experience with Python, Splunk, and query experience is required.
Experience negotiating complex scenarios and challenges and devising courses of action to resolve situations with predictable outcomes.
Experience leading critical objectives where decision making is of utmost concern to the outcome.
Experience supervising others.

Education

Candidate must have Masters with 12-15 years of prior relevant experience or Doctorate with 8+ years of prior relevant experience.

Clearance

Candidate must have an active TS/SCI with polygraph.

NSOINT

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Reston, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
4,Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Job Title: Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations

City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois

Job Description

Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products, we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for an Operations Senior Data Scientist to join our team located at our Company Headquarters in Lake Forest, IL.

Your Role:

As an Operations Senior Data Scientist, you will primarily be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will prepare data insights and proposals in narrative and visual forms and leverage advanced data science methods to discover opportunities to increase equipment effectiveness, reduce costs and provide insights to plants on process disruptions. You will have the opportunity to:
Improve the manufacturing process by formulating hypotheses, conducting experiments and delivering improvements to KPIs based on findings
Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant equipment
Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights
Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency
Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights.

You will love it here if…
You are not only a team-player, but you foster a collaborative team environment
You are analytic, enjoy new challenges and thrive in a fast paced manufacturing operation
You are committed to operational excellence and to keeping others safe in the workplace
We need you to have:
A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python, Machine Learning
3-5 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes
3-5 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies
Experience in AWS Analytics platform
SQL query skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field
Icing on the cake:
Experience developing and implementing predictive maintenance and predictive quality models
Data visualization skills in Power BI
Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html

The poster and the supplement can be found on this link.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.",3.5,"Reynolds Consumer Products
3.5","Lake Forest, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
5,"Scientist I/II, AAV Vector Engineering",$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Homology Medicines is seeking an outstanding Scientist to assist in the advancement of Homology’s viral gene therapy production platform. Homology has a portfolio of 15 unique adeno-associated viruses, called AAVHSC’s, and is well on its way to developing large scale rare disease cures. The individual in this role will be a highly skilled, talented and motivated scientist who will assist in developing and characterizing next generation plasmids for large scale manufacturing of AAV vectors. We seek candidates with the ability to work independently and collaboratively, who are driven to pursue cutting edge science and develop next generation therapies to transform the lives of patients, and most importantly who are passionate about great science & a positive culture.

· Support the design, development, and characterization of novel plasmids for AAV production
· Execute experiments aimed at improving vector productivity and product quality
· Clone and characterize plasmids used in vector production
· Carry out routine production of AAV vectors in adherent and suspension cultures
· Develop new assays and perform a variety of molecular biology or cell-based assays including PCR, SDS-PAGE, western blot etc.
· Analyze vector specific characteristics including packaging efficiency and product quality, as impacted by packaging and inverted terminal repeat (ITR) plasmid and integrity
· Liaise with Research teams to facilitate the transition of constructs into process development
· Collaborate closely with Process Development teams to evaluate critical vector attributes and process parameters affecting AAV vector production and cell biology
· Maintain and update protocols and electronic lab notebooks; ensure data integrity and traceability
· Author technical reports and support regulatory filings as needed

· Ph.D. or M.S. in molecular biology, virology, or related fields with at least 0-3 (Ph.D.) or 3-6 (M.S.) years industry experience in viral vector production
· Expert in molecular techniques including plasmid cloning, restriction digestion and sequencing
· Experience in mammalian adherent and suspension cell culture and transient transfection
· Hands-on experience in AAV cloning and production
· Thorough understanding of virus characterization methods including nucleic acid and protein-based approaches
· In-depth knowledge in AAV biology and cell biology
· Self-motivated, detail oriented, and good problem-solving ability
· Excellent interpersonal written and oral communication skills",4.4,"Homology Medicines, Inc.
4.4","Bedford, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
6,"Sr. Manager, Supply Chain Business Intelligence and Data Science",$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Niagara, we’re looking for Team Members who want to be part of achieving our mission to provide our customers the highest quality most affordable bottled water.

Consider applying here, if you want to:

Work in an entrepreneurial and dynamic environment with a chance to make an impact.
Develop lasting relationships with great people.
Have the opportunity to build a satisfying career.

We offer competitive compensation and benefits packages for our Team Members.

Sr. Manager, Supply Chain Business Intelligence and Data Science

The Supply Chain Business Intelligence (BI) team owns data visibility and insights initiatives within the Supply Chain department. BI, together with Continuous Improvement (CI) and Training teams makes up the recently established “Supply Chain Solutions” team. This team plays a central role in defining the future of how Niagara’s Supply Chain department will operate and whether the company itself will be able to maintain a competitive advantage in our market space. The BI team support all Supply Chain functions: Planning, Procurement, Logistics, and Customer Service.

The Senior Manager of Supply Chain Business Intelligence is a Supply Chain leader who understands data from both operational/strategic points of view and is responsible for providing “Data-to-Insight” (BI) tools to support and enhance business strategies. Said leader will act as the main conduit between Supply Chain and IT as well as collaborate with other BI units housed within Finance/ Manufacturing/ Engineering. As such, s/he will be responsible for developing a roadmap and portfolio of all B.I. and technology projects necessary to support the long-term competitive needs of the entire supply chain department as well as the company as a whole. This individual will lead a team of business intelligence analysts who own the end to end for implementing data marts, ad-hoc self-serve reports, and dashboards to empower the broader group of business users.

Furthermore, Data Science will be an integral part of this role. As an organization, we are very keen on exploration in this area and leveraging it to perpetuate our competitive advantage in the coming decade. With this backdrop in mind, we seeking a candidate who has significant hands-on experience working on “Data Insight” type initiative where Data Science concepts were rigorously applied within a framework of best-of-breed Data Science toolsets. This is in addition to and not in lieu of the more traditional BI responsibilities and demonstrated leadership skillset that were laid out in the proceeding segment.

Essential Functions

Serves as a key point of contact for all data visibility and insights initiatives within the Supply Chain department and supports initiatives undertaken by cross-functional process improvement teams.
Coordinates with Supply Chain leadership and develops BI technology and Data Science capability roadmaps for all Supply Chain functions; primary partners include: Logistics, Customer Service, Procurement, Strategic Planning, as well as non-Supply Chain functional partners such as Finance/IT.
Injects direct Data Science know-how into the organization, including skillset and experience working within a robust Data Science platform such as Amazon SageMaker and RapidMiner.
Ensures that the necessary data architecture and software tools are available to allow for insightful and impactful machine learning, big data, and statistical analyses.
Leads the development of various predictive analytics/optimization/heuristics based models.
Employs data mining, data warehousing, segmentation, and other analytical techniques to capture important trends and create relevant measurement dashboards in platforms such as IBM Cognos, Tableau, Informatica, and Oracle OBIEE/OACS.
Understands the functional and technical design/architecture of ERP/OTM/WMS/EDI technologies.
Maintains continued enhancements and augmentations to existing B.I. tools and supply chain technology solutions.
Monitors and manages data issues and establish plans for ensuring data quality and integrity between transaction source systems and reporting environments.
Spearheads the development of policies, processes, standards, and best practices in data and integration management.
Develops and executes a strategy to provision business users with very accessible daily technical support answering analytical & technology related questions.
Publishes periodic updates on status of various initiatives to all Supply Chain team members and key stakeholders in other departments.
Collaborates with Continuous Improvement team to re-engineer processes, software enhancements, and KPIs framework to fully leverage our ever advancing BI capabilities.
Collaborates with Supply Chain Training team and Supply Chain leaders to administer appropriate trainings necessary to standardize technology usage.

Please note this job description is not designed to contain a comprehensive list of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without prior notice.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
6 Years – Experience in Technology Consulting or Data Analytics
6 Years – Experience in or supporting Operations/Strategy
4 Years – Experience managing people and projects
experience may include a combination of work experience and education
Preferred Qualifications:
10+ Years– Experience in Technology Consulting or Data Analytics
10+ Years – Experience in or supporting Operations/Strategy
6 Years – Experience managing people and projects
experience may include a combination of work experience and education
Competencies

Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Self-motivated with a proven record of taking the initiative
Ability to adjust and execute in a very dynamic and ever-changing environment
Ability to excel and deliver results working cross-functionally in a matrix environment
Technology acumen – Strong knowledge of latest Supply Chain integration technologies such as EDI, Web Services, Block Chain and etc.
Software skills – Subject Matter Expert level knowledge/experience in enterprise systems such as Oracle EBS, JDA, Logility
Leadership – Displays passion and optimism; Inspires and motivates others to perform well; Influences actions and opinions of others
People Management and Development – Fosters a quality focus in others; Builds upon areas of strength; Designs and executes plan to improve areas of weakness
Change Management – Communicates changes, builds commitment, and overcomes resistance
Oral Communication – Speaks clearly and persuasively in both positive and negative situations; Demonstrates ability to communicate well with other team members and with non-technical end users; Demonstrates refined and comprehensive presentation skills
Written Communication – Writes clearly and informatively; Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret intricate written information and data

This position embodies the values of Niagara’s LIFE competency model, focusing on the following key drivers of success:

Lead Like an Owner
Provides strategic input and oversight to departmental projects
Skilled in reducing costs and managing timelines while prioritizing long run impact
Leads/facilitates discussions to get positive outcomes for the customer
Makes strategic and sustainable data driven decisions which prioritize the needs of the customer over departmental/individual goals
InnovACT
Continuously evaluates existing programs and processes, and develops new initiatives to increase efficiency and reduce waste
Creates, monitors, and responds to departmental performance metrics to drive continuous improvement
Communicates a clear vision, organizes resources effectively, and adjusts the strategy as needed when managing change
Find a Way
Demonstrates ability to think analytically and synthesize complex information
Effectively delegates technical tasks to subordinates
Works effectively with depts, vendors, and customers to achieve organizational success
Identifies opportunities for collaboration in strategic ways
Empowered to be Great
Engages in long term talent planning
Provides opportunities for the development of all direct reports
Understands, identifies, and addresses conflict within own team and between teams

Education

Minimum Required:
Bachelor's Degree in Supply Chain/Information Technology/Business Analytics/Systems Engineering/Data Science or other related field
Preferred:
Master's Degree in Supply Chain/Information Technology/Business Analytics/Systems Engineering/Data Science or other related field

Certification/License:

Required: N/A
Preferred: APICS CPIM/CSCP, PMP PMI

Foreign Language

Required: None Required
Preferred: None Required

Any employment agency, person or entity that submits a résumé into this career site or to a hiring manager does so with the understanding that the applicant's résumé will become the property of Niagara Bottling, LLC. Niagara Bottling, LLC will have the right to hire that applicant at its discretion without any fee owed to the submitting employment agency, person or entity.

Employment agencies that have fee agreements with Niagara Bottling, LLC and have been engaged on a search shall submit résumé to the designated Niagara Bottling, LLC recruiter or, upon authorization, submit résumé into this career site to be eligible for placement fees.",3.6,"Niagara Bottling
3.6","Diamond Bar, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1963,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
7,"Staff Scientist I, Life Sciences",$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"STAFF SCIENTIST I, LIFE SCIENCES

EH&E, the Company:
EH&E is an employee owned company that provides businesses, agencies and institutions with innovative and cost saving solutions for their health and safety, environmental and engineering needs. We protect hospitals, higher education institutions, biotech/pharmaceutical companies and governmental agencies against pollutants/contaminants such as mold, ensuring safety in the workplace. Headquartered in our aesthetically beautiful, remodeled office in Newton, Massachusetts; EH&E is a trusted, recognized partner engaged with international governmental agencies, Global 5000 enterprises, and leading education and healthcare facilities. www.eheinc.com
Job Description:
As a representative of EH&E's Life Sciences team, a Staff Scientist I, is an experienced environmental health and safety professional who works with our biotechnology and research laboratory clients throughout New England. Educates, trains, and provides support to operations in the development and execution of consistent safety and environmental management programs. Directs accident investigation programs, develops accident trends, and develops programs for improving performance. Ensures compliance with all safety and environmental programs. Directs a proactive safety and environmental program. Improves the quality of safety and environmental management processes following established regulations, policies, standards, and practices. The successful applicant will be supported by a team of industry experts who will nurture and develop your career. This position reports directly to the Managing Principal Consultant or Senior Scientist. We offer competitive salary packages and excellent benefits. If you are interested in this opportunity, we would be delighted to hear from you
Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Sales & Client Relations:
Responsible for maintaining the integrity of the business by presenting a positive, professional, respectful and professional image to our clients
Identify potential opportunities to senior staff
Deliver services on projects that meet or exceed client expectations
Consults with Principal Investigators and laboratory personnel on inspection findings and provide appropriate recommendations based on regulatory compliance and best practice guidance.
QA/QC:
Participates in Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC) and Laboratory Safety Committee meetings.
Conducts or oversees periodic inspections of laboratories by qualified personnel in accordance with federal, state, and local government regulations and agencies’ policies; conducts air sampling for specific materials used in the research environment
Collect quality data as well as field data by other project staff
Assists clients with identification of appropriate biological laboratory containment levels, and strategies for hazard assessment and control
Assist in project/study design
Training/Mentoring:
Willingness and openness to professional development
Prepares and delivers classroom-based and online biosafety and laboratory EH&S training programs. Topics include laboratory safety and chemical hygiene, biosafety, NIH recombinant DNA, OSHA Bloodborne Pathogens Standard, Shipping (IATA/DOT), and other customized training. Updates written materials regarding biological safety and laboratory EH&S (e.g., Biosafety Manual, Chemical Hygiene Plan, Hazard Communication, etc.).
Conducts follow-up with laboratory personnel as needed.
Customer Satisfaction:
Represent respectful professional image
Interact with client’s staff to execute work
Contribute to client satisfaction as a team member/project manager.
Technical Expertise:
Ability to apply basic scientific principles to EH&E’s work while developing observational ability and functional analytical skills in discipline
Performs risk assessments and job safety analyses for work involving chemical and biological materials.
Conducts air sampling and personal monitoring for specific materials used in the research environment; inspects and/or tests and audits the performance of safety equipment such as but not limited to emergency safety showers and eyewash stations, chemical fume hoods and spill kits; performs respiratory protection fit-testing.
Assists in shipping hazardous materials and biological materials; investigates research environment incidents; responds to chemical, biological, and after-hour emergencies
Utilizes mobile devices to collect inspection information.
Communication and reports:
Written and verbal communication skills are essential as you will be contributing to reports
Clearly communicate technical concepts while maintain context and understanding the audience.
Financial Management:
Be able to work to timelines and report any deviations to this to management.
Achieve project profitability goals.
Key Skills:
Excellent interpersonal, written and communication skills
Driver’s license, occasional travel required
Commercial awareness
The ability to work well under pressure
Teamworking skills
Good analytical skills
Ability to work independently when required
Proficient in MS Word, Excel, and Access
The ability to cope with shift work and unsocial hours, which are at times required
Experience with standard office equipment (computers, phones, and photocopiers).
Education / Training:
Bachelor of Science (BS) or Master of Science (MS) in Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, or related subject.
Industrial experience in a research laboratory, clinical laboratory, or biotech industry environment; or, at least experience working within an environmental health and safety department for a biotech or research facility. Background working with radioactive materials or radiation safety.
Professional Certifications & Memberships Preferred:
Registered Biosafety Professional; Certified Industrial Hygienist; Certified Safety Professional; HAZWOPER certification; DOT/RCRA certification; membership in the American Biological Safety Association; membership in the American Industrial Hygiene Association.",3.7,"Environmental Health
3.7","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Building & Personnel Services,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
8,Manager of Data Science,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Niagara, we’re looking for Team Members who want to be part of achieving our mission to provide our customers the highest quality most affordable bottled water.

Consider applying here, if you want to:

Work in an entrepreneurial and dynamic environment with a chance to make an impact.
Develop lasting relationships with great people.
Have the opportunity to build a satisfying career.

We offer competitive compensation and benefits packages for our Team Members.

Manager of Data Science

Our growing Business Intelligence team, is responsible for Niagara’s manufacturing data insights, aptitude, and system solutions as an integral part of driving business growth and improvement. As part of this team, the Manager of Data Science is responsible for establishing and leading a world-class data science team, by leveraging analytic insights to inform business decisions and improve business strategies. Data science responsibilities primarily focus on our comprehensive manufacturing operations, as well as cross-functional initiatives with IT, Supply Chain, Engineering, Finance, and Asset Management.

The Manager of Data Science is responsible for effectively building, developing and engaging a team of manufacturing BI and data science analysts, while also serving as a broader organizational leader. The leader of data science proactively works with business executives and various key stakeholders across the business to provide advanced data modeling systems, design & launch innovative complex models, utilizing modern and traditional techniques/methodologies. The manager of data science serves as an essential part of Niagara’s long-term strategy and vision by delivering business solutions based on analytic insights.

Essential Functions

Leveraging a “hands-on” approach, oversee all manufacturing business intelligence and data science activities ensuring alignment with departmental and business-wide vision and strategies.
Generate value through data science; create and implement the data science strategy/roadmap in alignment with our company strategy, linking data-related activities to business results.
Work in coordination with business stakeholders to proactively identify and address priority business questions.
Build the business’s data science competency and talent needs through role definition, and development of a team of data scientists.
Drive business analytics and capabilities; answering key business questions using innovative analytic and data science techniques.
Driving operational excellence; managing team productivity and quality of deliverables. Ensure consistent adoption of standards, processes and methodologies.
Designs, develops and implements a broad array of business analytics that solve complex problems. Identifies new opportunities to further leverage analytics, data and analytical tools.
Ensures best practice adoption within stated areas of responsibility, applying appropriate levels of technical capability, standardization and subject matter expertise.
Proactively manages static BI reporting and ad hoc analytics requests, ensuring consistent quality and timeliness in delivery to business stakeholders.
Drive education and evangelization of data sciences throughout the business by communicating the vision and use cases of advanced analytics.
Works closely with other data and analytics teams, inclusive of data analytics, data warehousing, and data engineering teams in creating big data applications through the utilization of structured and unstructured data, designing optimal data architecture, and experimenting on new machine learning techniques.
Monitor trends in key business KPIs, providing valuable insights to relevant departments for overall business performance improvement.
Collaborate with external data and analytics partners. Lead the development and design of the departmental vision, capabilities, infrastructure, and roadmap of data sciences capabilities.
Please note this job description is not designed to contain a comprehensive list of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without prior notice.

Competencies

Experience with scripting languages (R, Python, SQL, Java, etc.)
Experience in various enterprise resource solution tools such as Oracle ERP, Oracle EBS, and Oracle OBIEE/OACS.
Proven strong aptitude in data visualization platforms such as Tableau, Alteryx, PowerBI, Cognos, Grafana.
Proven strong aptitude in data science platforms such as MS Azure, RapidMiner
Experienced in Manufacturing Execution Systems / Efficiency Improvement Analysis Applications
New System Implementation & Administration
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Access)
Entrepreneurial; Initiative and resourcefulness with limited guidance.
Leadership – Engaging, passionate, courageous leader who inspires and influences team members of all levels with humility and respect
Project Management – Detail oriented with the ability to prioritize multiple tasks and projects and complete assignments quickly and accurately.
Problem Solving – Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively; Demonstrates ability to communicate well with other team members and with non-technical end users; demonstrates presentation skills.
Team Work - Balances team and individual responsibilities; contributes to building a positive team spirit; able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives.
Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively; presents numerical data effectively

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
4 Years – Experience in Field or similar
2 Years – Experience managing people/projects
experience may include a combination of work experience and education
Preferred Qualifications:
6 Years – Experience in Field or similar
4 Years – Experience managing people/projects
experience may include a combination of work experience and education
Education

Minimum Required:
Bachelor's Degree (Machine learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering or similar.)
Master's Degree (Machine learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering or similar.)

Any employment agency, person or entity that submits a résumé into this career site or to a hiring manager does so with the understanding that the applicant's résumé will become the property of Niagara Bottling, LLC. Niagara Bottling, LLC will have the right to hire that applicant at its discretion without any fee owed to the submitting employment agency, person or entity.

Employment agencies that have fee agreements with Niagara Bottling, LLC and have been engaged on a search shall submit résumé to the designated Niagara Bottling, LLC recruiter or, upon authorization, submit résumé into this career site to be eligible for placement fees.",3.6,"Niagara Bottling
3.6","Diamond Bar, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1963,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
9,Clinical Laboratory Scientist AM Shift,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-qPCR regimen based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.

Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.

This position is responsible for performing high complexity laboratory testing on patient specimens, performing quality control and quality assurance procedures, reporting patient results. This position will comply with all applicable local, state and federal laboratory requirements and operate under the direction of the Laboratory Director and Laboratory Supervisor(s). This role requires meticulous and organized records, excellent attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task and be flexible with tasks and schedules. The A.M. schedule is from 6:00 a.m. - 2:30 a.m.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Accurately perform molecular testing, using a variety of molecular biological techniques
Conduct daily quantitation and qualification assessment of molecular data generated during testing.
Carry out QC/QA activities as part of the Quality program and commitment to patient safety
Operates automated liquid handling instrumentation to execute complex high-throughput procedures and troubleshoot as necessary.
Participate in a variety of other essential laboratory activities, including reagent qualification, inventory management, procedure writing, inspection preparation, assay validation and investigation.
Perform and document routine preventive maintenance and independently identify and troubleshoot highly complex problems that adversely affect test performance.
Diligently maintains a molecular biology laboratory environment to minimize and contain amplicon contamination.
Identify root cause and document all corrective actions taken when test systems.
Provides research and resolution on complex issues, including all necessary documentation.
Solves routine problems independently.
Familiar with unusual technical problems and results, and resolves any issues related to these problems or results.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or test results and notify Laboratory Director or Laboratory Manager immediately.
Executes & documents lab corrective action whenever test systems are not acceptable or when test systems deviate from established performance specifications.
Assist with training of new laboratory personnel.
Participate in introduction of assay improvements, new assay configurations and validation
At times, this position may fill the role of the general supervisor if the general supervisor is off-site.
Qualification Requirements*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have a solid understanding of general laboratory techniques.
Experience with a wide range of laboratory equipment.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills. Ability to critical analyze complex data.
Ability to learn new principles quickly, possess strong analytical skills, must possess strong interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of good laboratory and documentation practices.
Education and Experience Requirements: *
California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license.
Bachelor of Arts or Science in Biomedical Laboratory Science, Clinical Science or related field.
2+ years’ experience as a CLS in a clinical laboratory.
Working knowledge of local, state, and federal laboratory regulations.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Supplemental Pay:
Commission Pay
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
10,Per Diem Medical Laboratory Scientist/Medical Technologist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Department Overview

_*This is a Per Diem, flexible hour position. We anticipate, at this time, a need for 2 days a week at minimum. Hours and schedule subject to change as clinic needs change**.*_

The Medical Laboratory Scientist provides information for diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease by conducting medical laboratory tests, procedures, and analyses on blood, body fluid and other specimen types in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry and Urinalysis. The position requires monitoring and interpretation of all quality control systems, instrument maintenance and troubleshooting.
Function/Duties of Position*
Follows all written procedures, policies and guidelines.
Specimen handling, including collection, labeling and processing of specimens. May perform special procedures including assisting the provider on bone marrow collections.
Resulting: Ensures all patient data, both internal and send out testing, is received and documented in the patient Electronic Medical Record (EMR). Recognizes Critical Value results and immediately responds by notifying the appropriate provider.
Instrumentation: Calibrates and performs routine maintenance on analytic analyzers. Uses problem solving skills to troubleshoot when indicated by patient or quality control results. Instruments: Sysmex XN1000, Sysmex KX 21N, Ortho Clinical Diagnostics Vitros 350, Abbott Piccolo Express and Microscope.
Computer Programs: Orchard Harvest LIS, iKnowMed EMR, EPIC, Word, Excel
Quality Control: Performs all quality control (QC) and quality assurance (QA) tasks. This includes, but is not limited to: daily analyzer controls, instrument function checks, Proficiency Testing, documentation of QA issues involving both patients and/or instrument problems. Reports all QC and/or QA problems to the Laboratory Supervisor in a timely manner.
Inventory/Supplies: Maintains adequate laboratory supplies by performing regular stock inventories and processing supply orders as needed. Maintains a clean environment within the laboratory.
Other Responsibilities*
Completes competency training and annual review of policies and procedure manuals in a timely manner. Complies with Safety policies/processes and HIPAA regulations.
Attends and participates in staff meetings, site meetings, and training sessions. Maintains and documents personal continuing education. Keeps abreast of work unit issues and activities.
Assists with miscellaneous technical administrative functions to support daily laboratory activities. When delegated, performs training of new employees and mentors less experienced employees.
Observes and reports changes in patient’s condition.
Multitasks effectively, accesses appropriate staff resources when needed. Willingly cross trains and/or participates in projects.
Carries out job responsibilities ethically, professionally and with personal integrity; functions as a part of the team by exhibiting excellent communications, teamwork and customer service skills.
Demonstrates positive, respectful and honest verbal, written and listening skills in all interactions. Willingly gives and accepts honest, constructive criticism, and communicates effectively with all our customers (patients, coworkers, providers, and caregivers, etc.).
Follows infection control policies, maintains knowledge of personal safety, patient safety, fire and electrical safety and disaster plan.
Other job duties as assigned.
Required Qualifications*
Bachelor's degree in Medical Technology, Clinical Laboratory Science or Medical Laboratory Science which includes a clinical lab externship, and current certification as MT (ASCP), or MLS (ASCP) within 90 days of hire. Current certification and credential maintenance must be maintained for individuals who were certified after January 1, 2004

OR

Completion of a 2-year accredited Medical Laboratory Technician program, plus MLT (ASCP) or equivalent certification within 90 days of hire, and 4 years of experience in a clinical laboratory. Certification as MT (ASCP) or MLS (ASCP) or by AMT preferred. Current certification and credential maintenance must be maintained for individuals who were certified after January 1, 2004

OR

Bachelor's degree in a Chemical or Biological field, and four years’ experience as a Medical Laboratory Technician in a clinical laboratory performing testing and related tasks
Preferred Qualifications*
1 recent year of clinical experience
Past Oncology Experience, with working knowledge of oncology medical terminology and procedures
2 Years or more of hematology experience
Orchard Harvest Laboratory Information System experience
Hours*
This is a Per Diem flexible hour position. We anticipate, no less than 2 a week position. Hours and schedule are subject to change as our needs change. If you are an experienced tech looking for a flexible schedule, this could be the job for you!
Wage*
DOE
OOS is an Equal Opportunity Employer*
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Pay: Up to $29.00 per hour

Schedule:
Holidays
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Application Question:
Please briefly describe how you meet one or more of our required qualifications
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
No",1.9,"Oregon Oncology Specialists
1.9","Salem, OR",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Private Practice / Firm,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
11,Principal Data Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Technology. Flexibility. Diversity. At the center of it all are the Digital Accelerator and Advanced Analytics teams at Cummins, working together as a high-energy startup within a Fortune 500 organization. At this Midwestern technology hub, today’s sharpest, most curious minds transform what-ifs into realities.

#LifeAtCummins is about POWERING YOUR POTENTIAL .You’ll have global opportunities to develop your career and make your community a better place - to break ground professionally and be your best personally.

About Digital Accelerator and Advanced Analytics:

Cummins' Digital Accelerator functions as our own tech startup, with strategic access to Fortune 150 resources and talents. Steering the innovation of new experiences for customers, Digital Accelerator is boldly transforming Cummins into a modern and agile technology company. Through the conception, build and launch of inspiring digital solutions, the unique hub of vision and creativity leverages open architecture, connectivity, big data, advanced analytics, internet-of-things, edge computing and more, to drive the company forward on its journey towards smart technologies.

This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, IN for a Principal Data Scientist. This is an active business facing role where you will work and collaborate with teams to solve problems in a results, customer centric environment.

Your impact will happen in these and other ways:

Manages and Implements advanced analytics projects which solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches through a combination of analytical, mathematical and technical skills.
Researches, designs, implements and validates cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes by leveraging complex statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques.
Liaises with business stakeholders and leverages business knowledge to industrialize and monetize insights from advanced analytics projects.
Leads key objectives and business goals through the use of data science methodology.
Leverages data science methodology to solve complex business problems.
Creates algorithms using more complex statistical methodologies through the use of statistical programming languages and tools.
Partners with domain experts to verify model capabilities and translate modeling outputs from statistical inferences into business language.
Partners with Solution Architect to enable appropriate data flow/data model, development using appropriate tools/technology, rapid prototyping and informs the design of analytical products.
Trains and mentors less experienced employees on data science tools and methodologies.
Continuous development and advancement of the organization through knowledge sharing and collaboration.
Participates in planning for advancement of the Data Science profession.

Qualifications

Experience:

Significant experience in a relevant discipline area is required with a demonstrated track record of analyzing complex business systems and large data sets. Knowledge of the latest technologies and trends in data science is highly preferred and includes:

Familiarity analyzing complex business systems, industry requirements, and/or data regulations
Background in processing and managing large data sets
Applied knowledge of big data, open source and third party toolsets
SQL query language
Clustered compute cloud-based implementation experience
Experience in building analytical solutions
Experience coaching on implementation of machine learning solutions

Significant experiences in the following are preferred:

Designing and implementing Big Data platform solutions using open source and third-party tools
Microsoft Azure and/or Amazon Web services environment
Experience in Agile software development
Familiarity with validation and testing of machine learning systems
Familiarity with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)

Manage the analytics technical road map in collaboration with supported delivery partners
Design analytics solution approach in collaboration with delivery partners
Provide design direction and technical guidance to developments teams
Oversee in-use model performance and corrective action
Manage activities of a small team of employees

Skills

Programming - Creates, writes and tests computer code, test scripts, and build scripts using algorithmic analysis and design, industry standards and tools, version control, and build and test automation to meet business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.

Data Mining - Extracts insights from data by identifying relationships and patterns through use of a suite of data exploration and data visualization techniques to understand the underlying structure of the data and enable sound conclusions upon model building.

Predictive Modeling - Develops analytical or machine learning models by using appropriate variable transformations, feature selection strategies, imputation strategies, class rebalancing, resampling strategies and quality control measures to generate predictive insights used in solving business questions.

Statistical Modeling - Develops descriptive and explanatory statistical models, and simulations for regression, classification, outlier detection, anomaly detection, time series forecasting using knowledge of foundational statistics such as null hypotheses significance tests, regression models, generalized linear modeling, time series analysis, rank statistics, probability distribution fitting survival analysis, etc. to validate hypotheses for any given statistical or business question.

Problem Solving - Solves problems using a systematic analysis process by leveraging industry standard methodologies to create problem traceability and protect the customer; determines the assignable cause; implements robust, data-based solutions; identifies the systemic root causes and recommended actions to prevent problem reoccurrence.

Requirements Analysis - Evaluates relationships and interdependencies between requirements based upon their complexity and value to the business in order to determine feasibility and prioritization.

Strategic Roadmap Planning - Produces a high-level, multi-year product and capability roadmap utilizing internal and external business resource, asset and market knowledge and experience to communicate the organization's focus and priorities to internal and external stakeholders.

Tech savvy - Anticipating and adopting innovations in business-building digital and technology applications.

Manages complexity - Making sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems.

Collaborates - Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.

Develops talent - Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organization’s goals.

Communicates Effectively - Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences.

Education, Licenses, Certifications

College, university or equivalent degree or equivalent work experience in relevant technical discipline is required.
This position may require licensing for compliance with export controls or sanctions regulations.

Compensation and Benefits

Base salary rate commensurate with experience. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

Cummins and E-verify

At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today.careers.cummins.com

Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: https://www.cumminstalentcommunity.com/profile/join/

#DAAAI

Job
SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Primary Location
United States-Indiana-Columbus-US, IN, Columbus, Sears Building
Job Type
Experienced - Exempt / Office
Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced
Job Posting
Jul 23, 2020, 8:42:21 PM
Unposting Date
Ongoing",3.9,"Cummins Inc.
3.9","Columbus, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1919,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
12,Principal/Sr Principal Data Scientist 3/4 - (TS/SCI/Poly),$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Research and Sciences

Qualifications:

At the heart of Defining Possible is our commitment to missions. In rapidly changing global security environments, Northrop Grumman brings informed insights and software-secure technology to enable strategic planning. We're looking for innovators who can help us keep building on our wide portfolio of secure, affordable, integrated, and multi-domain systems and technologies that fuel those missions. By joining in our shared mission, we'll support yours of expanding your personal network and developing skills, whether you are new to the field or an industry thought-leader. At Northrop Grumman, you'll have the resources, support, and team to do some of the best work of your career.

Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you. As a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide. We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be. As we continue to build our workforce, we look for people that exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach to innovation.

Northrop Grumman Mission Systems has an exciting opportunity for a Principal / Sr Principal Data Scientist who will be a member of a program's Data Science Team. Our ideal candidate will create data exploitation architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets.

This position will be based in Chantilly, VA.

This position may be filled as a level 3 or level 4.

CIMS
NGMSCIMS",3.8,"Northrop Grumman
3.8","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
13,Data Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Location: * Davenport, IA. Position is in-house, applicants must be willing to commute or relocate.
What we do: *
TapOnIt is revolutionizing the way businesses attract and connect with customers via their powerful messaging platform. A female-founded company launched in April 2015 by Katie Castillo-Wilson and her sister Sara Castillo, TapOnIt has quickly emerged as a leader in message tech space and is ramping up for exponential growth.

How? We leverage direct messages (SMS / MMS) and a rich mobile web interface to deliver meaningful communications to targeted & smart audiences. With text messages having a 99% open-rate - including 90% opened within three minutes of being received - TapOnIt technology delivers immediate visibility and results for brands at a fraction of the cost of traditional forms of advertising. Our tech has continued to evolve over the last five years, and our branded product, TapOnIt Deals, has provided valuable insight and a proven record of success.
You’ll spend time on: *
Maintaining data warehouse
Performing quality control tests
Developing external web services
Utilizing REST APIs to integrate with 3rd party systems
Being part of a highly motivated team working with agile methodologies
Working in an innovative and fast moving environment
Minimum qualifications: *
BSc/MSc in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, Machine Learning or similar quantitative discipline
2-3 years of experience in a Data Engineering or similar role
Working experience in SQL (SQL Server, PostgreSQL)
Familiarity with Linux systems will be considered as a plus
Preferred qualifications: *
Knowledge of the mobile industry and text messaging
Able to work in an agile environment
Excellent oral and written English communication skills, willing to work and coordinate with multiple teams for solution delivery
Excellent leadership skills and ability to drive solutions, take initiative, meet deadlines and deliver results.
What we offer: *
A startup environment that is fast-paced, agile and collaborative with few rigid boundaries
Meaningful, hi-tech projects that make a difference
Competitive compensation package with bonus opportunities
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Training according to your desired path and development needs
Free coffee, snacks & company swag
Casual dress code, because we want you to feel comfortable
Hypoallergenic office dog: )
A company culture that values employees’ unique skills and allows them to grow
Equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
We practice social distancing, temperature monitoring, routine cleaning of shared spaces, and have masks and disinfectants available to employees at all times.

Experience:
Data Engineering: 2 years (Required)
Linux: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL Server: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Davenport, IA 52803 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.taponittech.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/taponitdeals/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.8,"TapOnIt Mobile Deals
2.8","Davenport, IA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Unknown,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
14,Data Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Transforming the future of healthcare isnt something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact.
As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities.
Here at Change Healthcare, were using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life.

If youre ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company thats committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare.
Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all.
Empower Your Future. Make a Difference.


Title:

AI Data Scientist

Overview of Position

The Data Scientist will be responsible for supporting Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Science solutions for Change Healthcare, reporting to an AI Data Science leader under the Chief AI Officer. Were looking for data scientists with a passion for artificial intelligence to help drive a new generation of data and machine learning enabled services and products to impact healthcare.

You will enjoy working with a highly talented and diverse team of data scientists specializing in deep learning, active learning, and classical machine learning, one of the richest data sets in US healthcare, nearly limitless cloud compute resources including Spark clusters and GPUs, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products.

The ideal candidate will have a background in machine learning, have experience working with large data sets, and have some experience in building and deploying data-driven innovative AI solutions. You are focused on results, a self-starter, able to put the customer first, team first, and have demonstrated success in using data science to develop and deploy AI solutions with a focus on customer impact. You also are able to rapidly prototype new ideas and methods to deliver quality code that is testable and concise.

What will be my duties and responsibilities in this job?
Use AI/ML technologies to innovate current Chang Healthcare operations. The tasks of innovation include, but not limited to: Smart revenue management, Intelligent payment platform, medical chart reading, code reading with noisy and incomplete OCR documents, Conversational AI to facilitate customer services and other healthcare related use cases
Work closely with business and operations to understand the business requirements. To be able convert ambiguous requirements to mathematical AI models that can be trained and deployed to solve business problems
Have strong implementation skills to the proposed solutions and work closely with engineering team to create product pipelines that are scalable and flexible
Willing to work in an agile and fast-moving working environment
Passion for learning and innovating at new AI technologies that can facilitate future projects
What are the requirements needed for this position?
Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, bioinformatics or other hardcore technical fields with profound mathematical training. Proficient in translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework
Fluency in one of the scripting languages, such as: Python, Scalar, PySpark and others
Experience with Spark, MapReduce and other big data processing tools is preferred
Familiar with both SQL and noSQL databases, ability to write efficient queries in SQL
Expertise in NLU/NLP, Conversational AI
Expertise with one of the Deep Learning platforms, such as, TensorFlow, Pytorch, and Keras
Expertise in Knowledge Graph and personalization
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner
Familiar with AWS and its components, such as EMR, S3, EC2, SageMaker. or customer build AI Platform
What other skills/experience would be helpful to have?
Ph.D. with experiences on medical coding, medical chart reading, entity detection, and other reading comprehension using AI/NLP technologies
Ph.D. with experience on big data processing in the areas of Revenue cycle management includes, but not limited to, risk management, payment accuracy, smart reconciliation, etc...
Ph.D. with experiences on conversational AI technologies, such as AI model for intent detection, NER, dialog management and other related components
Experience with medical ontologies, medical Knowledge Graph that links multiple entities, such as patients, providers, and payers. Possess the ability to run large scale inference on top of KG and generate business values
Experience with medical image processing, diagnosis based on images and narratives using AI technologies
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of partners (product managers, engineers, designers, senior executives)
What are the working conditions and physical requirements of this job?
General office demands
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement

Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf.

If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with ""Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation"" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy.

Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws.",2.8,"Change Healthcare
2.8","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
15,Cyber Data Modeler,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"McLean 1 (19050), United States of America, McLean, Virginia

At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Cyber Data Modeler

At Capital One, data is at the center of everything we do. When we launched as a startup we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making.

As a Data Modeler at Capital One, youll be part of a team thats leading the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in distributed computing and simulation technologies and operating across billions of transactions to unlock the big opportunities. Be ready to join a community of the smartest people youve ever met, who put the customer first, and want to use their data and modeling skills to make a difference.

Specifically you will:
Join our Enterprise Cyber Modeling Team and drive the agenda for quantitative risk development
Develop mathematical models for complex adaptive systems from development through testing and validation to production
Work fluently with a variety of information sources and connect detailed analysis of cyber data with qualitative feedback from users
Present to and work with senior leadership and cross-functional teams to deliver on strategic and operational intent
Process and investigate large, messy data sets of numerical and textual data
Integrate with external data sources and APIs to discover interesting trends
Design innovative data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to customers or company leaders
Investigate the impact of new technologies on the future of cyber security in digital banking and the financial world of tomorrow
We expect to see:
Whether demonstrated through academic or professional experience, youll be at ease with numbers and enjoy solving problems that present numerically
Youll have examples of where your outstanding judgement and critical thinking has delivered business impact
A desire and drive to succeed. Youll be used to working across multiple teams and consider broad cyber and business perspectives
Example achievements that show a high level of ownership and where youve made things happen through your ambition and focus on results
An open mindset in your approach to change and personal development
Basic Qualifications:
High School Diploma, GED, or equivalent certification
At least 2 year of experience in data analytics
At least 1 year of experience with Python or R
At least 1 year of experience with relational databases and SQL
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
Professional security management certification: AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner, or Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), or Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)
2+ years of experience in Python or R
2+ years of experience with SQL
1+ years of experience with Tableau
1+ years of experience in Cyber Security
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.",3.9,"Capital One
3.9","Richmond, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
16,Azure Data Engineer,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Country:
United States

Cities:
Denver, Los Angeles, Phoenix, San Francisco, Seattle

Area of expertise:
Analytics

Job Description

Why Avanade:
14-time winner of Microsoft Partner of the Year
24,000+ certifications in Microsoft technology
90+ Microsoft partner awards
17 Gold Competencies
3,500 analytics professionals worldwide
1,000 data engineers
Implemented analytics systems for more than 550 clients
400 AI practitioners
300 cognitive service experts

Do you enjoy making sure that information is accessible and easy to use? So do we.

You’re a data designer who knows how to find, store and present a range of information from different sources so that everyone can access what they need quickly and simply, and use it effectively.

About You:
You draw on your considerable experience in bringing data and statistics to life to solve sometimes complex problems, and you’re comfortable looking after several projects at once. You’re able to make your own decisions while at the same time supporting more junior team members.

About the Role:
As a Senior Consultant, Data Engineering, you know the importance of data to the business. You design and set up projects that bring together information from a variety of sources, to enable analysis and decision-making. You make sure that data is accessible and easy to use, so that it can be used for routine and ad-hoc analysis.

Day-to-day you will:
Use your knowledge to plan and deliver data warehouse and storage
Take part in designing and running bespoke data services for individual projects
Stay up to date with business best practice in using and retrieving data
Design, develop, adapt and maintain data warehouse architecture and relational databases that support data mining
Create and use effective metrics and monitoring processes
Support deal teams by providing subject knowledge and solutions for client proposals
Author reports that include key performance indicators show where current operations can be improved, and identify the causes of any problems
Create and maintain report forms and formats, information dashboards, data generators and canned reports, as well as other information portals and resources
Travel as required

Your Skills and Experience Include:
Database, storage, collection and aggregation models, techniques and technologies and how to apply them in business
Employing statistical and data visualization tools and techniques
Experience in structured problem solving
Great project and people management
Using SharePoint, PowerPivot, SRRS, Excel – including pivot tables and macros
Working with SQL.

Education:
You’re likely to have a Bachelor’s degree in Applied Mathematics, Statistics or another relevant field, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. You also have five to seven years of relevant professional experience.


Apply now",3.9,"AVANADE
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,2000,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
17,"Medical Lab Technologist- MLT, Clinical Lab Scientist- Microbiology",$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Position Type: * Can be full-time or part-time (looking for full-time tech and PRN tech)
*Scheduled Hours per 2 week Pay Period: * 16-20 hrs
*Primary Location: * Eustis, Florida REFERENCE LAB

*Shift: * Flexible-8 hr shift weekend

*Job Summary*
Performs laboratory analysis on received specimens, providing clinical information for diagnosis, treatment and prevention of diseases. Responsible for overall quality, efficiency, and safety in the performance of assigned technical duties in the Microbiology and Molecular departments.

*Essential Function*

· Demonstrates proficiency and follows testing procedures and policies by adherence to quality assurance guidelines for equipment and work area, documenting corrective action to any non-conforming event.

· Prepares reagents, maintains an adequate supply of materials for test procedures and manages inventory to effectively reduce departmental waste/expense.

· Exercises clinical judgment in assessing priorities while identifying, problem solving and offering solutions to test systems through the appropriate department channels, i.e. contacts hotline to troubleshoot with a specialist when necessary to resolve the issue or set-up service when appropriate.

· Maintains clear, real time communications shift-to-shift and with leadership regarding issues, concerns and problems which may affect patient care or the operation of the department.

· Participates in competency assessment program, where qualified.

· Enter data from analysis of medical tests or clinical results into LIS system.

*EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED**: *

· Associates Degree minimum, Bachelor’s degree preferred

· Science degree meeting state licensure requirements (64B3-5.003).

· *Plate Reading and Molecular testing experience preferred**.*

*LICENSURE, CERTIFICATION OR REGISTRATION REQUIRED**: *
State of Florida- Medical Technologist License in at least one specialty: (Microbiology specialty required) Clinical Chemistry, Hematology, Molecular and/or Serology

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* Dental insurance
* Health insurance
Schedule:
* Day shift

Experience:
* Microbiology: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location:
* One location

This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
* Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous

This Company Describes Its Culture as:
* Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused

Company's website:
* Mid-florida Pathology

Company's Facebook page:
* Mid-florida Pathology

Benefit Conditions:
* Only full-time employees eligible

Work Remotely:
* No",-1,Mid-Florida Pathology,"Eustis, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
18,Data Analyst,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"EMPLOYMENT VALUE PROPOSITION: Mental Health Center of Denver provides you with the support you need to help you develop a career in helping others succeed. We innovate, adapt, and leverage the diverse perspectives of the people on our team and the people we serve in everything we do.

Learn what it is like to work at the Mental Health Center of Denver:


STARTING SALARY: $48,006.40 - $55,016.00

Position Summary: Utilizes clinical services and operational data to assess outcomes and effectiveness associated with MHCD's service programs and operational processes. Collects data to answer evaluation and research questions that may arise from program requirements, management and/or staff. Develops summative and formative analytics and evaluation reports for delivery to staff, management, and external stakeholders. Position will primarily be assigned to our criminal justice programs, specifically a court/jail diversion program.

Essential job functions
Collects and prepares data for reporting as required under the research or evaluation plan using SQL and Excel.
Performs individual and group interviews with persons we serve, staff, and stakeholders.
Conducts analyses using SQL, Excel, and R
Prepares and submits analytic, research, and/or evaluation reports as needed
Develops presentations and documents
Writes sections of grants, papers, and other research materials
Interacts with managers and staff to review and edit reports as needed
Other duties as assigned.
Education: Minimum of bachelor's degree in statistics, social or behavioral research, or another related field.

Experience: Minimum of one-year experience with statistical analyses, data collection and processing, and\or program evaluation within a healthcare environment.

Skills and Competencies:
Proficiency with evaluation and research methods
Proficiency with T-SQL and R.
Proficiency with basic statistical techniques and data wrangling methods
Ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical audiences.
Commitment to high quality research and analyses.
Ability to organize and prioritize work, handle multiple assignments, and meet deadlines in an agile development environment.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: No direct supervision of staff.

MACHINES AND EQUIPMENT TO BE USED: PC Computer, MS Office software, MS SQL Server Management Studio, Tableau, R

TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Requires sitting, standing, bending and reaching. May require lifting up to 50 pounds. Requires manual dexterity sufficient to operate standard office machines such as computers, fax machines, the telephone and other office and/or clinical equipment.

TYPICAL MENTAL DEMANDS: Ability to give, receive, and analyze information, formulate work plans, prepare written materials, and articulate goals and action plans. Must understand people from all walks of life and be able to communicate effectively with them.

WORKING CONDITIONS: May require occasional evening or weekend hours.",4.0,"Mental Health Center of Denver
4.0","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
19,Spectral Research Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

The Defense group at Leidos currently has an opening for a Spectral Research Scientist to work in Springfield, VA on the RECON project, in support of the NGA's Research Directorate. This is an exciting opportunity to work with cutting edge technology in an R&D environment and support critical warfighter missions.

Responsibilities:

Apply remote sensing principles, over-the-horizon radar system concepts, and an understanding of the earth’s ionosphere to conduct research focused on target tracking. Moreover, research methods to combine and fuse track data generated from disparate and noisy sources and that, in the aggregate, can generate relevant intelligence information.

Develop research objectives, methodology, run experiments, and document outcomes.

Collect and locate existing data and collect new sources as needed to meet goals.

Work in a team of scientists and engineers collaboratively to meet outcomes.

Requirements:

M.S. in Physics or Engineering and 6-10 years of relevant experience

Active TS/SCI

Working experience with algorithm development, Matlab and/or Python scripting, HPC, image science, signal processing, EO/IR systems, and atmospheric science

Ability to learn new concepts and apply them to meet research objectives

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Alexandria, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
20,Machine Learning Research Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"201 Third Street (61049), United States of America, San Francisco, California

At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Machine Learning Research Scientist
Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, youll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs.

What Youll Do:

In Capital Ones Center for Machine Learning, youll be using your knowledge to solve business problems across multiple important domains. Our Applied Research team develops novel applications of cutting-edge ML to create the future of financial services. Youll be leading a team of researchers working in innovation areas that are critical for the future of the industry. These may include computer vision, representation learning, explainability, fairness, machine learning on graphs, Bayesian deep learning, AutoML, and any other topics that you feel are critical. Your work will result in both important impact in core business areas as well as in publications and open source projects.

Youll be a good fit for this team if you prefer to push yourself outside your intellectual comfort zone, enjoy elevating your colleagues and excelling together, tend to bemoan business-as-usual projects/products, and take pride in sharing your knowledge with both technical and non-technical audiences. On this team youll get the opportunity to create things you are deeply proud of, find connections between disparate phenomena, keep up with the latest Machine Learning advances, and dig deeply into the math and the code behind them while using your expertise to develop ideas no one has tried before.

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
At least 3 years of experience with Python, C++ or Scala
At least 3 years of experience with Tensorflow, Torch, PyMC3, or Stan
At least 2 years of experience applying statistical methods and Machine Learning algorithms
At least 2 years of experience conducting Machine Learning research
Preferred Qualifications:
Masters Degree or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Machine Learning, Statistics, Applied Math, Physics, or related field
At least 2 years of experience solving concrete business problems utilizing Machine Learning

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.",3.9,"Capital One
3.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
21,Junior Data Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"What Great Looks Like In This Role

Our ideal teammate is someone who is a continuous learner who can adapt and thrive in complex, uncertain and changing situations. Someone who enjoys tackling complex tasks in a collaborative environment is well-suited to a position on our team. Self-motivated individuals comfortable working in a challenging, fast paced, technical environment are highly encouraged to apply!

You Are Able To Demonstrate This Through

A track record of thinking outside the box, taking initiative, and promoting innovation and change-making Ownership, commitment and follow-through in achieving results in school or work projects
Managing priorities effectively and adapting quickly to achieve goals
Pursuing opportunities for continuous learning to develop new skills and perspectives

About the Data Science Development Program

The Data Science Development Program (DSDP) trains junior team members to become well-rounded data scientists within three years. The development program includes high impact project work, mentorship from senior data scientists, in-house training and workshops, and sponsorship for graduate level coursework at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.

Data Science Development Program Highlights:
High-impact project work: Junior data scientists work together with MassMutuals data scientists to solve challenging problems in finance,

operations, marketing, digital initiatives, security, and product development.

Interdisciplinary learning: In the DSDP, junior data scientists are exposed to multiple fields within and adjacent to data science such as data visualization, software engineering, and enterprise architecture.

Mentorship: Peer mentors and senior mentors across data science domains are paired with each member of the DSDP
Training & Development: In-house workshops, tech-talks, seminars, and team-wide learning challenges such as our annual Month of Code

are available to all development program members.

Academic coursework: Members of the DSDP engage in graduate-level courses at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in computer science and statistics according to an individually tailored development plan.

Volunteer & Community Opportunities: Team members have many opportunities to volunteer throughout the year. Junior data scientists volunteer at hackathons throughout the state, attend community data events, speak at external talks, and participate in community data for good efforts annually..

About Us

The MassMutual Data Labs in downtown Amherst consists of a dynamic team that is actively engaged in dozens of high-impact projects across the enterprise, frequently working remotely with teams based in Springfield, MA, New York, and Boston. Our environment and workspace reflects our dedication to innovation and learning, and has a collaborative, start-up vibe. We hold weekly training meetings to present technical ideas, new models, or interesting code libraries.

Junior Data Scientist Duties Include
Statistical analysis
Programming in R and Python
Data ingestion and data cleaning
Model building, testing, deployment, and maintenance Building visualizations
Presenting and explaining output
Executive presentations and discussions
Adherence to internal standards in data science Collaboration across functions and business units

Application Instructions
To finalize your application for consideration, all applicants must submit a portfolio. For instructions, visit https://datascience.massmutual.com/dsdp/apply

We accept applications from early career professionals and graduating students from undergraduate and graduate programs.

Minimum qualifications

Bachelors degree

Academic study or independent training in computational, quantitative, or technical fields, such as computer science, math, physics, or statistics

Working knowledge of Python, R, and SQL
Quantitative and technical skills in math and computer science Community engagement, involvement, and volunteerism Demonstrated leadership and change-making
Strong communication skills

Preferred qualifications

Enthusiastic about pursuing an interdisciplinary career in data science, analytics, and technology Research and/or practical experience in related fields
Demonstrated work experience through part time employment, internships, or professional endeavors

Committed to Diversity and Inclusion

Our employees are the embodiment of the idea that we all are stronger and better through our support for one another. By valuing people for who they are, how they think, and what they bring to the table, weve become a stronger, more innovative company. We continue to receive external recognition for our policies and programs that seek to create a diverse and inclusive environment.

Americas Best Employer for Diversity Forbes (2019)
Score of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index (2019)
National Association for Female Executives Top Company for Executive Women (2018) Disability Equality Index (DEI) Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion (2019) Diversity Best Practices Inclusion Index Company (2018)",3.8,"MassMutual
3.8","Amherst, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1851,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
22,Senior Scientist - Vaccines,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB DESCRIPTION

Title: Senior Scientist

Division / Dept.: Serology – Vaccines

Location: Richmond, VA (Office Based)

Note: Full time, Benefits, Relocation Assistance Available

PPD is a leading global contract research organization. At PPD we are passionate, deliberate, and driven by our purpose - to improve health!

PPD Laboratories offers the most comprehensive set of laboratory services available in the industry. Our scientists work together to accelerate pharmaceutical development for small molecules, biologics, and vaccines -allowing our clients to make faster decisions about their compounds.

As an Sr. Scientist, you will be an emerging scientific leader that is passionate about science, coaching and engaging analysts and overseeing laboratory operations on a daily basis.

PPD offers continued career advancement as an Sr. Scientist, as well as management and specialized opportunities in other departments within PPD.

At PPD, we hire the best, develop ourselves and each other, and recognize the power of being one team. It's not just talk - our award winning training programs speak for themselves.

Summarized Purpose:

Performs complex laboratory analysis of pharmaceutical products and proficiently uses analytical instrumentation, calculates and analyzes data and records data in adherence with PPD SOP's and the industry.
Routinely acts as the project leader on multiple projects, interacts with clients, reviews and evaluates data, writes reports and protocols.
Responsible for the scientific conduct of the project and communication of regulatory issues with senior level team members.
To learn how PPD can advance your career, apply now!

PPD Richmond Labs Overview:

BioA Overview:

https://www.ppd.com/our-solutions/ppd-laboratories/bioanalytical-lab/

LinkedIn Video Landing Page:

https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/ppd-laboratories/?feedView=videos

#GD

#LI-JC1

PPDLABS

Job Qualification

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in lab sciences such as biology, biochemistry, immunology, chemistry, molecular biology or similar
Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to 5+ years’) or equivalent combination of education, training, & experience.
OR Masters degree and previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable 3+ years)
OR PhD (comparable to 0+ years)

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Independently performs method validations, method transfers and analytical testing of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical compounds in a variety of formulations and/or delivery systems.
Understands and conforms to methods and protocols applicable to assigned tasks.
Designs and executes experiments with minimal supervision.
Prepares study protocols, project status reports, final study reports and other project-related technical documents.
Communicates data and technical issues to the client and responds to client needs and questions.
Mentors, trains and coordinates laboratory activities of other team members and assists in troubleshooting instrument and analytical problems.
Assists with quality systems and new equipment.
Assists in designing method validation or method transfer protocols and establish project timelines.
Reviews, interprets, and analyzes data for technical, quality and compliance to protocols, methods, SOPs, client criteria and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) or Good Laboratory Practices (GLP).
Performs self and peer review of the data for accuracy and compliance with reporting requirements prior to submission to QA and issuance to customers.
Solid understanding and knowledge of general chemistry and separation science
Full understanding of laboratory requirements, PPD & client SOPs, ICH guidelines, USP requirements and FDA guidance
Ability to utilize Microsoft Excel and Word to perform tasks
Ability to work in a collaborative work environment with a team
Proven problem solving and troubleshooting abilities
Ability to train junior staff

PPD Benefits Overview:

PPD offers comprehensive benefits including medical, dental, vision, pharmacy, employee assistance program, wellness program options and more.

Other benefits include:

401k with matching contributions, life insurance, long term and short term disability insurance, flexible medical and dependent care spending accounts.
Work life balance programs including paid time off for vacation/sick time, paid holidays, floating holiday and vacation sell back program.
Wellness benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness facility access or discount, health coaching and more.
Education reimbursement and tuition assistance programs, professional development training, skills training, education loan repayment plan, dependent scholarship program and more.
Employee appreciation events, service recognition awards, annual reviews, merit plans and bonus plans
Community connections and activities including philanthropic engagement, volunteer service projects and more
Other great options including pet insurance, legal and financial services plan, auto and home insurance discounts.

Below Is Listed The Working Environment/requirements For This Role

PPD values the health and wellbeing of our employees. We support and encourage individuals to create a healthy and balanced environment where they can thrive.

Able to communicate, receive, and understand information and ideas with diverse groups of people in a comprehensible and reasonable manner
Able to work upright and stationary and/or standing for typical working hours
Able to lift and move objects up to 25 pounds
Able to work in non-traditional work environments
Able to use and learn standard office equipment and technology with proficiency
May have exposure to potentially hazardous elements, including infectious agents, typically found in healthcare or laboratory environments
Able to perform successfully under pressure while prioritizing and handling multiple projects or activities

Diversity Statement
PPD is proud to be an affirmative action employer that values diversity as a strength and fosters an environment of mutual respect. PPD is committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, pregnancy, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or status within any other protected group.",3.8,"PPD
3.8","Richmond, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
23,Senior Data Analyst,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Looking for an innovative, creative, passionate, and fun company in OC? Then, let us introduce ourselves. We are MobilityWare and we make fun for a living! Our mobile games have been rocking the app store since its inception and we regularly show up in top lists for most popular games. We recently reached over 350 million downloads across our portfolio of games!

We've been voted 2015, 2016, 2017 & 2018 Best Places to Work in Orange County by the Orange County Business Journal and OC Register! Headquartered in Irvine, CA., our flagship game, Solitaire, was released on the day the App Store opened in 2008. Other titles include Blackjack, FreeCell, Destination Solitaire and Spider Solitaire, to name a few. Our vision is to create the most exciting mobile games and have fun doing it.

Position Summary

As a Data Analyst, you will support the product team within depth analyses related to in-game activity, user behaviors, retention, funnel and monetization analysis, and provide insights to enhance the user experience. Your work will directly influence what features are built, prioritization of the roadmap and estimate expected return on these efforts. You'll be responsible for creating, monitoring and building dashboards, models and ad hoc analyses to support product efforts to drive user retention and in-game monetization. In addition to the product team, you will work closely with the DBAs, Marketing, and Monetization teams to create actionable insights.

Responsibilities
Create in-depth analyses, tools and dashboards to highlight the in-game behaviors that drive revenue activities and user retention
Work with our marketing and product teams to deliver insights into user performance and make recommendations that enhance the user acquisition activities
Work as a key member of the BI team to support in-game analyses including review of events captured, troubleshooting data discrepancies, and anomalies
Work closely with the monetization team on continuous forecasting of various revenue models
Stay up to date on current and upcoming innovations and capabilities in the mobile gaming space
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree (advanced preferred) in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Math, Economics or in Computer Science with Modeling/Data Science coursework
3+ Years Work Experience in gaming or mobile gaming analytics, including experience with building predictive models
Advanced SQL skills
Familiarity with relational databases, MS SQL, data transformation, data mining, and ad hoc analysis
Experience with statistical inference and advanced analytics techniques (A|B testing, ANOVA, regression, decision trees etc.)
Understanding of basic Data Engineering principles like ETL and data warehousing
Familiarity with customer data platforms (CDP) like deltaDNA, LeanPlum, TreasureData etc.
Ability to work productively with others in a highly collaborative manner
Why you should work for us:
Awesome Perks: free lunch, free snacks, free drink, free Annual Company trip
Casual workplace - yes, flip flops and shorts are pretty much an everyday thing
Growth, growth, growth - we are growing and we would love for you to join us on the ride
We also want to take care of our team so we've got profit sharing incentives, medical, dental (100% paid), vision (100% paid), Unlimited PTO/Vacation, life insurance (100% paid), and 401K
Awesome office smack dab in the middle of OC and 2 minutes off the 5 freeway
Amazing talent: We've got some heavy hitters from the industry who embody both brilliance AND humility",4.4,"MobilityWare
4.4","Irvine, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
24,Senior Data Analyst,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Senior Scientist

Work Location: Hayward, CA.

Job Description:

Mawi DNA Technologies is an emerging biotechnology focused on biosample collection technologies. Our iSWAB-Microbiome product is a disruptive technology currently being used globally for COVID-19 sample collection. We arecurrently seeking a Senior Scientist to lead R&D activities at our Headquarters in Hayward, CA. This is a full-time position.

The Senior Scientist will be responsible for performing routine molecular biology lab duties such as DNA/RNA extraction, PCR, QPCR and all associated sample preps for next-generation sequencing and gene expression. Will also be involved in New Product Development and working with our Regulatory team to meet testing and documentation requirements for regulatory submissions.

Responsibilities:

• Perform functional testing for all Mawi’s sample stabilization products to ensure high quality products are delivered to our customers

• Optimize DNA and RNA extraction protocols for existing sample collection technologies

• Develop new sample collection technologies

• Perform and document all specimen test procedures with accuracy, consistency, and timeliness in accordance with laboratory SOPs and regulatory guidelines.

• Assist with the generation and updating of laboratory SOPs.

• Perform basic lab maintenance tasks such as ordering laboratory reagents, oligonucleotides, and other lab supplies, and keeping detailed lab records.

• Synthesize and interpret results. Prepare verbal + written status reports.

• Develop modifications of existing assay techniques, experimental protocols or new procedures.

• Actively promote Mawi products and services in a manner that best represents the organization.

• Providing product support and technical expertise to existing and potential customers.

Preferred Qualifications and Desired Traits/Skills:

• MS in life science area (Preferably Genomics) + 5 Years of Laboratory based work experience OR • PhD + 2 Years of Laboratory based work experience.

• Working knowledge of Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) and other relevant regulatory agency standards such as FDA, EU and ISO.

• Experience and knowledge about technical file or design files submissions to regulatory agencies is a plus

• Experience and knowledge working with NGS platforms and DNA/RNA library construction.

• Experience and knowledge working with paramagnetic bead-based or traditional DNA/RNA extractions

• Familiar with NGS platforms such as Illumina and PacBio platforms.

• Knowledge of liquid handling robotics.

• Knowledge of lab safety and infection control procedures & practices including standard precautions and hazardous chemical handling.

• Must demonstrate excellent organizational skills and ability to manage a large amount of technical data and documentation.

• Positive attitude, resilient, high energy, passionate, competitive, and integrity required.

• Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, managers and company clients.

• Proficient in Microsoft Applications (word, excel, ppt, Office 365)

• Capable of statistically analyzing kit performance.

• Knowledge of Design Control procedures is a plus.

• Knowledge of factorial experimental design Assay Development is critical.

• Articulate, with excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: Up to $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
NGS: 1 year (Preferred)
Molecular biology: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.mawidna.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"MobilityWare
4.4","Irvine, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
25,Senior Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Senior Scientist

Work Location: Hayward, CA.

Job Description:

Mawi DNA Technologies is an emerging biotechnology focused on biosample collection technologies. Our iSWAB-Microbiome product is a disruptive technology currently being used globally for COVID-19 sample collection. We arecurrently seeking a Senior Scientist to lead R&D activities at our Headquarters in Hayward, CA. This is a full-time position.

The Senior Scientist will be responsible for performing routine molecular biology lab duties such as DNA/RNA extraction, PCR, QPCR and all associated sample preps for next-generation sequencing and gene expression. Will also be involved in New Product Development and working with our Regulatory team to meet testing and documentation requirements for regulatory submissions.

Responsibilities:

• Perform functional testing for all Mawi’s sample stabilization products to ensure high quality products are delivered to our customers

• Optimize DNA and RNA extraction protocols for existing sample collection technologies

• Develop new sample collection technologies

• Perform and document all specimen test procedures with accuracy, consistency, and timeliness in accordance with laboratory SOPs and regulatory guidelines.

• Assist with the generation and updating of laboratory SOPs.

• Perform basic lab maintenance tasks such as ordering laboratory reagents, oligonucleotides, and other lab supplies, and keeping detailed lab records.

• Synthesize and interpret results. Prepare verbal + written status reports.

• Develop modifications of existing assay techniques, experimental protocols or new procedures.

• Actively promote Mawi products and services in a manner that best represents the organization.

• Providing product support and technical expertise to existing and potential customers.

Preferred Qualifications and Desired Traits/Skills:

• MS in life science area (Preferably Genomics) + 5 Years of Laboratory based work experience OR • PhD + 2 Years of Laboratory based work experience.

• Working knowledge of Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) and other relevant regulatory agency standards such as FDA, EU and ISO.

• Experience and knowledge about technical file or design files submissions to regulatory agencies is a plus

• Experience and knowledge working with NGS platforms and DNA/RNA library construction.

• Experience and knowledge working with paramagnetic bead-based or traditional DNA/RNA extractions

• Familiar with NGS platforms such as Illumina and PacBio platforms.

• Knowledge of liquid handling robotics.

• Knowledge of lab safety and infection control procedures & practices including standard precautions and hazardous chemical handling.

• Must demonstrate excellent organizational skills and ability to manage a large amount of technical data and documentation.

• Positive attitude, resilient, high energy, passionate, competitive, and integrity required.

• Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with co-workers, managers and company clients.

• Proficient in Microsoft Applications (word, excel, ppt, Office 365)

• Capable of statistically analyzing kit performance.

• Knowledge of Design Control procedures is a plus.

• Knowledge of factorial experimental design Assay Development is critical.

• Articulate, with excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: Up to $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
NGS: 1 year (Preferred)
Molecular biology: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.mawidna.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Mawi DNA Technologies,"Hayward, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
26,Data Engineer,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"77 West Wacker Dr (35012), United States of America, Chicago, Illinois

At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Data Engineer

Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative,inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs.

We are seeking Data Engineers who will be a part of a team thats building new analytical and machine learning tools and frameworks to exploit advantages in the latest developments in cloud computing. As aCapital One Data Engineer, youll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about#lifeatcapitalone and our commitment todiversity & inclusion by jumping toslides 25-40 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report.

What Youll Do:
Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies
Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems
Utilize programming languages like Java, Scala, Python and Open Source RDBMS and NoSQL databases and Cloud based data warehousing services such as Snowflake
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Perform unit tests and conducting reviews with other team members to make sure your code is rigorously designed, elegantly coded, and effectively tuned for performance
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
At least 2 years of experience in application development
At least 1 years of experience in big data technologies (Cassandra, Accumulo, HBase, Spark, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, or Zookeeper)
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's Degree
3+ years of experience in application development
1+ year experience working on streaming data applications (Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, and Flink
1+ years of experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or another public cloud service
1+ years of experience with Ansible / Terraform
2+ years of experience with Agile engineering practices
1+ years in-depth experience with the Hadoop stack (MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Hbase)
1+ years of experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo, Cassandra)
2+ years of experience developing Java based software solutions
2+ years of experience in at least one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell)
2+ years of experience developing software solutions to solve complex business problems
2+ years of experience with UNIX/Linux including basic commands and shell scripting
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.",3.9,"Capital One
3.9","Rolling Meadows, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
27,Senior IT Data Engineer,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

As the Senior IT Data Engineer, you will be a member of a multi-disciplinary team that supports the Joint Regional Security Stack (JRSS). You interface with other technical teams, DISA personnel, vendor technical support, and with technical representatives from DoD services. You will work as part of an integrated, cross-platform team to provide military base/post/camp/station migration support services DoD-wide as the JRSS stacks are deployed and used for operations. You will leverage your understanding of Kafka, modern data architectures and Data Streaming to support the design, development, implementation and automation of enterprise level solutions for our DoD customers. You will support requirements analysis, systems design, integration, testing, and associated documentation. You will also provide tier 3 support for the operations and maintenance of fielded systems.

Primary Responsibilities
Support the design and implement the Data Ingest pipeline

Ensure throughput and capacity of Kafka Connect
Normalize data feeds into a common schema for ingestion into Elastic and into mission partner systems
Enrich data feeds with derived metadata
Route incoming data feeds into topic topology
Support the addition of new data sources
Support changes in schemas
Implement any data reduction strategies such as duplicate event aggregation

Support the design, publishing and maintenance of schemas

Schema design and optimization
Maintain Schema Registry
Work with mission partners to leverage schemas and data

Develop connectors for non-standard data sources

Manage Topics

Establish naming conventions
Design topic hierarchies
Optimize and manage partitions
Design and manage partition placement
Handle partition balancing

Support the development and implementation of automation

Build out Ansible deployment of Confluent components
Build out Ansible deployment of replication configuration
Manage Ansible for operations (upgrades, scaling, etc.)
Provide Ansible toolkit for mission partners

Build User Defined Functions (UDF) to support real time streaming data processing & analytics in KSQL

Build, optimize, and maintain KStreams processing jobs

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience/combined education, with 12+ years of experience; or 10+ years of professional experience with a related Master’s degree.
Experience with Kafka
Experience with RedHat Linux
Experience with KSQL
Experience with Ansible
Experience with data architectures and data streaming
U.S. citizenship and an active DoD Secret clearance. In addition, you must be able to successfully obtain up to Top Secret based on requirements from the customer and program.
DoD 8570 IATII certification

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with enterprise level architecture design and development
Experience with container technologies
Experience with multiple scripting/programming languages (e.g., Python, Java, etc.)
Good Debugging Skills and troubleshooting skills
Good written and oral communication skills

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
Yes

Clearance Level Required:
Secret

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Engineering

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Springfield, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
28,Data Analyst,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"A career at T. Rowe Price says you want to contribute and make a difference at a leading global investment management firm where success results from the dedication our associates have in building success for our clients. We are a growing organization of associates from diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives.
We take a long-term view on associates and their careers. Our associates do phenomenal work with purpose, and as a result, we provide growth opportunities through in-person and online training, management development programs, and career development on the job.
If you are seeking a meaningful work experience along with a workplace culture that thrives on teamwork, we invite you to explore the opportunity to join us.


In this role, you will act as the main interface between technology and a specific business/functional area. Incumbents help define business requirements, ensure that work is prioritized by business value and in alignment with the overarching business and technical strategies, ensure clear and defined acceptance criteria needed to execute relevant and meaningful test cases, ensure clear communication of the problem definition, current state, requirements, analysis and user stories to the appropriate stakeholders, and assist with the triage of production-related issues identified by business or technology partners. This role requires working and conceptual knowledge in your job discipline, in which you will have the opportunity to perform a range of assignments.

Are you a dedicated professional who is accountable for your own work? Can you effectively cooperate with others to build sustainable processes and information? Are you able to tackle problems independently under general guidance? If so, we encourage you to apply.

Role summary and job responsibilities:
Defining business needs for new, existing and/or enhanced products, services, or optimized business processes
Active participation throughout the Agile Lifecycle
Working closely with a variety of internal and external business partners to ensure that all business requirements are understood, documented, and met
Applies a lean-agile mind-set to work and supports organizational agility
Efforts are focused on a specific system or business applications
Independently works with domain experts on low to medium complexity work to ensure clarity of the problem/opportunity and elicit business requirements
Demonstrating strong logic and reasoning capabilities
Analyzing data flows and identifying data anomalies
Delivering on well-specified work items
Using questions and proposals to clarify requirements when unclear
Leading discussions with the business on multiple options to help address the root cause, including various trade-offs and recommended approach
Responding to business inquiries related to system performance, including routine user support
Performing user acceptance testing for software updates
Business knowledge
You can apply your understanding of the Financial Services and Asset Management industries
Your work interconnects with the strategy of their team and/or department
You articulate business needs and translate them into technology solutions
Requirements
3+ years, typically
You can articulate all phases of the software development process
You understand relational data structures and are able to perform complex SQL queries and data analytics
You have strong written and verbal communication skills
Identify system/process/data impacts (upstream and downstream) and proposes appropriate alternatives/ remediation
Demonstrate some understanding in multiple technologies/ applications
Can explain basic technical concepts to a non-technical audience
Identify impacts across teams and coordinates to manage dependencies and potentially competing priorities
Job Family: Business Analyst

Level: KM2

T. Rowe Price is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity of thought, gender, and race. We believe our continued success depends upon the equal treatment of all associates and applicants for employment without discrimination on the basis of race, religion, creed, colour, national origin, sex, gender, age, mental or physical disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, citizenship status, military or veteran status, pregnancy, or any other classification protected by country, federal, state, or local law.",3.7,"T. Rowe Price
3.7","Baltimore, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1937,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
29,Biomedical Engineer / Project Scientist (Occupational Therapy),$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Travel Required: 10-25%
Public Trust: NACI (T1)
Requisition Type: Regular

GDIT's military health team is HIRING is a Biomedical Engineer / Project Scientist to join our team to support the Department of Army. This position is based in Frederick, Maryland.

The Biomedical Engineer / Project Scientist will support the Warfighter Health, Performance and Evacuation (WHPE) Product Management Organization (PMO) at the U.S. Army Medical Materiel Development Activity (USAMMDA).

Learn More about USAMMDA HERE

This task will require moderate (10-25%) travel to locations throughout the United States, as well as OCONUS locations TBD.

What You'll Be Doing:

Supporting one of three assemblages, and their respective contents, that compose the Holistic Health and Fitness (H2F) system - the Medical Equipment Set (MES) Occupational Therapy (MES-OT).
Conducting a systems analysis for all identified devices and assemblages (sets), to include communications interface, data modeling, systems security, information assurance, patient privacy, and program assessment to support integration planning and systems program management.
Developing documentation and implementing systems engineering, acquisition, and support strategies for assigned H2F products.
Developing systems engineering, program, and acquisition documentation in support of major acquisition decisions for assigned products and assemblages, as required.
Developing and implement a system engineering management process through the entire system engineering life cycle for assigned H2F products.
Developing and manage a test program that is consistent and aligns with the Program-wide Test and Evaluation Master Plan for assigned products and assemblages.
Compiling and document plans, processes, test objectives, test results, and other documentation as required for assigned H2F products.
Coordinating with required external program offices, to include but not limited to, Medical Communications for Combat Casualty Care (MC4), United States Army Medical Information Technology Center (USAMITC), and Defense Health Information Management System (DHIMS) to establish required systems integration, communication and security between all key components and sub-components to effectively satisfy program requirements.
Managing configuration control, ensure successful integration and interoperability, and champion life-cycle management of the H2F products by building integrated product team partnerships with other DoD organizations.
Participating in the requirements generation process with the Army Medical Department Center and School (AMEDD C&S), Medical Center of Excellence (MEDCoE), Capability Development Integration Directorate (CDID) for assigned H2F products, as required.
Conducting internal project requirements analysis for assigned H2F products to derive lower level requirements and system specifications with traceability from system specifications, through lower-level requirements, to the end user requirements represented in the CDID published requirements.
Preparing contract documentation to include but not limited to market research, acquisition strategy, independent government cost estimate, performance work statement, purchase request, justification & approval on contracts.
Performing logistical analysis and analyze materiel fielding as part of medical logistics project management.
Supporting and consulting with product management staff, OTSG consultants, requirements generators, and regulatory support to meet H2F program objectives
Developing and implementing the logistical strategic planning process for the provisioning of the subsystems that make up the Mission Equipment (ME).
Providing direct support of uniformed soldiers during test, evaluation, fielding, training exercises and warfighter assessments. This includes all levels of review and oversight of H2F and other supported systems as required.
Participating in discussions to analyze and interpret medical equipment to trend current practices to ensure inclusion of the most appropriate equipment and supplies in various medical unit assemblage publications
Participating in various discussions involving new or replacement medical equipment to ensure proper parallel planning and sharing of information for timely development, review, and publication of medical equipment configuration and unit assemblage and Set, Kit and Outfit (SKO) documents.
Participating in special projects as required.

What You'll Need (required):

Bachelor’s Degree in engineering or related discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, professional training, or work experience.
5+ years of related experience.
Possess a level of familiarity with Fitness and Rehabilitation Sciences, Network Engineering and DOD Risk Management Framework (RMF) requirements.
Have capability of applying subject matter expertise in the areas of Biomedical Engineering, System Engineering and the AMEDD process for developing, procuring, packing, marking, storing, and fielding SKOs.
Familiarity with the DoD Medical Supply Chain and Logistics Management infrastructure and systems.
Experience as a logistics planner or in performance based logistics with the Army with an understanding of the system function and effect on the defense supply system.
Must have experience with Microsoft Office, to include MS Outlook, MS Project, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel and MS Word.
Must be U.S. citizen and be able to obtain a T1.

Attributes for Success:

Excellent oral and written communications skills.

#militaryhealthgditjobs

#gditpriority

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Frederick, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
30,Data Scientist,$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Performs advanced data design and analysis using the Electronic Medical Record (EMR) to create new knowledge useful to KP and outside organizations. Extracts and cleans large volumes of healthcare data across dozens of sources. Applies expert statistical methodologies to clinical outcomes. Partners effectively with physicians, other clinicians, software engineers and business managers to communicate findings using data visualization techniques.

Essential Responsibilities:
Works with physicians, epidemiologists, statisticians, business managers, and software engineers, to formulate and scope questions and translate knowledge into care transformation
Develops algorithms and predictive models to solve critical health service problems
Influences a general audience to understand the quality, completeness, and appropriate use of data
Provides advice about choice of statistical approaches, perform statistical analysis
Develops tools and libraries to create efficiencies for future work
Develops systematic approaches to assure data validity.
Identifies new sources of data within the electronic medical record that will improve information about target diseases and clinical processes.
Establishes links across existing data sources; process large volumes of data needed for complex research/operational studies
Trains Data Consultants and other data workers.
Kaiser Permanente conducts compensation reviews of positions on a routine basis. At any time, Kaiser Permanente reserves the right to reevaluate and change job descriptions, or to change such positions from salaried to hourly pay status. Such changes are generally implemented only after notice is given to affected employees.

Basic Qualifications:
Experience
Minimum eight (8) years of experience with multivariate data analysis commonly used in epidemiology (e.g. logistic regression, linear regression, cluster analysis, Cox proportional hazard analysis, GEE, and hierarchical models).
Minimum eight (8) years of experience writing and executing complex queries to extract/process data (e.g. SQL), including linking tables and variables from very large datasets.
Minimum eight (8) years of programming experience to build and validate machine language and statistical algorithms and to perform statistical analysis (e.g. R, Python, SAS)
Education
Master's degree required in a quantitative health field (epidemiology, math/statistics, bioinformatics) or computer science.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A

Additional Requirements:
Demonstrated understanding of data systems and architecture.
Experience using data science, AI, and machine-learning platforms to build and deploy supervised and unsupervised models.
Demonstrated ability to create and execute solutions to complex data science problems.
Demonstrated ability to lead project efforts, communicate effectively with team members, and guide decision making.
Advanced knowledge of data visualization tool principles, theories, and concepts.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with electronic medical record, to conduct health research and analytics.
Experience using novel open source software for analytic and non-analytic processing.
Experience with health record standards, including HL7 and other interchange and coding standards highly desirable.
Advanced training in biostatistics and/or statistics (degree or continuing education).
Demonstrated scholarly activities to advance the field (e.g., teaching, presentations at conferences, lead or co-authorship of scientific manuscripts).
Demonstrated understanding of clinical workflows.
Demonstrated proficiency with Natural Language Processing.
Well versed in open source libraries and methodologies for creating data workflows composed of most appropriate technologies, including command line tools, containerized tools, microservices, etc.

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.",4.0,"Kaiser Permanente
4.0","Oakland, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1945,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10+ billion (USD),-1
31,Biomedical Engineer / Project Scientist (Physical Therapy),$111k-$175k (Glassdoor Est.),"Travel Required: 10-25%
Public Trust: NACI (T1)
Requisition Type: Regular

GDIT's military health team is HIRING is a Biomedical Engineer / Project Scientist to join our team to support the Department of Army. This position is based in Frederick, Maryland.

The Biomedical Engineer / Project Scientist will support the Warfighter Health, Performance and Evacuation (WHPE) Product Management Organization (PMO) at the U.S. Army Medical Materiel Development Activity (USAMMDA).

Learn More about USAMMDA HERE

This task will require moderate (10-25%) travel to locations throughout the United States, as well as OCONUS locations TBD.

What You'll Be Doing:

Supporting one of three assemblages, and their respective contents, that compose the Holistic Health and Fitness (H2F) system - the Medical Equipment Set (MES) Physical Therapy (MES-PT).
Conducting a systems analysis for all identified devices and assemblages (sets), to include communications interface, data modeling, systems security, information assurance, patient privacy, and program assessment to support integration planning and systems program management.
Developing documentation and implementing systems engineering, acquisition, and support strategies for assigned H2F products.
Developing systems engineering, program, and acquisition documentation in support of major acquisition decisions for assigned products and assemblages, as required.
Developing and implement a system engineering management process through the entire system engineering life cycle for assigned H2F products.
Developing and manage a test program that is consistent and aligns with the Program-wide Test and Evaluation Master Plan for assigned products and assemblages.
Compiling and document plans, processes, test objectives, test results, and other documentation as required for assigned H2F products.
Coordinating with required external program offices, to include but not limited to, Medical Communications for Combat Casualty Care (MC4), United States Army Medical Information Technology Center (USAMITC), and Defense Health Information Management System (DHIMS) to establish required systems integration, communication and security between all key components and sub-components to effectively satisfy program requirements.
Managing configuration control, ensure successful integration and interoperability, and champion life-cycle management of the H2F products by building integrated product team partnerships with other DoD organizations.
Participating in the requirements generation process with the Army Medical Department Center and School (AMEDD C&S), Medical Center of Excellence (MEDCoE), Capability Development Integration Directorate (CDID) for assigned H2F products, as required.
Conducting internal project requirements analysis for assigned H2F products to derive lower level requirements and system specifications with traceability from system specifications, through lower-level requirements, to the end user requirements represented in the CDID published requirements.
Preparing contract documentation to include but not limited to market research, acquisition strategy, independent government cost estimate, performance work statement, purchase request, justification & approval on contracts.
Performing logistical analysis and analyze materiel fielding as part of medical logistics project management.
Supporting and consulting with product management staff, OTSG consultants, requirements generators, and regulatory support to meet H2F program objectives
Developing and implement the logistical strategic planning process for the provisioning of the subsystems that make up the Mission Equipment (ME).
Providing direct support of uniformed soldiers during test, evaluation, fielding, training exercises and warfighter assessments. This includes all levels of review and oversight of H2F and other supported systems as required.
Participating in discussions to analyze and interpret medical equipment to trend current practices to ensure inclusion of the most appropriate equipment and supplies in various medical unit assemblage publications
Participating in various discussions involving new or replacement medical equipment to ensure proper parallel planning and sharing of information for timely development, review, and publication of medical equipment configuration and unit assemblage and Set, Kit and Outfit (SKO) documents.
Participating in special projects as required.

What You'll Need:

Bachelor’s Degree in engineering or related discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, professional training, or work experience.
5+ years of related experience.
Possess a level of familiarity with Fitness and Rehabilitation Sciences, Network Engineering and DOD Risk Management Framework (RMF) requirements.
Have capability of applying subject matter expertise in the areas of Biomedical Engineering, System Engineering and the AMEDD process for developing, procuring, packing, marking, storing, and fielding SKOs.
Familiarity with the DoD Medical Supply Chain and Logistics Management infrastructure and systems.
Experience as a logistics planner or in performance based logistics with the Army with an understanding of the system function and effect on the defense supply system.
Must have experience with Microsoft Office, to include MS Outlook, MS Project, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel and MS Word.
Must be U.S. citizen and be able to obtain a T1.

Attributes for Success:

Excellent oral and written communications skills required.

#militaryhealthgditjobs

#gditpriority

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Frederick, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
32,Associate Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Associate Data Scientist performs data analysis to extract knowledge or insight from structured or unstructured data. He or she applies advanced statistical algorithms for analysis of large-scale, complex datasets. He or she keeps up to date with cutting-edge techniques in programming, machine learning, big data, and healthcare modeling and seeks ways to advance the organization’s capabilities in analytics.

Apply machine learning/deep learning/artificial intelligence techniques.
Perform large-scale experimentation and build data-driven models to answer business questions.
Create hypotheses and experiments to identify hidden relationships and construct new analytics methods.
Develop and implement Markov decision process models and healthcare economic models.
Use advanced analytics methods to extract value from business data.
Articulate a vision and roadmap for the utilization of data as a valued corporate asset.
Visualize information and develop reports on results of data analysis.
Influence product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations.
Spread best practices to analytics and product teams.
Implement new tools to make data analysis more efficient.
Willing and able to learn new technologies on the job.
Ability to communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences.
Ability to work with minimal supervision.
Desire to work in a highly collaborative environment.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 80% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Computer Science, or related field; or High School Degree/General Education Diploma and 4 years of relevant experience in lieu of Bachelor’s degree.
2+ years of experience working with large datasets for drawing business insights.
Demonstrated working knowledge in Python or R programming.
Professional working knowledge with machine learning (to solve complex business problems), predictive modeling, leveraging both structured and unstructured data source, relational databases, and SQL.
Professional working knowledge of statistics and modeling techniques.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s degree in related field of study.
Professional working knowledge with distributed computing and big data technologies such as Spark or related technologies.
Professional working knowledge with statistical methodologies and tools (R, SAS, SPSS, etc.), mathematical optimization, control theory, and time-series analysis.
Professional working knowledge with Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, or Recommender Systems.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request",4.0,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.0","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
33,Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why Should You Join First Advantage?

First Advantage is in the midst of a technology revolution, and the best time to join us is right now! We are developing incredible solutions, working with amazing customers, and we would love to see how your skills could help get people back to work. Our brand new Data team is recruiting several passionate people in greater metropolitan areas across the Central and Eastern time zones (namely Chicago, Atlanta, Charlotte, Austin, Boston, Houston, Columbus, Tampa, etc) in the US! This opportunity is for remote work, with occasional travel to our Atlanta office.

First Advantage has over 4000 employees across the world and does over 71 million background screens a year, so if you’re looking for opportunities working with advanced technologies to produce awesome user experiences and securely process high-volume transactions leveraging massive amounts of data, then this is the place for you!

We work with Fortune 100 and Global 500 hundred companies, so your work will directly impact some of the largest enterprises in the world!

We need talent that is Informed, Insightful, Transformational, and Progressive

We’re looking for a Data Scientist! You’re our ideal candidate if you have 8+ years of experience and strong expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL, and 3+ years of experience working with data modelling tools like Python, RStudio, TensorFlow, etc. The Data Scientist will be working with business and technical teams to develop machine-learning models for FADV’s background screening products. We’re looking for someone who can do the deeply analytical work, while also presenting their work to internal and external customers. If you meet those requirements, and have experience working with Business Intelligence tools, you could be a perfect fit!

Our brand new Data team have the opportunity to build a game-changing solution from the ground up, and that solution will drive the next generation of background screening. Joining our team right now is an incredible opportunity to be on the ground floor of our technology transformation, and will give you a chance to make a real difference!

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor degree in Engineering or equivalent is required
Minimum of 8 years of strong experience and expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL
Minimum of 3+ years of experience working with Data Modelling tools using Pyton, RStudio, TensorFlow etc
Strong data analytics and data science skills
Experience with Analytical programming languages using R/Python libraries
Strong experience in Relational Databases and Big Data analytics in the cloud is preferred
Knowledge of other BI tools like Qlik, Oracle Business Intelligence, SQL Server Reporting, Cognos would be a plus
Candidate must have Strong communication skills and creative skills
Education:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical field or equivalent relevant work experience
Experience:
Minimum of 8 years of strong experience and expertise with SQL/Oracle PLSQL , Perl, Shell scripting
Minimum of 5+ years of experience working with data modelling & database designs
Other Knowledge, Skills, Abilities or Certifications:
Strong data analytics and data science skills
Strong experience with end to end automation
Experience with bulk data loading & data cleansing
Experience working with Oracle, MySQL databases and Linux environments
Experience with Analytical programming languages using R/Python libraries would be a plus
Strong experience in Relations Database and Big Data analytics preferred
Candidate must have Strong communication skills and creative skills",3.5,"First Advantage Corporation
3.5",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
34,"R&D Scientist, Sr.",$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Improve Lives—that’s what drives us. It’s what makes us better, more innovative, more compelled to work harder. What we do is develop superior point-of-care rapid testing solutions for healthcare providers around the world; what we help create is healthier lives and communities.
Position Summary*: This position is responsible for planning, organizing and performing experiments to develop and refine state-of-the-art assays for the detection of infectious diseases.
Duties & Responsibilities* include but are not limited to:
° Conduct assay system development, optimization and validation.

° Provide direction and guidance to lab scientists, technicians and other technical personnel solving unresolved technical difficulties in assay implementation and routine operation, when such problems arise

° Run experiments to evaluate new laboratory instrumentation and equipment for laboratory testing in cooperation with the equipment manufacturer.

° Prepare technical SOP's.

° Applies quantitative methods: analyzes data, evaluates results, forms conclusions, and provides/implements process or document improvements.

° Assist and/or coordinate technical transfer of new assays and procedures to appropriate departments.

° In cooperation with the R & D Director, assist in the training of laboratory personnel on new procedures and/or equipment.

° Strong expertise in troubleshooting

° Good reporting skills in technical reports as required for review and approval

° Able to communicate at various levels with professionals with different expertise.

° Keep Director and/or VP of Product Development informed about status of on-going projects.

° Help supervisor(s) implementing clinical diagnostic products or services in compliance with industry regulations.

° Maintain awareness of current and developing technologies.

° Interact with Academic Associates and other outside sources of emerging technologies, science and materials.

Qualifications Required*:

° Master’s with 3+ years’ experience or a PhD

° Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite, requires excellent communication and writing skills

° Experience in infectious diseases is desirable

° Knowledge of regulations and standards affecting IVDs is desirable

° Previous laboratory experience in immuno assay-development and other valuable experience, such as: planning and working within a timeline, knowledge in protein/antibody function as well as bio-analytical background.
COMPANY PROFILE*
Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc. is a public company serving the increasing global demand for rapid tests needed for the effective prevention and treatment of infectious diseases and other conditions. Located minutes off the Long Island Expressway in Medford, NY, Chembio operates a research and manufacturing facility that is registered with the US FDA.

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation

For more information about Chembio Diagnostic Systems Inc., please visit our website.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc.
2.6","Medford, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
35,Senior Data Modeler / Business Analyst,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst
Location: Midtown Atlanta (remote during COVID)
Duration: 24month +

MUST HAVE
Business Analysis experience - capable of accurate requirements gathering and display excellent written communication skills.
Apache Hadoop environment
Exceptional SQL querying
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (Dimensional design, Entity Relationship diagrams)
Job Description
Seeking Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst The successful candidate must have solid data modeling and business analyst experience and must demonstrate an affinity for working with others to create successful Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehouse (DW) solutions. He/She must be an excellent communicator, both written and verbal, and have experience working with business areas to translate their business data needs and data questions into project requirements. He/she must also have an educational background in Data Analysis and Data Modeling as well as on the job experience as a data modeler.
This position provides the opportunity to be involved in new BI and DW solutions, such as Dashboards and Reports, and to work with many different business areas within the company. The candidate will participate in all phases of the BI/DW development life cycle and will independently and collaboratively write project/enhancement requirements and perform data modeling duties.
He/She will coordinate with technical BI/DW development staff through design, construction and implementation as a business area liaison, consultant and UAT tester.

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (5+ years) on the following platforms:
Teradata and either Oracle or DB2
Experience in using data modeling techniques and tools (focused on Dimensional design), Entity Relationship diagrams, ERWIN, etc.
Exceptional SQL skills with ability to write complex queries
Experience in translating business requirements to SQL-based ETL
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Proficient testing skills unit, system and integration
Strong business analyst and requirements gathering/writing skills
Experience in developing according to SDLC and accustomed to working with technical documents (flowcharts, programming specifications, etc.)
Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills
Apache Hadoop ecosystem
Nice To Have (candidates will get preference)
Data Relational & Dimensional modeling on the following platforms:
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access
Knowledge of CA Erwin Data Modeler
Knowledge of DataStage development techniques
Knowledge of Unix/Linux platform and shell scripting
Experience with Teradata or Oracle/Exadata database performance tuning
Experience with ChangeMan MVS code versioning software
Experience with Zeke MVS/Zeke Agent Job scheduler
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite
Railroad knowledge and experience
Analyst Attitude Profile:
Self-starter, responsible, professional, accountable
A finisher, seeing a project or task through to completion in spite of challenges
Strong team ethic and customer-support focus
Ability to contribute knowledge by sharing business & technology skills with peers
Good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and instincts
Education
Bachelors Degree preferred. Preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related field

#aptonetjobs",5.0,"Aptonet Inc
5.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
36,Data Engineer,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Conduent:

Conduent delivers mission-critical services and solutions on behalf of businesses and governments – creating exceptional outcomes for its clients and the millions of people who count on them. Through people, process and technology, Conduent solutions and services automate workflows, improve efficiencies, reduce costs and enable revenue growth. It’s why most Fortune 100 companies and over 500 government entities depend on Conduent every day to manage their essential interactions and move their operations forward.

Conduent’s differentiated services and solutions improve experiences for millions of people every day, including two-thirds of all insured patients in the U.S., 11 million employees who use its HR Services, and nearly nine million people who travel through toll systems daily. Conduent’s solutions deliver exceptional outcomes for its clients including $17 billion in savings from medical bill review for workers compensation claims, up to 40% efficiency increase in HR operations, and up to 40% improvement in processing costs, while driving higher end-user satisfaction. Learn more at www.conduent.com.

Job Description:

We are looking for a Data Engineer who will be part of our Analytics Practice and will be expected to actively work in a multi-disciplinary fast paced environment. This role requires a broad range of skills and the ability to step into different roles depending on the size and scope of the project; its primary responsibility is the development and mainteneance of data pipelines including acquisition, transformation, loading and processing of data.

Responsibilities:

Engineer and maintain a modern Cloud data pipeline to collect, organize, and process data from disparate sources.
Performs data management tasks, such as conduct data profiling, assess data quality, and write SQL queries to extract and integrate data
Develop / maintain efficient data collection systems and sound strategies for getting quality data from different sources
Consume and analyze data from the data pool to support inference, prediction and recommendation of actionable insights to support business growth.
Design, develop and maintain ETL processes using tools and scripting. Troubleshoot and debug ETL processes. Performance tuning and opitimization of the ETL processes.
Provide support to new or existing applications while recommending best practices and leading projects to implement new functionality.
Collaborate in design reviews and code reviews to ensure standards are met. Recommend new standards for visualizations.
Learn and develop new ETL techniques as required to keep up with the contemporary technologies.
Reviews the solution requirements and architecture to ensure selection of appropriate technology, efficient use of resources and integration of multiple systems and technology.
Support presentations to Customers and Partners
Advising on new technology trends and possible adoption to maintain competitive advantage

Experience Needed:

5+ years of related experience is required.
A BS or Masters degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline is required
ETL experience with data integration to support data marts, extracts and reporting
Experience connecting to varied data sources
Excellent SQL coding experience with performance optimization for data queries.
Understands different data models like normalized, de-normalied, stars, and snowflake models. Worked with transactional, temporal, time series, and structured and unstructured data.
Worked in big data environments, cloud data stores, different RDBMS and OLAP solutions.
Experience in cloud-based ETL development processes.
Experience in deployment and maintenance of ETL Jobs.
Is familiar with the principles and practices involved in development and maintenance of software solutions and architectures and in service delivery.
Has strong technical background and remains evergreen with technology and industry developments.

Additional Requirements

Demonstrated ability to have successfully completed multiple, complex technical projects
Prior experience with application delivery using an Onshore/Offshore model
Experience with business processes across multiple Master data domains in a services based company
Demonstrates a rational and organized approach to the tasks undertaken and an awareness of the need to achieve quality.
Demonstrates high standards of professional behavior in dealings with clients, colleagues and staff.
Is able to make sound and far reaching decisions alone on major issues and to take full responsibility for them on a technical basis.
Strong written communication skills. Is effective and persuasive in both written and oral communication.
Experience with gathering end user requirements and writing technical documentation
Time management and multitasking skills to effectively meet deadlines under time-to-market pressure
Requires some travel (on average 10%-20%)
Closing:

Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law.

People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the ""Submit"" button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form. You may also click here to access Conduent’s ADAAA Accommodation Policy.",2.8,"Conduent
2.8","Morrisville, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,2017,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
37,Geospatial Data Engineer (TS/SCI-Full Scope Polygraph),$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Clearance: Current TS/SCI ISSA (Full-Scope Polygraph) required*
Description: Provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The data engineer will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Other Technical Skills:
Experience scripting in Python and using NiFi
Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS (or willingness and ability to learn)
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality
Core Competencies:
Conceptual, quantitative, organizational, research, writing, verbal communication, and graphical representation skills.
Sound judgment and creative problem solving and independent working skills.
Sound interpersonal and teamwork skills to work with individuals and organizations, to include varying levels and types (Government, industry, and academia).
Facilitation skills to bring diverse groups together on issues and reach consensus across stakeholders.
The ability to perform complex analyses and to communicate its results using accurate, concise, and effective writing and through descriptive and graphical representations.
Technical understanding of the systems supporting aspects of the functional areas.
Knowledge of standard tools [e.g., the Agency Data Services Network (ADSN), iCE workstations, Microsoft Office, the Agency Internet Network (AIN), and the Microsoft Office software applications], as appropriate; and a demonstrated ability to learn to use and support other tools that may be added or developed as the program evolves.
Flexibility in assisting with ad hoc tasks and in adjusting as tasks are re-prioritized.
Travel: Minimal CONUS travel may be required.

Company Information: New Light Technologies (NLT) provides comprehensive Information Technology, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) and Remote Sensing technology consulting and staffing solutions for government, commercial, and non-profit organizations. NLT employs a cadre of experienced project managers, infrastructure experts, system architects, data scientists, web developers, geospatial experts and software engineers who work across a broad range of COTS, Open Source, and custom technologies to devise the best solutions. NLT specializes in DevOps enterprise-scale Systems Design, Integration, Development, and Management, and offers exceptional capabilities in Infrastructure Modernization, Cloud Migration & Management, Virtualization, Microservices, & Containerized Computing, and the development of High-Performance Mobile Computing solutions.

NLT has a diverse customer base and is looking to bring on team members to work on-site, virtually, and embedded with our customers to help them reach, meet, and exceed their mission goals in every engagement. NLT offers competitive salaries and benefits including PTO, Healthcare, access to a vast network of group benefits such as commuter benefits and retirement plan access. NLT is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
COVID-19 considerations:
While most of our work is done remotely during the COVID-19 Pandemic, this job in the National Security Sector requires physical presence on site.

Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Please list any presentations, repos, or other online content that is publicly available if you have them. For proper consideration, please make sure to take our skills tests in this indeed posting.
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Contract Length:
1 year
More than 1 year
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Likely
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://NewLightTechnologies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"New Light Technologies, Inc.
5.0","McLean, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
38,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
39,Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Research and Sciences

Qualifications:

Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you. As a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide. We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be. As we continue to build our workforce we look for people that exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach to innovation.

We are seeking a Data Scientist to support our customer in Raleigh, NC. This is an on-site position with no telecommute possibilities. In today's economy, our customer must respond faster than ever before; and we have to base that response on insights from data analytics modeling instead of ""years of experience"" or historical reporting. The Data Science and Exploration group will provide the organization with future-oriented analyses that can be used to help drive changes and improvements in business practices. By employing analytical techniques, applied to research data, which go beyond simply describing the data we will be able to explore the hidden relationships and patterns within the data.

The selected candidate will have experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods and tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations. The ideal candidate will be adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have an ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The candidate should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics, with demonstrated critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Passion for machine-learning and research are also highly coveted.

Roles and Responsibilities include but not limited to:
• Data exploration - Explore large data sets using a variety of tools to build model ready data products and provide any requirements to ETL developers to productize.
• Model Building - Description: Leverage analytics tools like SAS to build complex statistical and machine learning models to build predictive and prescriptive strategies.
• Adhoc Insight Generation - Description: Quickly explore data and apply descriptive statistics to provide rapid insights for the business customer.
• Create data mining architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. Analysis may have many applications such as to address a business issue or provide a competitive advantage for the organization
• Utilizes strong statistical and data visualization skills
• Uses and applies technical principles, theories, and concepts
• Demonstrates the skill and ability to perform professional tasks
• Develops recommended solutions to technical problems as assigned
• Submits work for review of soundness of technical judgment, quality, and accuracy
• Contributes to the completion of assigned technical tasks",3.8,"Northrop Grumman
3.8","Raleigh, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
40,Data Scientist for Detector Physics,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311174

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Signature Science and Technology Division

Group: Detection Physics
*Job Description**
The Detection Physics Group within the National Security Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a research scientist who will focus on studies of radiation detection physics using Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques. The Detection Physics Group includes research ranging from low background and high energy fundamental particle physics to radiation detection related to non-proliferation and national security applications. This position will focus on the expanding role of AI/ML within the group. It will provide the opportunity to perform analysis of data from existing experimental setups, and to propose, develop, and demonstrate relevant techniques on new data sets for advanced applications.

Major duties and responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the analysis of a variety of types of radiation detectors and experiments. Perform, analyze, and interpret detector characterizations for detectors of interest, including semiconductor detectors, scintillators, proportional counters, silicon photomultipliers, and others. Develop a detector-physics-focused AI/ML strategy with an eye toward fostering new funding streams and research directions. Engage in research activities with the broader AI/ML community at PNNL.
*The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:**
*Level 2:** Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships. Works under general supervision. Follows established procedures. Infrequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters.
*Level 3:** A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, careeroriented, journey-level position. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Frequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience, or Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience.

+ Programming capability with languages such as C/C++, Python, MatLab, and R.

+ Experience with ""standard"" and AI/ML data analysis techniques.

+ Experience with particle detection software and hardware.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with at least 5 years of well-aligned prior experience or a masters degree with 3 years of relevant experience or a PhD degree with at least 1 year of experience.

+ PhD in experimental nuclear or high energy particle physics, or related fields.

+ Experience with software tools such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and Keras.

+ Experience with data analysis and simulation packages such as ROOT, Geant4, and MCNP.

+ Implementation experience with high-performance parallel codes and/or accelerators (FPGAs/GPUs).

+ High level of motivation and ability to work with, form, and lead collaborative research teams.

+ Adaptability to thrive in a rapidly evolving, multitasked, research environment.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Detection Physics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-09_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-12-08_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
41,Sr Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work with one of our US-based clients, which is one of the oldest and most trusted sources of global and financial news. In addition to print news, our client owns one of the most popular websites in the world and diversified its business across a range of media including information services, book publishing, and digital real estate services.

The team will be architecting a highly-scalable platform to power data acquisition, categorization, calculations, and visualization.
You are the one if you have:
At least five years of experience working in data analysis and data mining
Experience using R and Python
Knowledge in business intelligence
Proven experience regarding data and server security and manipulating large amounts of survey data
Strong communications skills
AdTech experience is a plus
Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis is a big plus
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Scientist role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
42,Energy Research and Data Analyst,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview:

Edison Energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of Edison International (NYSE: EIX), provides independent, global advisory solutions to help large corporate, industrial, and institutional clients better understand and navigate the choices and risks of managing energy. Through a portfolio approach, Edison Energy enables decision-makers in organizations to deliver on their strategic, financial and sustainability goals.

Providing a suite of specialized services across sustainability, analytics, renewables, supply, and demand, Edison Energy addresses the three biggest challenges in energy today: cost, carbon, and complex choices.

Position Overview:

This role is an entry-level position within Edison’s Integrated Services team.

The primary goal for the Integrated Services team, which the Energy Research and Data Analyst position reports to, is to gain efficiencies through process development and standardization for client service delivery while maintaining the highest level of accuracy, timeliness and professionalism.

The Energy Research and Data Analyst will help internal and external customers achieve their goals by developing and maintaining custom reporting comprised of accurate and reliable data. This position is also responsible for maintaining various internal and external software programs utilized in data management and reporting.

Primary Responsibilities:
Prepare and develop various customer accounting and management reports (month-end costs, marked-to-market, budget reports, unit cost, volume/spend analyses, etc.)
Thoroughly analyze and validate key customer metrics across multiple data management systems to ensure accuracy and to identify trends and anomalies
Audit invoices against applicable tariff and/or contract terms
Resolve discrepancies directly with vendors and track avoided costs
Process invoices for payment according to customer parameters
Special Projects
Conduct research pertaining to industry, clients, utility tariffs, rate schedules and riders
Support energy managers with complex supply RFP activities
Collaborate with internal teams to serve client needs
Seek operational efficiencies through process development and standardization
Job Requirements:
Previous exposure to the energy industry is preferred, specifically doing data analysis and reporting
Attention to detail
Ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities and deadlines
Customer service, analytical and organizational skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office; particularly Microsoft Excel
Motivated to continually improve processes and tools
Eager to learn
Interpersonal skills with ability to communicate both written and verbally in a professional manner
Aptitude to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and create plan for resolution
Ability to decipher and process data points from multiple channels
Ability to effectively learn and work independently in a remote environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree (Business, Finance, Accounting or Engineering preferred)
Work Environment:
Regular professional, office business setting
Noise level ranges from low to moderate (if in office setting)
Noise level ranges from moderate to high (if on construction worksite)
Benefits for Full-Time Employees:
Generous Paid Time Off (includes but not limited to Paid Parental Leave, Bereavement, Jury Duty, Sick, Vacation, etc.)
National Holiday Pay& Float Holidays
401(k) Employer Matching
Health Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
Employer 100% Paid Life Insurance Benefits
Employer 100% Paid Short Term and Long Term Disability
Supplemental (Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits, Cancer/Critical Care, Hospitalization, Accident)
Recognition of Hard Work and Exemplary Performance
Clean, Air Conditioned, Friendly Working Environment
Discretionary Bonus Based on Several Factors
LOCATION: This position will be located in Dublin, OH.",2.9,"Edison Energy
2.9","Dublin, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
43,Sr Data Analyst,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"WHAT YOU WILL DO IN THIS POSITION:

Performs independent analytical research to identify and resolve complex data issues, and support systems impacting NCCI’s data providers and NCCI products and services.Participates in the development and implementation of solutions to data quality problems.Position requires Subject Matter Expertise (SME) for specific system and/or data type support, and provides system support as needed for baseline, discretionary, and investment projects for the Data Resources division and in support of other division projects.

Leads resolution of complex data issues often impacting multiple data providers, systems, and processes.

Provides SME support to investment projects or systems changes – includes writing business requirements; creating test plans, test scripts and test data; and performing testing and post-production monitoring.

Oversees team processes (i.e., escalations, target carrier initiatives, training) and procedures manuals ensuring all are kept current.

Coordinates work processes, implementing process improvements and process changes across teams as needed.Maintain business partnerships with project leads in other divisions and develop process improvement joint strategies.

Provides quality control by reviewing the quality of work performed by team in resolving more complex issues. Provide support to assist Data Analysts with approach to their work.

WHAT YOU MUST BRING TO THE ROLE:

• Bachelor’s degree and 3 years’ experience in a service-oriented, financial and/or insurance related enterprise performing data analysis and a business operations or data management environment where primary work performed involves web-based or other business systems. (In lieu of a degree, 7 years’ relevant work experience as indicated above is required.)

• 1-year experience organizing, compiling and analyzing information using Microsoft Excel

• Experience using data standards, data layouts, databases, data viewing tools, and data reports to identify root cause of and resolve data issues

• Experience analyzing data issues impacting multiple data sources or databases to independently draw conclusions

• Experience developing systems flows, processes and procedures; delivering team training

• Experience creating test plans, test scripts, and test data; and executing test scripts

• Experience writing requirements for small systems changes

• Understands the use of metrics, trends and work monitoring to ensure completion of timely/quality work

• Experience leading team/business partner meetings

• Experience developing and maintaining technical documentation and team manuals

• Experience reviewing and providing feedback on the content of customer communications and manuals

• Experience leading efforts to improve team processes / providing input or suggestions on tactical issues

• Experience leading customer teleconferences to resolve issues – including agenda preparation /minutes

• Can effectively interface with higher–level staff / management on the customer side effectively

• Experienced preparing reports on systems / customer issues to be shared with a broad internal audience

• Proficient in Microsoft Office - Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access

WHAT WILL MAKE YOU A MORE VIABLE CANDIDATE:

• Knowledge of insurance, claims, or financial data

• Experience testing and writing requirements for web-based data viewing tools

• Experienced using data extract and/or systems testing tools

• Experienced developing reports to be used in data analysis processes

• Insurance Data Management Association (IDMA) certifications

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU:

·
A phenomenal work environment with perks which includes on-site fitness center, day care, restaurant and coffee shop, employee activities, and sports leagues

·
A wonderful team of fun, caring and friendly people to work with

·
A fantastic benefits package that’s hard to find in south Florida

We require a drug screen and background check.
EEO/Smoke Free environment",4.3,"NCCI Holdings
4.3","Boca Raton, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1923,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
44,Sr Data Engineer,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to work with one of our US-based clients, who is reinventing the delivery of health and human services. Our client’s collaborative platform unites healthcare providers, government, and the community around the common goal of improving health outcomes for everyone.

Data has long been a foundation of our client’s system and their requirements around data have grown more sophisticated and central to their mission. They are now harvesting the data in the platform and transforming it into an actionable source of information that stakeholders use to understand the impact that Social Determinants of Health are having on communities.

The company is made up of 160 professionals, including QAs, Product Managers, and 30 Engineers, mostly based in the NY area. Some of the main technologies used are APIs, Ruby on Rails, Golang, Lambda AWS, Neo4J running on EC2 nodes, MySQL, Postgres, microservices, enterprise data warehouse, Redshift, and Tableau. The team is currently working on a single-page application on front-end technologies such as React and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for people to join their team who share a passion for their mission to reinvent Health & Human Services and aspire to make a lasting difference for future generations.
You are the one if you have:
Strong experience building Data Warehouses using Spark and Python or Java
Strong experience using Scala for data transformations
Vast knowledge about ETL processes and Data Lakes
Experience with AWS (S3, Redshift Spectrum)
It’s a bonus if you have experience working with:
Tableau
Neo4J
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Engineer role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
45,Treasury Data Analyst,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
46,Machine Learning Engineer,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Machine Learning Engineer

US Citizenship is required due to security clearance requirements.

Are you a motivated engineer who is passionate about embracing new challenges and solving the hardest technical problems in a team-oriented environment? Every day, the engineers at Expedition Technology work together to solve our Nations defense and intelligence challenges by using Machine Learning and Deep Learning to demystify data obtained from signals and images.

Our applied research and development mindset afford our people the opportunity to work on the most cutting-edge methods of optimizing deep learning networks, developing state-of-the-art algorithms and ultimately producing software products that are critical to our nations defense infrastructure.

The success we have already achieved has made Expedition Technology one of the top Machine Learning/Deep Learning research organizations in the Defense and Intelligence communities and we need additional intelligent, passionate, creative people to join our team.

When you join our team, youll have the opportunity to:
Dive directly into the latest computer vision and signal processing research to replicate new techniques published in academia and find ways to make those ideas work on a larger scale
Use your strong Python coding skills to research, design, develop and expand upon algorithms that will train neural networks to deliver actionable intelligence faster and more effectively
Develop deep-learning software prototypes that demonstrate potential usefulness to our customers
Analyze data from disparate sources including images, video, radar, signals and more
Brainstorm solutions to the toughest problems alongside a team of smart, creative, passionate engineers
Participate in machine learning brownbag sessions and other forms of collaborative learning to keep abreast of the constant changes in Machine and Deep Learning
Required skills:
Strong problem-solving skills combined with deep intellectual curiosity and the desire to push technical boundaries
Strong coding skills- preferably in Python, C/C++, Julia or other object-oriented language in a Linux environment
Software development skills and the desire to work on cutting edge development in a Cloud environment
Deep understanding of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of computer vision and/or signal processing including techniques for classification and feature extraction
Excellent oral, written, presentation and communication skills
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field. Advance degrees welcome
US Citizenship- Must be a US Citizen eligible to maintain a US Government security clearance
Desired skills:
Experience with deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Caffe or Keras
About Expedition Technology

At Expedition Technology, we push the boundaries of what is possible every day. Our engineers work on the most challenging problems in Computer Vision, Digital Signal Processing and Software Engineering from a Machine Learning/Deep Learning perspective and collaborate to find the answers. We are a research-focused company whose mission it is to solve our customers most pressing needs in a creative, novel manner.

Expedition Technology offers self-directed, company-paid Medical, Dental and Vision benefits and the freedom to allow you to select which benefits matter most. We offer a 401k with a generous company match, a student loan repayment program, equity shares, paid holidays, paid time off and an education reimbursement allowance. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

Interested in joining our team? Lets explore together.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
47,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you looking for a fresh challenge and an opportunity to further advance your career and grow with a fast growing company? If you have a passion for data and an adaptive out-of-the-box thinker with sharp analytical and problem-solving skills, exceptional organization, and able to multitask in a fast-paced environment, we have the perfect job for you!

We are looking for an enthusiastic Senior Business Intelligence Analyst who will be part of the USCCAs Marketing team to bring data to life by providing insights and actions through measurement of current marketing initiatives as well as those in the future.

The Analyst is responsible for accurate operational data reporting for specified marketing teams. This includes traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data for high level and detailed scorecards in addition to ad hoc reports based on specific marketing requests.

They will also perform exploratory analysis to provide recommendations to marketing based on proven data.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Supports Marketing area that includes Strategy, Retail and Product Marketing along with Media (earned, owned and paid) to collect, consume and act on analytics
Marketing traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data gathering
Filling out scorecards and tracking documents by designated times
Creating ad hoc or one-off reports to satisfy marketing questions
Discovering leading indicators and insights to improve marketing efficiency or performance.
Use data and statistics to support Marketing and formulate strategy
Visualize data for consumption and specific business action
Work with Marketing and BI team, to decide on the success metrics to measure
Organize cross-functional processes
Facilitate Innovation & Growth
Perpetuate a mentality of growth, innovation and ideation by way of staying informed of latest industry trends and methods
Be recognized as the thought leaders of self-defense education, training and trusted legal protection
Process Development & Execution
Participate in establishing and tracking KPIs to ensure all marketing initiatives are performing and growing as planned or better
Build long-term relationships with cross-functional teams, business partners across the organization and outside agencies
Willingness to enthusiastically accept many varied projects and new responsibilities as assigned
Qualifications/ Strengths:
Bachelors degree in Computer Sciences, Statistics, or related field
Work experience in Analytics, Scientific Research or related field
Experience with Marketing and Web Analytics a plus
Meticulous data gathering and reporting abilities
Have a cross-functional understanding of data (Marketing, Web Analytics, IT, & Finance)
Experience with data visualization or reporting tools
High level and granular understanding of marketing objectives
Ability to communicate with Marketing management and leadership
Strong analytical mindset and problem solving abilities
Ability to structure information
Affinity with Stratistics
Basic knowledge about IT ecosystem and programming
Strong organization skills
Ability to think creatively with a process-based mindset
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively to meet deadlines
Demonstrates the Core Values of Delta Defense, LLC
PM19

Powered by JazzHR",4.9,"Delta Defense LLC
4.9","West Bend, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
48,Data Analyst - Online Education,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
49,Data Engineer,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Role

The Spur Group is looking for a Data Engineer to join our Data& AI organization. As a Data Engineer, you will lead the design, implementation, and successful delivery of large-scale, critical, and complex data architecture, storage, and pipelines that improve the lives of tens of millions of people every single day. Best of all, you’ll be part of a team-centric culture where fellow consultants and managers support you and encourage you to grow every day.

What You'll Do
Build large-scale distributed data processing systems, data lakes, and optimize for both computational and storage efficiency on cloud platforms like AWS.
Design, implement and automate data pipelines sourcing data from internal and external systems, transforming the data for the optimal needs of various systems.
Design data schema and operate cloud-based data warehouses and SQL database systems.
Write Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) jobs
Design, implement and automate integrations with analytical tool (i.e., jupyter, excel, SAS) and business intelligence (i.e., PowerBI, Tableau) tools
Own the design, development and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to drive key business decisions.
Drive architectural plans and implementation for future data storage, ETL, reporting, and analytic solutions.
Provide insightful code reviews, receive code reviews constructively and take ownership of outcomes (“you ship it, you own it”), working very efficiently and routinely deliver the right things in the front-end UI area.
Who You Are (What you'd bring to Spur)
You have a background in data and software engineering and a passion to learn.
You've made mistakes in the past and have learned a lot from them. You apply this learning regularly.
You believe there are generally multiple ways to solve a technical problem, each with different trade-offs.
You approach projects, tasks, and unknowns with curiosity, and enjoy sharing what you know and what you learn with the people around you.
You believe that a team is strongest when it is diverse and includes multiple perspectives.
You are able to put yourself into your customer's shoes. You frequently immerse yourself in the customer experience to understand how you can better serve them.
Requirements
BS in Computer Science or related field, or an equivalent in relevant work experience.
Experience implementing big data processing technology: Hadoop, Apache Spark, etc.
3+ years of Coding proficiency in at least one modern programming language (Python, Ruby, Java, etc.).
Experience writing and optimizing advanced SQL queries in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets.
3+ years experience in cloud-first design, preferably AWS (VPC, Serverless databases and functions, dynamic autoscaling, container orchestration, etc.).
Experience in data architecture, databases (e.g., MySQL, Redshift, PostgreSQL), SQL and DDD/ER/ORM design.
Interest and curiosity in emerging technologies on the web like GraphQL, web assembly, Lambda functions, MLaaS, etc
Knowledge of software engineering practices& best practices for the software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.
Why Spur

We are go-to-market consultants who drive results that matter. As the leading authority on go-to-market solutions, we act as an extension of our client teams, providing the support, tools, and strategies to achieve important outcomes. If you tackle challenges with unmatched persistence and believe learning is critical to ongoing growth, we want you on our team.

At The Spur Group, we’re committed to diversity, inclusion, equity and belonging. We live and breathe our core values of Inclusion, Courage, Accountability, Respect and Excellence, and we hope to see them in every employee. Visit our to learn more about us and why we’ve been voted one of the best places to work in Seattle.

The Spur Group is an equal employment opportunity employer. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive culture that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We consider all candidates regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or characteristic protected by federal, state, and local law.",3.6,"The Spur Group
3.6","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
50,Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Artlin Consulting is seeking motivated individuals who are passionate about helping clients achieve excellence. Qualified candidates will have a creative, holistic, and systematic approach to problem-solving.

The intermediate data scientist with solid data analytics and science expertise. The Defense Acquisition Data Scientist will be a key contributor on an Executive-level Department of Defense Analytic team, leveraging knowledge of data science, methodologies, and processing techniques to support analytics and gather data from disparate Federal, Defense and public databases in support of Major Weapon System acquisition and program management. As the Data Scientist, you will work with Department leadership and a diverse analytical research cell.

Position Responsibilities:
Leverage technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Apply technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Create informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Document and visualize data both temporally and spatially, and present data to managers.
Create and provide informational briefings that are required to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support data analytics efforts and stay current with evolving technologies and capabilities.
Complete ad hoc data extract and reporting tasks as requested by organizational leaders.
Perform data extracts and loads from source data systems to analytical data stores.
Work with business leaders to solve business problems by understanding, preparing, and analyzing data to predict emerging trends and provide recommendations to optimize business results.
Experience Level:
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or other business-related field, Master's Degree preferred
2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience, DoD/Federal Government experience preferred.
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proven ability working successfully in a collaborative and diverse environment
Experience interacting with Senior Leadership
Secret Security Clearance and above for this role
Tools and Proficiency Level:
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar - Required
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar - Desired
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational systems
Big data and cloud processing experience
Experience working in a cloud based environment
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint
MS Access, SQL Server, SharePoint, and Visual Basic programming knowledge is a plus
Position Overview:
Applies technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Creates informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
Active DoD Secret security clearance.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
2+ years of relevant work experience.
Strong team-building skills as well as confidence when working with senior leadership and peers.
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools such as MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar.
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting, and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational system.
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint.
Desired Education/Experience/Skills:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar.
Big data and cloud processing experience.
SQL Database experience.
DoD/Federal Government experience.
Artlin Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.1,"Artlin Consulting
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
51,Data Engineer (StudentTracker 3.0),$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Role:


If you are a self-starter, thrive in a fast-paced environment, and get energized about driving new data driven services, then this job is for you!

The Clearinghouse is seeking a hands-on Engineer, Data with a solid background in Data Warehouse architectures, metadata management, data profiling, data modeling, data quality and a proven ability to learn quickly, effectively collaborate with others, and successfully design and implement solutions. Using their excellent communication and presentation skills, the Engineer socializes technical concepts and builds consensus with internal stakeholders.

The Engineer works with the business and development teams to design and implement the appropriate data solutions for Clearinghouse database-driven applications and services. The Engineer accomplishes this by performing data analysis of current and future systems and services, educating on industry best practices and policies, creating proposed database component designs and data models, and working with the architecture and development teams to refine and implement these designs.

How You Contribute:
Develop and maintain the PL/SQL Packages.
Develop and maintain ETL code.
Design Data Marts and create data models.
Work with Data owners to document and maintain Data Dictionary.
Develop scripts to maintain data quality and deploying data changes across different environments
Monitor, assess and optimize data processing performance.
Demonstrate NSC’s competencies, which align with our corporate values.
Core Competencies include: Customer Focus, Optimizes Work Processes, Collaborates, Communicates Effectively, and Be Open and Authentic.
Manager will provide more detail to candidates as needed.
Position may be required to perform other duties as required. These essential functions are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.

What You Bring to the Table:
Bachelor’s degree required in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or Information Systems, or some equivalent combination of education and experience, including through military service.
Proficient in:
PL/SQL programming typically acquired through 4-7 years of experience programming with this technology.
Developing scripts using Shell, Python or similar language.
Experience with:
Working on an Agile/Scrum development
Cloud and open source-based data management technologies like AWS Redshift, DynamoDB, Postgres, Glue and Kinesis
Version control tools such as SVN, GIT, AWS Code Commit
Proficient with:
Data Warehouse production maintenance.
ETL/ELT development.
OLTP and data warehouse design.
Metadata management.
Creating and implementing data models.
Database performance monitoring and SQL optimization.
Excellent communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and directly with the data owners to gather requirements and architect change.
Live within a commutable distance of Pittsburgh, PA.
Additional Desired Requirements:
Experience with Oracle technologies including Oracle database and ODI.
Physical Demands:

Use of a computer terminal and/or laptop computer for 8 or more hours a day.
Use of a copy machine, and telephone.
Frequently required to sit for 7 or more hours per day in close proximity to others in an open office environment.
Occasionally required to use hands and fingers to operate, handle, and reach.
Vision abilities include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Must be able to travel occasionally via car, train, and/or airplane as needed.",3.0,"National Student Clearinghouse
3.0","Pittsburgh, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Colleges & Universities,Education,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
52,Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Job Description:

This role uses Data Science and Engineering techniques to satisfy customer requirements. This role evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML). This role develops scripts, notebooks or applications (using Python or Java and associated libraries or frameworks: Scikit-Learn, Numpy, Tensorflow, Pytorch, Spark, Spark MLlib, H20.ai, etc.) that utilize, collect, aggregate and clean large data sets to perform analysis, clustering, entity resolution and structured information extraction for work products. Models are trained and refined using these tools and evaluated for effectiveness using appropriate criteria/metrics for the task. This role collaborates across a team of Data Scientists, Data Administrators, Software and Data Engineers to produce work products.

Primary Responsibilities

This role designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources.
This role develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, query techniques, model complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate datasets.
This role supports objectives and tasks by leveraging numerous tools and techniques to include Python, Splunk, query experience, R and the like.
Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various data sources and business problems.
Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.
This role develops algorithms and analytical techniques to improve business performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies.

Basic Qualifications

Master’s degree in engineering, computer science, or other related technical field or Bachelor’s degree in a business or management-related field accompanied by experience managing technical requirements in complex programs.
Experience with Python, Splunk, and query experience is required.
Experience negotiating complex scenarios and challenges and devising courses of action to resolve situations with predictable outcomes.
Experience leading critical objectives where decision making is of utmost concern to the outcome.
Experience supervising others.

Education

Candidate must have Masters with 12-15 years of prior relevant experience or Doctorate with 8+ years of prior relevant experience.

Clearance

Candidate must have an active TS/SCI with polygraph.

NSOINT

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Reston, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
53,Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Data Scientist will partner with stakeholders from various business functions to identify data science opportunities, have the knowledge, experience and technical skills to leverage internal and external data, and apply the right machine learning/big data technologies to turn such data into valuable insights and solutions for the company. The candidate will be tasked with gathering and integrating large volumes of data to develop complex predictive / machine learning models to drive actionable results and insights especially in the areas of fraud / anomaly detection, claims automation / self service and general efficiency opportunities. This is a highly visible and impactful role where the Data Scientist will interact with the senior and executive level management and have the opportunity to influence what we do and how we do it through data science.

Responsibilities:
Create a collaborative and effective working relationship with functional leaders to understand business problems, identify opportunities / use cases to improve the performance of our businesses
Lead / Contribute to the development of actionable solutions. This includes all aspects of the solution development including problem and goal definition, defining a plan for:
Sampling of the data and conducting experiments
Data extraction
Ingestion and processing (outlier and missing data handling)
Exploratory data analysis
Feature engineering (weight of evidence, label encoding, label count encoding, target encoding, time-series, polynomial interactions, binning, outlier handling)
Feature selection (forward, backwards, information value)
Hyperparameter optimization of machine learning models
Experiment tracking for A/B testing and reproducibility, model evaluation, model interpretability, results communication and deployment
Contribute to the adoption and better understanding across the company of data science best practices and tools and stay up to date regarding new knowledge and developments in this domain
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Core skills in Computer Science: Data Structures, Algorithms, Programming Paradigms and Relational Databases
Deep working experience applying statistics and machine learning techniques to real-world problems and data and deploying models to production
Hands-on experience with SQL and tools to access databases
Expertise in Python and R
Expertise with open source data mining/machine learning/big data programming libraries, models and frameworks (e.g. Pandas, Scikit-Learn, H2O, TSFresh, FeatureTools, MLflow, Shap, Microsoft Interpret, Tensorflow, Statsmodels, Pandas-Profiling, Seaborn, Plotly, Spark, Koalas)
Working experience with cloud computing services such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Excellent presentation skills to non-technical Associates communicating complex concepts in terms the audience can understand through understandable language, tables and visualizations
When evaluating the candidate, special attention will be paid to the following competencies:
Intellectual Curiosity and Critical Thinking, necessary to analyze a problem from multiple perspectives and examine the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated
Autonomous, to own projects end-to-end; ability to work on the entire stack without being dependent on other team members
Focus, to design and test a technique over days and weeks, find it doesn’t work, learn from the failure, and try again
Creativity, to invent and try new approaches to solving a problem
Attention to Detail, in order to maintain rigor and to detect and avoid over-reliance on intuition when examining data
Clear and concise written and oral communication, in order to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner
Interpersonal skills, necessary to build good working relationships and work as part of a team
PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math or a related discipline or equivalent skill set",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
54,Senior Machine learning scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Responsibilities:
Collect image/video data and clean/organize/augment them,
Build machine learning framework to train various models for camera image-based applications for autonomous driving
Implement the inference process for on-vehicle testing.
Qualification:
MS or Ph.D. in computer science or related real-world experience extensive experience in machine learning and deep learning
Experience in image/video processing and computer vision, comfortable writing code in C/C++, experience in Pytorch/Tensorflow
Familiar with motion estimation, depth estimation, image segmentation, camera pose estimation, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"Black Sesame Technologies Inc
4.0","Santa Clara, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
55,Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Job Title: Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations

City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois

Job Description

Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products, we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for an Operations Senior Data Scientist to join our team located at our Company Headquarters in Lake Forest, IL.

Your Role:

As an Operations Senior Data Scientist, you will primarily be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will prepare data insights and proposals in narrative and visual forms and leverage advanced data science methods to discover opportunities to increase equipment effectiveness, reduce costs and provide insights to plants on process disruptions. You will have the opportunity to:
Improve the manufacturing process by formulating hypotheses, conducting experiments and delivering improvements to KPIs based on findings
Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant equipment
Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights
Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency
Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights.

You will love it here if…
You are not only a team-player, but you foster a collaborative team environment
You are analytic, enjoy new challenges and thrive in a fast paced manufacturing operation
You are committed to operational excellence and to keeping others safe in the workplace
We need you to have:
A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python, Machine Learning
3-5 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes
3-5 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies
Experience in AWS Analytics platform
SQL query skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field
Icing on the cake:
Experience developing and implementing predictive maintenance and predictive quality models
Data visualization skills in Power BI
Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html

The poster and the supplement can be found on this link.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.",3.5,"Reynolds Consumer Products
3.5","Lake Forest, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
56,"Big Data Engineer, Analytics",$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Technology is constantly changing, and our adversaries are digitally “going dark” at a rate that is exceeding law enforcement’s ability to keep pace. Those charged with protecting the United States are not always able to access the evidence needed to prosecute crime and prevent terrorism. The Government has trusted in Peraton to provide the technical ability, tools, and resources to bring criminals to justice. In response to this challenge, we are seeking a talented Big Data Engineer with a focus in Analytics.

What you’ll do…

Provide entity resolution expertise in support of a large scale search and discovery application
Work closely with entity resolution subject matter experts, program engineers and stakeholders to integrate complex data sources into operation and develop new analytics and algorithms
Support advanced data exploitation capabilities using Hadoop related technologies
Enhance the data processing infrastructure using open source and commercial technologies
Capture and define requirements for entity resolution features and functionality from a UI end-user perspective
Analyze documentation and source data of new data feeds
Develop scripts to ETL source data into destination format
Provide O&M monitoring and resolution of production web services using monitoring tools including Ganglia, Jenkins, and other means
Modify pipeline scripts to enhance functionality and support bug fixes
Resolve bugs by modifying pipeline scripts and entity resolution explanation service scripts
Coordinate development efforts in an agile team

You’d be a great fit if…

You’ve obtained a BS degree and have five (5) years of relevant experience. However, equivalent experience may be considered in lieu of degree.
You have three (3) or more years of experience using Hadoop or other large-scale data warehouse technologies to support entity and relationship resolution and operations
You have one (1) year of experience in Apache, Spark, Hive, Pig, ER Resolution Engines, Unix scripting, Novetta Entity Analytics, Waremen Pro or similar ER engines
You have a current Top Secret security clearance with SCI eligibility and the ability to obtain a polygraph

It would be even better if you…

Have hands on experience with any of the following technologies:
SQL
Linux scripting
AWK, PERL, BASH or other scripting language
SOLR
Jenkins configuration to perform O&M operations
Spark

What you’ll get…

An immediately-vested 401(K) with employer matching
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Tuition assistance, financing, and refinancing
Company-paid infertility treatments
Cross-training and professional development opportunities
Influence major initiatives
This position requires the candidate to have a current Top Secret security clearance and the ability to obtain a polygraph. Candidate must possess SCI eligibility.
We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.",3.5,"Peraton
3.5","Chantilly, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
57,Aviation Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems. Key Functions: The successful candidate will be part of a team conducting analyses of multiple, integrated sets of aviation, weather, and other related data to identify ways to improve predictive models, identify trends impacting operations, and apply machine learning techniques to solve complex problems. Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: - Experience using tools such as Java, R, and Python to prepare and analyze time series data. - Coding, data modeling, simulation, and data visualization experience (e.g., Tableau). - Excellent statistical and mathematical skills. - Excellent written and verbal communications skills. - Experience with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. - Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn). - Knowledge of Hadoop (e.g., Pig, Spark) or another distributed computing system. - Past experience working in the aviation domain and with aviation data. Skill is desired, but not required. Minimum Qualifications: BS in Data Science, Machine Learning, or related field of study.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
58,Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Triplebyte

Triplebyte is transforming the way software engineers are hired. Our mission is to build an open, valuable and skills-based credential for all engineers and data scientists. This is important because millions of people have skills (and deserve good jobs), but don't fit the profile that recruiters seek. We aim to cut out that noise by matching opportunities to people who have the skills to succeed in them - regardless of their background.

Companies like Apple, Dropbox and American Express trust Triplebyte's technical assessment to identify the best engineers for their open roles and reduce the time and effort it takes to hire them.

We raised a $35 million Series B and our team of 64 is growing! We're building out the leadership of our team to help us scale to the next phase.

Press Links:

You can read more about our company and hear from our founders in the press here:

Triplebyte raises $35M for its online coding test and credentialing service for hiring engineers

Triplebyte incubates ColorStack to increase Black and Latinx representation in CS programs

CNBC (Your Next Job Interview Could be with a Robot)

Building an Engineering Team - Harj Taggar and Ammon Bartram

Role Description

As a data scientist at Triplebyte, you'll have the opportunity to work on a variety of challenges to help us scale. You'll be part of a small team, who are leveraging data to fix technical hiring. Your day to day, will include a mix of dataset acquisition, statistical modeling, exploratory data analysis, and software engineering. You'll report directly to Triplebytes' Head of Machine Learning and will work alongside a team of 6-8 machine learning engineers and data scientists.Fields your work will touch on
Psychometrics
Recommender systems
Time series analysis
Survival analysis
Bayesian inference
Probabilistic programming
This is an ideal role for a data scientist who wants the scope and responsibility to own features/products from the inception and research phase through to measuring real-world results.

Compensation and Benefits

Competitive salary and stock options package

Open vacation policy

Employer paid health, vision and dental insurance

401(k) plan with matching

Pre-tax commuter benefits

Daily catered lunches

The Company is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. The Company does not discriminate against employees or applicants (in any aspect of employment, including, but not limited to recruiting and hiring, job assignment, compensation, opportunities for advancement, promotion, transfers, evaluation, benefits, training, discipline, and termination), on the basis of any characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws.",3.2,"Triplebyte
3.2",California,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
59,Global Investment Data Architect,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Develop next generation cloud investment domain specific data designs for new line of business initiatives to cover functional and non-functional requirements, taking into account the needs of downstream consumers both within investments and across the enterprise. Design data models and data definitions to address the needs of the initiatives with the ability to support multiple use cases. Expand several existing investment domain specific data designs to do likewise. Rationalize and consolidate existing investment sub domain specific data designs to reduce technical debt and expand reusability of data.

Collaborate with the investment business data management partners to modernize how data is cataloged, mastered, stewarded, and governed in the cloud for the investment data domain. Establish and enforce the use of certified trusted data as provisioning points for accurate, timely, and complete data.

Significantly contribute to and collaborate on next generation cloud reference architectures and designs for investment data that will serve as the guidelines and guard rails for enabling the investment business to get a better handle on its investment data to more effectively manage it more as a strategic asset.

Duties and Responsibilities

Establish and maintain strong partnership with senior investment business partners to advance the shared business goals and outcomes.
Establish and maintain strong partnership with senior investment technology partners to enable them and their durable agile product teams to reach their goals and outcomes for their portfolio of products.
Establish and maintain strong partnership with senior shared technology services partners to ensure their support with cloud platforms, managed services and cloud reference architectures to advance the investment business goals and outcomes.
Establish and maintain strong partnership with senior AI/ML data scientists and business practitioners.
Contribute to the creation of the next generation cloud investment data architecture strategy to be followed by the durable agile product teams in the investment technology department .
Contribute to the creation of primarily cloud based reference and implementation data architecture patterns for the durable agile product teams across the investment technology department.
Contribute to definition and documentation of the field of use and best practices for various database types (relational, key-value, in-memory, document, graph, time series, and ledger) for investment data in the cloud.
Contribute to definition and documentation of the field of use and best practices for various types of analytics managed services (real time, operational, interactive, Big Data processing, data warehousing, and dashboards) for democratizing investment data in the cloud.
Collaborate with investment business data governance colleagues to establish optimal processes and appropriate controls to catalog, manage, and govern data in the cloud.
Collaborate with investment technology solution architects and senior technical staff on the durable agile product teams to:
Establish bounded contexts for the business data in scope of the products
Define the data access patterns to the data in scope
Select the fit for purpose data store / database to store data in the cloud
Assess the appropriate sizing and layout for the data in the selected database services
Develop the data models according to the data access pattern appropriate to the selected database services
Ensure next generation cloud data reference architecture and patterns are followed
Participate in special projects and performs other duties as assigned

Qualifications

Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience
Minimum 7+ years relevant work experience with 5+ years of experience as a data/solution architect
Experience designing and delivering financial services investment related solutions for business operations and operational analytics
Experience designing data solutions taking into account the functional requirements as well as the system qualities such as availability, performance, scalability, consistency, and concurrency
Experience designing and delivering polyglot cloud data solutions with two or more of the following database types: relational, key-value, in-memory, document, graph, time series, or ledger
Experience with AWS database services is preferred
Experience designing and developing a variety of cloud analytics solutions. Experience with AWS analytics services is preferred
Experience in sizing, performance tuning, cost optimization and of cloud compute resources and query optimization of databases
Experience in designing data storage architecture such as data partitioning, indexing, and compaction
Familiarity with cloud AI/ML developer services
Experience with DevSecOps, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery
AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Professional Certification is preferred
Knowledge of good data management practices
Strong Communication and Presentation skills

Special Factors

Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.

About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.",3.3,"Vanguard
3.3","Malvern, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1975,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
60,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
61,Associate Data Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

As an Associate Data Scientist, you will apply modern data storage, movement, and transformation architectures and techniques to extract and engineer features from any scale structured or unstructured data in health, IT system, business processes, or external data. You will also access, cleanse, compile, and transform disparate data sets to conduct exploratory and pre-defined analyses using scientifically valid techniques and generate meaningful insights as well as assist with feasibility studies to identify data availability, quality and modeling requirements, and dependencies.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Software Engineering, Data Science, or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of statistical programming and applied programming work experience
At least 1 year Data mining, quantitative analysis, and/or statistical modeling including predictive performance and algorithm optimization work experience
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with relational databases and SQL; NoSQL databases (hBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, Couch DB, Riak) and unstructured data; Spark; Pig and Avro
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Expectations
Willing to travel up to 20% of the time as needed
Must be currently residing in or willing to relocate to the Kansas City metro area",4.0,"Cerner
4.0","North Kansas City, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
62,Scientist,$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"_Scientist_*
The Scientist position will demonstrate knowledge and skill in conducting experiments for various cellular and molecular endpoints in oocytes, sperm, embryos and stem cells using multiple analytical techniques. This position reports directly to the Research Director and should function in an independent fashion, taking direction from the Medical Director as needed. This position should be responsible, attentive to details and have a desire to develop professionally.

CCRM is an industry-leading pioneer in fertility science, research and advancement, offering access to national network of award-winning physicians, a full suite of fertility services, innovation technology and cutting edge labs. CCRM is currently comprised of eleven locations spanning the U.S. and Canada with growth planned for continued network development on a domestic and international basis. CCRM is proud to assist in building all kinds of families.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS*:
Conduct research in the area of oocyte and embryo physiology and metabolism, including in vitro embryo production and analysis of molecular pathways.
Record and statistically analyze scientific data.
Interpretation of experimental results and participate in preparing meeting abstracts, manuscript, and research proposals.
Report and discuss research results at weekly lab meetings and bi-weekly meetings with Research Director; assist in planning future work.
Read scientific literature, participate in seminars and journal clubs, bring scientific publications of interest to the attention of the PI.
Bank and catalog samples, both human and research models.
Present research findings at national and international meetings.
Participate in seminars and journal clubs.
Communicate with Research Department staff regarding coordination of laboratory function.
Other duties as assigned.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: *
PhD degree in Animal Sciences, Biology, Cell or Molecular Biology, or a related field is required.
Previous scientific laboratory experience is required.
Strong computer and excel skills, ability to use basis office equipment.
Strong ability to follow procedures and protocols is essential.
Must be organized with a strong ability to multi-task, prioritize, have strong attention to detail, and a strong ability to utilize time efficiently.
Must have a strong ability to act independently as well as be able to work effectively in a team.
Must have excellent customer service skills, exhibiting courteous, compassionate and respectful treatment of internal and external customers at all times.
Must consistently display a positive attitude and flexibility in changing situations.
Must have excellent communication skills and make it a priority to consistently communicate positively and professionally with all staff members, physicians and patients.
Must demonstrate the ability to be a team player and possess a willingness to perform duties that are assigned or delegated in a timely manner.
Participate in identifying problems and suggesting solutions.
Maintain confidentiality of all work information.
Maintain strict confidentiality for all patient and clinic information, consistent with established security and confidentiality policies and HIPAA regulation at all times.
Understand and assess for domestic violence and child abuse issues and reporting responsibilities. Will report concerns to Medical Director or Research Director.
Ability to work weekends, and holidays on a rotating basis with other teammates.
WORK ENVIRONMENT*
This job operates in a professional office and clinical/research setting with daily use of surgical instrumentation and equipment; daily use of chemicals such as Formalin; daily use of medical supplies, equipment and materials. Work with animals is required. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, including computer keyboards and mice; telephones; photocopiers; scanners; filing cabinets.

The duties of this position involves a potential for mucous membrane or skin contact with blood, body fluids or tissues or a potential for spills or splashes of them. Appropriate protective measures are required for every employee engaged in these tasks. The duties of this position also involves occasionally exerting 75 pounds of force, and/or up to 35 pounds of force frequently.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate with others. The employee is frequently required to sit; will occasionally stand and/or walk; use hands and fingers to grasp, pick, pinch, type; and reach with hands and arms. Employee is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; operation of standard office machines and equipment.

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT/ANTI-DISCRIMINATION*
CCRM is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of Race, Color, Religion, Creed, National Origin, Ancestry, Sex, Pregnancy, Age, Sexual Orientation (including transgender status), Physical or Mental Disability, Marriage to a Co-Worker, or for anyone engaging in Protected Activity (opposing a discriminatory practice or participating in an employment discrimination proceeding). Additionally, this employer does not tolerate any employees engaging in discriminatory behavior based on any of the aforementioned protected classes.
COMPENSATION & BENEFITS*
CCRM proudly offers a competitive and comprehensive compensation and benefits package
PRE-EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS*
All offers of employment by this employer are conditional upon the incumbent’s successful completion of pre-employment screenings, including a criminal background check, drug screen, educational and prior employment verification, professional reference checks, and verification of the incumbent’s eligibility and authorization to work in the United States.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Laboratory: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)",3.8,"CCRM
3.8","Lone Tree, CO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Other Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
63,"Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA",$61k-$104k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position: Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA

Job Summary

This position will apply advanced analytical and mathematical techniques to solve complex decision problems. Candidate will use ESRI/ArcGIS products in conjunction with high performance computing, big data analytics and data visualization techniques to assist the development of a data collection and analysis system.

Years of Relevant Experience

The position requires 2 - 7 equivalent years of experience in Geographical Information Systems, operations research, modeling and simulation, or technical analysis. Specific experience with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) or the Aviation Industry is desired.

Essential Job Functions
Individual will support model and simulation development to provide quantitative analyses, cost-benefit and economic analyses to support the Federal Aviation Administration Program Acquisition and Operational Systems Evaluation.
Individual will have experience in developing ESRI Survey123 data collection forms
Individual will have experience in data collection, data normalization techniques, statistical analysis and performance metrics development
Individuals will have experience with compiling and integration map data for automation
Individuals will be required to contribute effectively to working groups through oral and written communication and cooperative working relationships
Individuals will support the develop of custom visualizations
Education Requirements

Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Engineering, Mathematics, Operations Research, Physics, Economics, or similar.

Master’s degree is a plus

Skills Requirements
Experience with ESRI Tool set – ArcGIS, Survey123
Experience with pSQL/ relation databases is desired
Experience with MATLAB, SAS, Python, Java/C++/VBA and MS Office Products is desired
Experience with and data visualization tools such Shiny, Tableau, Cold Fusion is desired
Security Requirements

Must be a US citizen or a legal resident for three of the past five years

Must meet eligibility requirements for a US Public Trust security clearance",4.8,"Cobec Consulting
4.8","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
64,Data Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Publishers Clearing House (PCH), located in Jericho, NY is looking for a strongData Scientist who is passionate about using the power of algorithms to drive customer engagement and monetization. As a part of our Analytics team, you will be utilizing enormous volumes of data on customers, PCH products, channels, and developing advanced statistical algorithms to solve unique business problems. This is an exciting opportunity to work with big data to build data products backed by algorithms to delight customers and to drive significant advances in PCH Commerce (online and Direct Mail), Search, Online Gaming, and Digital Advertising business.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Work comfortably with multi-terabyte, and billion+ rows data to extract insights and building predictive models to maximize profit
Utilize large-scale data mining and machine learning techniques to discover actionable patterns in the data
Perform rigorous model development, evaluation, design hypothesis tests, oversee test execution and result evaluation
Communicate complex analyses in a clear and actionable manner
Desired skills, experience& qualifications:
Masters degree required in Machine Learning, Applied Math, Computer Science, Economics, Statistics, or a related quantitative field
2 to 5 years’ experience in building predictive models using SAS Enterprise Guide (EG) , SAS Enterprise Miner or/and Python
Solid understanding of advanced statistical concepts, especially related to modelling is a must
Experience with publishers and or ad tech companies, experience in media, advertising and marketing vertical is a plus
Knowledge of programmatic advertising and digital acquisition. Experience in building optimization models /algorithms for media spends and maximize CPM
Experience working with enterprise-level digital analytics platform such as Google Analytics is a plus
Experience with cloud platforms AWS or Google Could Platforms (preferred)
Experience with ETL and building data pipelines and familiarity with distributed storage and big data computing technology is a plus
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Publishers Clearing House (PCH), headquartered in Jericho, NY, and with offices in NYC, Portland, ME and Boston, MA, is a leading direct-to-consumer company offering a broad range of products, digital entertainment services to consumers as well as customized solutions for advertisers. Our continued success in today’s new digital publishing environment is built on PCH’s unique, free-to-play, chance-to-win value proposition, which enables individually personalized offers based on the trusted first-party relationship we maintain with millions of consumers and is fueled by the excitement of the Publishers Clearing House brand.

Join our winning team and apply today!

This position is located in Jericho, NY. Candidates must reside in the NY tri-state area

PCH is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.1,"Publishers Clearing House
3.1","Jericho, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1953,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
65,"Sr. Data Scientist, Consumer Behavior",$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Wish is a mobile e-commerce platform that flips traditional shopping on its head. We connect hundreds of millions of people with the widest selection of delightful, surprising, and—most importantly—affordable products delivered directly to their doors. Each day on Wish, millions of customers in more than 160 countries around the world discover new products. For our over 1 million merchant partners, anyone with a good idea and a mobile phone can instantly tap into a global market.

We're fueled by creating unique products and experiences that give people access to a new type of commerce, where all are welcome. If you’ve been searching for a supportive environment to chase your curiosity and use data to investigate the questions that matter most to you, this is the place.

Job Description

At Wish, our Data Science & Engineering team is composed of Data Scientists, Data Analysts & Data Engineers who focus on centralizing corporate data in order to gain insights, knowledge and scalability, that empower a proactive and rigorous analysis of key business indicators. Our mission is to derive wisdom from data via the application of Data Science.

Wish has exciting opportunities for talented Data Scientists on our Buyer Side (Product) data science team. This is a unique opportunity to experiment with a 500 million strong consumer base that draws 100+ million MAU. Successful candidates will have extensive backgrounds in quantitative fields and significant experience with experiment design and execution at scale.

#LI-WISHXDS #HiringNow

What you'll be doing:
Proactively develop insights and models to help us understand user behavior, identify opportunities and make better product decisions.
Lead the design, analysis, and interpretation of experiments that shape decision-making across the company
Propose, test and implement new experimentation methodologies, causal-inference approaches that can sharpen our product decision-making process.
Research, identify and implement new frameworks to better measure success of our products and shape our strategy
Mentor junior data scientists on how to use more advanced methods and solve business problems
Qualifications
Advanced degree in a quantitative field.
A minimum of 3 years of Data Science experience in technology or research industry.
Proficient in Python or R
Deep statistical skills utilized in A/B testing, analyzing observational data, and modeling
An advanced ability to translate business questions into analysis and experiments that yield business insights and shape the company strategy
Preferred Qualifications:
Demonstrated track record of successful projects in applying quantitative techniques to improve a product or business.
7+ years work experience in technology or research industry.
Domain expert in one of the fields: statistics, machine learning, optimization, and economics.
Additional Information

Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.",3.5,"Wish
3.5","Seattle, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
66,Senior Data Engineer,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"About SecurityScorecard:


SecurityScorecard is an industry-leading cybersecurity company backed by Google, Sequoia, and Riverwood. Our mission is to make the world a safer place. We measure your and your vendors' cyber-health by assigning a security rating of ""A"" through ""F"" based on outside-in, non-intrusive data. Our Comprehensive security ratings, advanced data analytics, and actionable insights discover Third-Party Vulnerabilities & Security Gaps In Real-Time.
We are headquartered in NYC with over 200+ employees globally, raised over $110M USD, used by 1,000+ enterprise customers, and rating 1.5 million companies. We have created a new category of enterprise software, and our culture has helped us be recognized as one of the 10 hottest SaaS startups in NY for two years in a row.
Our vision is to create a new language for companies and their partners to communicate, understand, and improve each other's security posture.

What you will do:


As a Senior Software Engineer on the Data Pipeline Platform team, you will help us scale, support, and build the next-generation platform for our data pipelines. The team's mission is to empower data scientists, software engineers, data engineers, and threat intelligence engineers accelerate the ingestion of new data sources and present the data in a meaningful way to our clients.

You will design and implement systems for ingesting, transforming, connecting, storing, and delivering data from a wide range of sources with varying levels of complexity and scale. You will enable other engineers to deliver value rapidly with minimum duplication of effort. Automate the infrastructure supporting the data pipeline as code and deployments by improving CI/CD pipelines. Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve the data platform to maintain stability and optimal performance.

Who you are:
Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Math
6+ years of data pipeline software development experience
Exceptional skills in at least one high-level programming language (Scala, Java, Go, Python or equivalent)
Actively using and a strong understanding of big data technologies such as Kafka, Spark, Storm, Apache Flink, Databricks toolkit and Cassandra
Experience with Dataflow orchestration in Google Cloud Flow, Airflow, or Conductor
Experience with AWS services including EMR, S3, Redshift, and RDS
Excellent communication skills to collaborate with cross-functional partners and independently drive projects and decisions
Previous experience working in distributed teams. We are a remote-first company!
Located in the U.S. or Canada
Benefits:
Competitive salary
Full health benefits
Stock options
401K
You are always welcome to work from home
$3000 per year education fund
#1 Ranked Cybersecurity Analytics company in the word
SecurityScorecard embraces diversity. We believe that our team is strengthened through hiring and retaining employees with diverse backgrounds, skillsets, ideas, and perspectives. We make hiring decisions based upon merit and do not discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.",4.1,"SecurityScorecard
4.1",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
67,Sr Data Analyst,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position location: Lake Mary, FLor Blue Bell, PA

Position Summary
The Senior Data Analyst drives pharma client analytics solutions for United BioSource Corporation (UBC), supporting many of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to improve patient lives, support drug safety programs, and help manage new Clinical studies.

Responsibilities

· Build and continually improve Tableau dashboard offerings for business partners.

· Monitor and analyze business performance, providing targeted dashboards and recommendations for operational improvement.

· Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for business data, systems and processes under team’s area of support.

· Write and edit SQL code to ensure data is pulled optimally.

Required Qualifications

· BS in a technical field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, IS, Computer Science, etc).

· Advanced SQL skills.

· Advanced dashboard design skills, including 2+ years of experience with a dashboard toolset (Tableau, Qlik, Domo, Birst, etc).

· 2+ years of data analysis experience.

· Excellent communication and presentation ability.

· Excellent project management skills.

· Highly self-motivated.

Preferred Qualifications

· MS in a Data-related field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, etc).

· Expert-level SQL skills

· Expert-level Tableau skills.

· Advanced R skills.

· Healthcare (ideally pharma) experience.

·Minimal travel is required (",2.5,"United BioSource
2.5","Blue Bell, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Other Organization,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
68,Data Analyst,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking a Senior Data Analyst for Role in Washington, DC

My name is Stephen Hrutka and I am the owner of a Veteran Owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the VA, SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

One of my Veteran-owned clients is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC. The ideal candidate has VA experience and experience within the financial management office.

If this role is not a fit for you but you may know someone, I am glad to offer a referral bonus for any successful placements.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
HRUCKUS LLC

Executive Summary: HRUCKUS is seeking a Senior Data Analyst with 8 years of experience to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC.

Overall Job Description: This position will provide support services to a Federal Client in their initiative to provide fraud prevention services for the VBA in addressing its improper payment and fraud prevention/investigation needs.

Position Responsibilities:
Performs tasks which may include obtaining data through advanced computerized models
Extrapolating data patterns through advanced algorithms
Developing simple graphs and charts to explain how the mathematical information will influence the specific project or business
Presenting to managers how to best alter their business models to generate profitable future trends
Education Requirement: BA/BS degree",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
69,Sr. Data Engineer - Cloud Services,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Cloud Consultant:

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
70,Data Scientist- Streetsboro Ohio Office,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Step2 Company is the largest American manufacturer of preschool and toddler toys and one of the world’s largest rotational molders of plastics. It’s our mission to be the leading innovator of children's products that build imaginations and enrich the family's celebration of childhood.

Step2 proudly employs moms, dads, grandparents, aunts, uncles and everyone in between. We offer an environment of fun and hard work. Our mission of bringing families together isn’t just for our customers. The Step2 family starts with our employees and we’re excited that you’re interested in joining our team!

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Reporting to the IT Director, and in close collaboration FP&A, the Data Scientist will support our product, sales, operations, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

SPECIFIC DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design
Functions as Oracle subject matter expert and ensures end users are properly trained to use system and reports appropriately; troubleshoots issues.
Serves as the System Administrator for the Daily Operating System (D.O.S.) Report and supporting network.
Ensures functionality and accuracy of reports which make up the D.O.S. report (i.e. Mold Placement Master, Mold Placement Report, Attendance Rosters).
Keeps D.O.S. supporting data updated (i.e. labor standards, NSP pricing, tooling information, goals, etc.)
Data mines and analyzes data from Oracle to provide user-friendly ad-hoc reports as request by various departments and upper level management.
Design and create a data repository to achieve the above objectives
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Content Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.


ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Excellent project management skills
Ability to explain complex issues clearly and succinctly
Effectively summarizes and communicates results
Ability to forecast potential problems and pitfalls
What are the perks?
· Parental Leave
· 401k with Employer Match
· Tuition Assistance
· Company Paid Life& Disability Insurance
· Adoption Assistance
· Medical, Dental and Vision
· Premium FREE Medical Plan
· Employee Discount
· 10 Paid Holidays
· Advancement Opportunities
Join our family!

Apply today or text Step2Jobs to 97211 to connect with a recruiter.

Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer



Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"Step2
3.3","Streetsboro, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
71,Senior Data Engineer,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse engineering teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/

Position Summary:

As a member of the Software Engineering team, the Senior Data Engineer owns the definition, execution, and delivery of technical architecture for Brain Corporation's Product Analytics team. Your work will improve the quality, reliability, accuracy, and consistency of our data. You will help build project-specific data pipelines and validation tools. You will have a hands-on role with product specialists and be responsible for working with them to understand data requirements and then implement those requirements in software.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Fully own critical portions of Brain Corporation's product analytics data model.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand needs, model tables using data warehouse best practices, and develop data pipelines to ensure the timely delivery of high-quality data.
Work with technical and product stakeholders to understand data-oriented project requirements.
Write code that is understandable, simple, and easy to maintain.
Design, implement and ensure the accuracy of validation and related services for data models.
Think and work agile, including automated testing, continuous integration and deployment.
Manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritizing when necessary.
What you need:
Bachelor's in Computer Science or other related field.
5-8+ years software development experience.
Passionate about data quality and delivering effective data to impact the business.
Experience with sourcing and modeling data from application REST-like APIs.
MPP/Cloud data warehouse solutions (Snowflake, etc).
Proficiency in SQL, experience writing ETLs.
Proficiency in JavaScript/Node.js, Python, or willingness to translate experience in equivalent language.
Things that make a difference:
Master's in Computer Science or other related field.
Experience with Kafka, AMQP or other message bus.
OpenAPI/Swagger.
Express.js, NestJS.
SAML, OKTA.
Azure experience is a plus.
Being comfortable outside of your comfort zone - explore new tech, make your own tool, or find a new way to address an old problem.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; using hands to finger, grasp, and feel; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; lift, push, carry, or pull up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employee is exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones.",3.5,"Brain Corp
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
72,Air Compliance Staff Engineer or Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"SCS Engineers is an employee-owned environmental consulting and contracting firm that designs and implements sustainable environmental solutions. We just celebrated our 50th anniversary as a company on April 1, 2020! Our core capabilities are: solid and hazardous waste management, landfill gas, environmental due-diligence and assessment, brownfields redevelopment , site remediation, renewable energy, and regulatory compliance for businesses and municipalities responsible for protecting our air, water, and soil. Our employees take pride in their work, and together, we have the singular vision to be the environmental firm of choice for clients and our employee owners. If you thrive in a friendly, collaborative company and desire dynamic and challenging work among a team of innovative individuals, then SCS is the place for you. Are you up for the challenge?

Job Summary

To support our ongoing environmental consulting business efforts, SCS Engineers is looking for an air compliance specialist to become a long-term asset to our growing practice in California. This individual will be required to complete technical work, manage and maintain contact with clients, and manage the schedule and work product performed consistent within SCSs quality control standards. We prefer this person to be based in Long Beach, but are open to them being based in another SCS California office.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Air quality permitting and compliance; greenhouse gas emissions compliance; general regulatory compliance; various permitting for solid waste and industrial facility projects
Technical work may include completing calculations, reviewing compliance issues, preparing permitting documentation, reviewing data, research, and report writing as well as related services.
Work may also include in field activities, such as field meetings on engineering-related issues, oversight of construction activities, collection of samples, site inspections, etc.
Client interaction and preparation of proposals will be required on an as needed basis
Occasional travel may be required.
Qualifications
Bachelors of Science Degree or higher in Environmental, Chemical, or Civil Engineering, or other Science degree required
2 to 5 years of related experience in Air Quality and/or related disciplines required
Engineer-in-Training (EIT) preferred for engineering candidates
Demonstrated knowledge in Air Compliance required
Strong communication skills, oral and written (technical)
Valid drivers license with a driving record in good standing required
MS Office software, with particular demonstrated skills in MS Excel; AutoCAD and/or GIS expertise would be a plus
At SCS, you will have an opportunity to contribute to our strategic direction, help us continue to grow, and provide our clients with responsive, innovative, high quality client service. We offer excellent opportunities for career advancement and a competitive compensation package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401K, ESOP, Student Debt Employer Contribution Program, paid holidays and PTO.

SCS Engineers is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). SCS provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disabled status.

If you have questions, difficulty using our online system and/or you need an accommodation due to a disability then please contact us about your interest in employment at recruiting@scsengineers.com.",4.1,"SCS Engineers
4.1","Long Beach, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
73,Biological Data Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311163

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to provide technical expertise on existing projects, lead in the development of new research proposals, and provide leadership and mentorship to junior scientists and peers. Expertise in statistics, machine learning, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development, prior management experience, and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects leadership in mentoring, publishing, project leadership, strategic planning and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research, be the lead author of a significant number of technical products and have national recognition through professional societies or participation in national meetings in statistics or computational biology. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 7 years of experience, MS/MA with 5 years of experience, or PhD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions

+ National reputation through scientific publication and conference presentation

+ Prior team leadership
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-28_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-05_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
74,Senior Data Analyst,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Company Overview:

Guided by a mission to help, ABILITY, an Inovalon company, is a leading information technology company helping healthcare providers and payers simplify administrative and clinical complexity by enabling data-driven improvements in healthcare.

Through specialized, easy-to-use applications and data analytics that work together, customers of all types and sizes across the continuum of care – rely on ABILITY to help optimize reimbursement, care quality and staffing.

Our employee philosophy is simple: We hire smart, talented people and trust them to do their thing. As part of ABILITY, you’ll grow with a company that wants you to succeed. To support you, we provide the teams, the latitude, the support and the culture so you can try new things, broaden your experience, and grow and succeed with us. Join our team and help make ABILITY a great place to do great work.

Job Purpose:

There are two primary outcomes of this Senior Data Analyst role. The first outcome is to provide analysis and reporting to leadership to drive the business forward. The second outcome is to keep our systems and data warehouse efficient and accurate through writing efficient SQL code, designing automated reporting, and providing recommendations to committees for further process/workflow automation. This role will be interacting with all departments and job roles, from the bottom of the org chart up to the President of ABILITY and will require strong communication and technical skills.

Responsibilities


Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Developer of ad-hoc, automated, and recurring reporting enterprise wide (Executive Team, Finance, Marketing, Sales, Sales Operations, Customer Operations, IT, Development, Product Management)
Develop and maintain a database and reporting structure in order to remain the primary source of data analytics and reporting within the company
Communicate your analysis and reporting in an easy to understand way through presentations, email, and with proper documentation.
Learn & maintain an in-depth knowledge of the processes relevant to data analytics that are in place for each department while identifying areas for process improvement and working to fix them
Perform month end variance analyses to understand in detail the drivers for variations in financials and various other 'ad-hoc' analyses as requested to help identify what is happening within the business
Lead, encourage, and support all analysts with reporting, insights, project review, and training in our data measures and structures
Research and implement new reporting solutions, both with internal applications and external applications in order to utilize our technology to the fullest
Maintain compliance with Inovalon’s policies, procedures and mission statement;
Adhere to all confidentiality and HIPAA requirements as outlined within Inovalon’s Operating Policies and Procedures in all ways and at all times with respect to any aspect of the data handled or services rendered in the undertaking of the position;
Fulfill those responsibilities and/or duties that may be reasonably provided by Inovalon for the purpose of achieving operational and financial success of the Company;
Uphold responsibilities relative to the separation of duties for applicable processes and procedures within your job function; and
We reserve the right to change this job description from time to time as business needs dictate and will provide notice of such.
Qualifications
BA/BS in Finance, Accounting or related Data Analysis field
Minimum 5 years of related experience
Expert knowledge in Microsoft Office suite including Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
Ability to write complex SQL queries required
Experience with Tableau required
Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) required
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrate ability to work effectively with others within a complex, fast paced organization required
Capability to work independently when needed, with strong “executive presence”
Merger and acquisition experience a plus


Travel: 0%",3.0,"PNNL
3.9","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
75,Claims Data Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary
As a Claims Data Scientist at ConcertAI, you will be responsible for data exploration, and analysis on patient data for various stakeholders in the oncology and healthcare domain, including claims and claims-clinical linked data assets. You will report to the Vice President of Data Products. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, visualization, stats/math, and ML skills (with a particular strength in at least 2 of those areas), and ideally, you have been applying those skills in healthcare. You should have previous experience with healthcare claims. You will design methods and models around client driven needs and you will collaborate with various subject matter experts to inform those methods. You will assist the client delivery team with insights, dashboards, and ad-hoc analytics. You will also work with the engineering team to build prototypes and models for new product development.
Responsibilities
Understand external claims data assets and oversee the ingestion, processing, de-identification, and provisioning for data assets and research projects.
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives with defined goals and timelines.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Become the internal subject matter expert on all things claims.
Implement models using high level software packages (SKlearn, R, TensorFlow, Spark).
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Experience with healthcare claims data
Intimate familiarity with the python data science stack (pandas, sklearn, numpy/scipy).
Firm understanding of claims data processing and adjudication, including rejections, re-submissions, and identifying final claims.
Ideal candidate would have a competency around linking EMR and claims data via identity management.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
76,"Scientist I/II, AAV Vector Engineering",$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Homology Medicines is seeking an outstanding Scientist to assist in the advancement of Homology’s viral gene therapy production platform. Homology has a portfolio of 15 unique adeno-associated viruses, called AAVHSC’s, and is well on its way to developing large scale rare disease cures. The individual in this role will be a highly skilled, talented and motivated scientist who will assist in developing and characterizing next generation plasmids for large scale manufacturing of AAV vectors. We seek candidates with the ability to work independently and collaboratively, who are driven to pursue cutting edge science and develop next generation therapies to transform the lives of patients, and most importantly who are passionate about great science & a positive culture.

· Support the design, development, and characterization of novel plasmids for AAV production
· Execute experiments aimed at improving vector productivity and product quality
· Clone and characterize plasmids used in vector production
· Carry out routine production of AAV vectors in adherent and suspension cultures
· Develop new assays and perform a variety of molecular biology or cell-based assays including PCR, SDS-PAGE, western blot etc.
· Analyze vector specific characteristics including packaging efficiency and product quality, as impacted by packaging and inverted terminal repeat (ITR) plasmid and integrity
· Liaise with Research teams to facilitate the transition of constructs into process development
· Collaborate closely with Process Development teams to evaluate critical vector attributes and process parameters affecting AAV vector production and cell biology
· Maintain and update protocols and electronic lab notebooks; ensure data integrity and traceability
· Author technical reports and support regulatory filings as needed

· Ph.D. or M.S. in molecular biology, virology, or related fields with at least 0-3 (Ph.D.) or 3-6 (M.S.) years industry experience in viral vector production
· Expert in molecular techniques including plasmid cloning, restriction digestion and sequencing
· Experience in mammalian adherent and suspension cell culture and transient transfection
· Hands-on experience in AAV cloning and production
· Thorough understanding of virus characterization methods including nucleic acid and protein-based approaches
· In-depth knowledge in AAV biology and cell biology
· Self-motivated, detail oriented, and good problem-solving ability
· Excellent interpersonal written and oral communication skills",4.4,"Homology Medicines, Inc.
4.4","Bedford, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
77,Data Analyst,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"At TrialCard, our passion is success - success for clients, success for us. You’ll notice who comes first. We’re committed to providing solutions, through innovation and unparalleled customer support, to the pharmaceutical industry to improve access and affordability of their medicines to patients. We work tirelessly on the behalf of our clients, because when they succeed, so do we.
The Data Analyst will support internal stakeholders through the aggregation of data for reporting and analytical purposes. The candidate must have the ability to manipulate and normalize data in a way that helps support accurate reporting and foster operational standardization. The Data Analyst will also work cross-functionally to gather and translate requirements across business units creating synergies and developing efficiencies.
The candidate must be an excellent communicator (both orally and written) and be able to effectively foster interactive collaboration and discussions among clients and internal TrialCard teams. The Data Analyst must be able to present analyses and conclusions in a logical and clear manner and must be able to effectively work as part of a team.

Assists program managers with ad-hoc and standardized reports through data manipulation and raw data extracts.
Works directly with business users and decision-makers to gather and document requirements and define scope to ensure accurate development of reporting solutions.
Works primarily within SQL, Excel, and MicroStrategy platforms for data manipulation.
Performs continuous audits to ensure standard, consistent, and quality master data in catering systems is valid and correct.
Supports and maintains current Quality Assurance Program to ensure continued effectiveness within the department.
Identifies additional data, reporting and analytic opportunities to support our pharmaceutical clients and scope work necessary to fulfill them.
Maintains master data lists through additions and revisions when identified by the business users.
Performs and documents procedures for data preparation including data cleaning, standardization and analysis.
Develops and maintains operational dashboards for key decision-makers.
Standardizes and cleanses raw data using predefined rules as well as establishing new rules as needed.
Translates business requirements into reporting requirements/mock-ups for BI and MicroStrategy teams.

Bachelor’s degree in Math, Statistics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or similar discipline.
Must have 2+ years of related data-management, analytics, or business intelligence experience.
Solid technical writing skills; ability to clearly and completely articulate work to be done and describe tasks using proper terminology.
Experience interpreting data and presenting meaningful, client-ready business insights.
Demonstrated application of analytical skills.
Mid-level proficiency in SQL programming and common query optimization techniques for data extraction.
Advanced Excel and/or Access skills. (e.g., VLOOKUP, SUMIF, Macros)
Understanding of dimensional data modeling concepts, as well as data warehousing design highly desirable.
Experience designing and implementing enterprise business intelligence solutions using Microstrategy, Microsoft SSRS or similar highly desirable.
Knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry highly desirable.
Knowledge of direct marketing highly desirable.
Experience in the healthcare industry is highly desirable.",3.1,"TrialCard
3.1","Morrisville, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
78,Senior Data Analyst,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want to innovate customer experiences and make business decisions smarter through data? Are you ready to join a collaborative and motivated team diving into cutting edge big data technology? As an Senior Data Analyst on the Single View of the Customer (SVOC) team, you’ll thrive in a fast-paced innovative culture that turns data into information, and uses that information to drive action. You will have the opportunity to interact with all our SVOC scrum teams, ensuring that we are incorporating new technologies seamlessly, all while providing value to our customers. This opportunity also allows you to dive in to complex technologies, and work with a very forward-thinking group of peers!

Familiar, but never leveraged big data technologies? No worries! When you first join our SVOC team, you will have the opportunity to come up to speed on the cutting-edge technologies we use to develop SVOC!

Basic Qualifications:

o Significant experience in facilitating the discovery process with functional stakeholders to identify requirements and expected outcomes.
o Experience in developing test plans and scenarios to ensure the highest quality deliverables
o Strong SQL, data mapping, and data profiling skills
o Working knowledge of Big Data and the Hadoop Ecosystem
o Outstanding time management skills and attention to detail
o Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
o Strong presentation skills. Should be comfortable with presenting to all levels of management
o A Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, related field (business, finance, mathematics, computer science), or equivalent professional experience is required

Preferred Qualifications:

o Understanding and experience with Web Services and APIs
o Experience in querying NoSQL databases
o Knowledge and experience working in an Agile environment
o Exposure to QLIK or other data visualization tools
o Experience with providing Production Support

Note: The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.
About GEICO:
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

As a full-time Senior Data Analyst, you’ll enjoy our Total Rewards Program* to help secure your financial future and preserve your health and well-being, including:
• Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**
• Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave
• 401(k) Plan with Profit Sharing
• Tuition Reimbursement
• Paid Training and Licensures
Benefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service.
*Coverage begins with the pay period after hire date. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire for coverage to take effect.

GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply
Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.

#DI-AT

#GDOORIT

#LI-AT1",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
79,Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Data Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are seeking skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application development.

If Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, summarization mean something to you, we want to talk to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system.

The candidate will be responsible for supporting a team of more senior AI/ML staff and Data Scientists in the following tasks:
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with Domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions in their studies
Excellent Communication Skills (with the abilty to explain developed tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Ability to formulate operational problems in aviation domain as technical problems that allows for reuse of leading research in the area.
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team

Preferred Qualifications:
1 to 2 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch,Mxnet etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, MEAN stack - MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization , search (e.g. ELK Stack) , entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintain good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
80,Lead Data Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our mission is to make the best mental health tools radically accessible for everyone.

We are pioneers in building personalized digital mental health tools to help millions of people with mental health difficulties. We are building a suite of regulated, prescription only digital therapeutics as well as a sophisticated delivery platform capable of responding to the lived experience of our users.

Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of intervention science at Stanford University. Our founder has an international reputation in Digital Mental Health intervention development. And our Chairman is Andrew Ng; and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP.

There has never been a better time to use your data science skills for good. Given the recent acceleration in infrastructure to allow for the meaningful adoption of DTx, our strong product reputation and existing relationships within health systems, Woebot is in a period of explosive growth. We are looking for a product-minded data scientist to continue to create value for our users, customers, and execute on our IP strategy.

What you will do:

As a leader in the Product team, you will work cross-departmentally with clinical and engineering team members to build machine learning and AI algorithms that are the core of Woebot's intelligence. There are four areas we want you to own and drive:

Drive An Insights & Analytics Culture
You will help create data analysis and analytics pipelines that improve not only the underlying ML algorithms but also the product and the user's experience.
You will lead a team of Analysts and be responsible for good data driven hygiene, including the creation, redesign, and maintenance of analytics dashboards and BI tools such as BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or Tableau.
You will also advise on data labeling strategy so that Woebot's conversational engine is continuously improved and informs changes in features, content, and UX.
Improve User Personalization:
Woebot exchanges 4.7 M messages with our users every week. You will create & lead a data-driven personalization strategy for this audience.
We consider personalization to be key for developing a relationship over time while delivering precision interventions, that is; the right method to the right person at the right time.
Contribute To Evidence:
In the next 6 months, you'll help Woebot develop evidence & trends to demonstrate the value of our highest priority products.
You're helping answer the most pressing questions in the mental health field around engagement, dose, and treatment outcomes.
In partnership with our Clinical team and academic partners, we expect you to contribute to our pipeline of peer-reviewed published research.
In addition to some platform-related pieces, you will lead publication in Data Science and HCI research.
What Your First 90 Days Could Look Like
By Day 30 - Assess the lay of the landscape & team - and make suggestions around in house analytic tools, dashboard and strategies.
By Day 60 - understand the roadmap with our founder and reverse engineer our tailored interventions. Deliver a prioritized list of roadmap items.
By Day 90 - Submit your first publication. Execute on a plan for improving user outcomes with our analytics and ML.
Role Specific Competencies:
PhD in Data Analysis or ML/AI or computational field with 8-10+ years of applied experience
Knowledge of one or more modern ML/NLP frameworks, such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, or Keras
Track Record of publishing in peer reviewed academic literature
You've led and managed other analysts and data scientists.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
What you will add to our culture:
Strong work-ethic: Works hard to get a job done.
Proactive & flexible: Able to hit the ground running, takes responsibility for finding a way to get the job done.
Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience, are a team player motivated to help others be successful.
High standards: Applies high standards toward everything.
Humble: You want to learn and grow in the role, and are open to feedback on how to do that.
What we offer:
Competitive Salary
Stock Options
Flexible PTO
Health, Dental & Vision
Healthy Snacks & Meals
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Woebot Health
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
81,Clinical Data Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Your Superpowers
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
82,Machine Learning - Computer Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking a Senior / Lead Computer Scientist to cultivate and lead highly skilled technical staff to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics. As our Computer Scientist you will promote and provide MITRE-unique value across multiple sponsors. Additionally, you will be expected to initiate and contribute to various research projects & efforts across MITRE and in collaboration with academia, industry and sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with academia, industry and MITRE Technical Centers, portfolio and program divisions in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Work with department leadership to develop and evolve an enduring, adaptive and forward-looking strategy and capability advancing the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, and Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and provide technical guidance and quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes, strong leadership and transition of research results to sponsor operations
Provide exemplary leadership, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff related to Department domain knowledge or capabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field
5 + years applicable experience including machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Hands on work experience will include tools / packages such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Outstanding presentation skills, both development & delivery, are required for both MITRE facing and Sponsor facing communications
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government clearance are preferred
Proven experience with cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
83,Data Scientist Virtual Hiring Event,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Aveshka Hiring Event! Data Scientist

Event Details
Date: Friday, October 2, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Data Scientist

Intake Details:

Requirements

Data Visualization

Big Data

Programming

What to bring to this event

Updated resume

What to wear

Dress code is Casual (come as you are, but please be presentable).

About Aveshka

Aveshka is a professional services firm that helps clients by developing creative yet highly effective solutions to today’s ever-increasing threats and challenges. Our name, derived from the Hindi word meaning “innovation” or “discovery,” reflects our drive to bring cutting-edge, breakthrough solutions to the table. Our clients appreciate our team’s thought leadership, candid advice, and genuine partnership.

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

Responsibilities

•Handles raw data (e.g., structured, unstructured and mixed datasets), and analyzes data through the application of various statistical techniques or tools.

•Familiar with programming languages such as, but not limited to, R, SAS, Python, MatLab, SQL, Hive, Pig, and Spark.

•Experienced in working with and exploiting big data; distributed computing; predictive modeling; mathematics; statistics; machine learning; story-telling; and visualization.

•Demonstrates ability to extract meaning from and interpret data using a variety of tools and methods from statistics and machine learning.

•Ability to collect, clean, and mung data

in a timely manner as part of a cross-functional team in an intelligence, or related environment.

•Possesses strong working knowledge of the

Microsoft Office Suite, including Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, and Word.

Required

Experience:

•1-10 years of related experience

•Experience with programming languages such as, but not limited to: R, SAS, Python, MatLab, SQL, Hive, Pig, and Spark.

•Experience with using the Microsoft Office suite, including Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, and Word

Required Education:

•Bachelor’s Degree",3.6,"Aveshka
3.6","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
84,Data Science Software Engineer,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Schneider organization is seeking an experienced Data Science Software Engineer to be responsible for the creation of tools and applications that enable complex Advanced Analytics solutions within the enterprise. You will create conceptual prototypes to test new concepts, develop advanced analytics systems to solve challenging business problems, and deploy these tools and systems into the business and monitor their effectiveness and usefulness. You will also research the use of purchased and open-source technologies and concepts that support the creation of tools and systems for use by technical and non-technical users.

About the role:
Provide expert technical guidance in project working groups. Will frequently be asked to lead technical project discussions.
Gather requirements, design, develop, test, implement, and support applications developed across various development environments and in various languages.
Work with the Engineering team to develop and apply heuristics and mathematical concepts, such as natural language processing (NLP), simulation, optimization, machine learning, and statistical models to business problems. Develops state-of-the-art advanced analytics solutions for complex business problems.
Create prototype applications for complex solutions to implement approved concepts, actively guides and monitors the prototype when deployed to key users, transitions the prototype into a production system and provides production-support after implementation.
Follow appropriate development methodologies while developing applications.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Our ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field, plus a minimum of 5 years of IT work experience in systems analysis, designing, programming, system admin, implementation and maintenance of applications within an application domain; or the equivalent.
Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.
Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.
Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.
Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.
Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.
Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.

Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com/.
Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
85,"Sr. Manager, Supply Chain Business Intelligence and Data Science",$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Niagara, we’re looking for Team Members who want to be part of achieving our mission to provide our customers the highest quality most affordable bottled water.

Consider applying here, if you want to:

Work in an entrepreneurial and dynamic environment with a chance to make an impact.
Develop lasting relationships with great people.
Have the opportunity to build a satisfying career.

We offer competitive compensation and benefits packages for our Team Members.

Sr. Manager, Supply Chain Business Intelligence and Data Science

The Supply Chain Business Intelligence (BI) team owns data visibility and insights initiatives within the Supply Chain department. BI, together with Continuous Improvement (CI) and Training teams makes up the recently established “Supply Chain Solutions” team. This team plays a central role in defining the future of how Niagara’s Supply Chain department will operate and whether the company itself will be able to maintain a competitive advantage in our market space. The BI team support all Supply Chain functions: Planning, Procurement, Logistics, and Customer Service.

The Senior Manager of Supply Chain Business Intelligence is a Supply Chain leader who understands data from both operational/strategic points of view and is responsible for providing “Data-to-Insight” (BI) tools to support and enhance business strategies. Said leader will act as the main conduit between Supply Chain and IT as well as collaborate with other BI units housed within Finance/ Manufacturing/ Engineering. As such, s/he will be responsible for developing a roadmap and portfolio of all B.I. and technology projects necessary to support the long-term competitive needs of the entire supply chain department as well as the company as a whole. This individual will lead a team of business intelligence analysts who own the end to end for implementing data marts, ad-hoc self-serve reports, and dashboards to empower the broader group of business users.

Furthermore, Data Science will be an integral part of this role. As an organization, we are very keen on exploration in this area and leveraging it to perpetuate our competitive advantage in the coming decade. With this backdrop in mind, we seeking a candidate who has significant hands-on experience working on “Data Insight” type initiative where Data Science concepts were rigorously applied within a framework of best-of-breed Data Science toolsets. This is in addition to and not in lieu of the more traditional BI responsibilities and demonstrated leadership skillset that were laid out in the proceeding segment.

Essential Functions

Serves as a key point of contact for all data visibility and insights initiatives within the Supply Chain department and supports initiatives undertaken by cross-functional process improvement teams.
Coordinates with Supply Chain leadership and develops BI technology and Data Science capability roadmaps for all Supply Chain functions; primary partners include: Logistics, Customer Service, Procurement, Strategic Planning, as well as non-Supply Chain functional partners such as Finance/IT.
Injects direct Data Science know-how into the organization, including skillset and experience working within a robust Data Science platform such as Amazon SageMaker and RapidMiner.
Ensures that the necessary data architecture and software tools are available to allow for insightful and impactful machine learning, big data, and statistical analyses.
Leads the development of various predictive analytics/optimization/heuristics based models.
Employs data mining, data warehousing, segmentation, and other analytical techniques to capture important trends and create relevant measurement dashboards in platforms such as IBM Cognos, Tableau, Informatica, and Oracle OBIEE/OACS.
Understands the functional and technical design/architecture of ERP/OTM/WMS/EDI technologies.
Maintains continued enhancements and augmentations to existing B.I. tools and supply chain technology solutions.
Monitors and manages data issues and establish plans for ensuring data quality and integrity between transaction source systems and reporting environments.
Spearheads the development of policies, processes, standards, and best practices in data and integration management.
Develops and executes a strategy to provision business users with very accessible daily technical support answering analytical & technology related questions.
Publishes periodic updates on status of various initiatives to all Supply Chain team members and key stakeholders in other departments.
Collaborates with Continuous Improvement team to re-engineer processes, software enhancements, and KPIs framework to fully leverage our ever advancing BI capabilities.
Collaborates with Supply Chain Training team and Supply Chain leaders to administer appropriate trainings necessary to standardize technology usage.

Please note this job description is not designed to contain a comprehensive list of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without prior notice.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
6 Years – Experience in Technology Consulting or Data Analytics
6 Years – Experience in or supporting Operations/Strategy
4 Years – Experience managing people and projects
experience may include a combination of work experience and education
Preferred Qualifications:
10+ Years– Experience in Technology Consulting or Data Analytics
10+ Years – Experience in or supporting Operations/Strategy
6 Years – Experience managing people and projects
experience may include a combination of work experience and education
Competencies

Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Self-motivated with a proven record of taking the initiative
Ability to adjust and execute in a very dynamic and ever-changing environment
Ability to excel and deliver results working cross-functionally in a matrix environment
Technology acumen – Strong knowledge of latest Supply Chain integration technologies such as EDI, Web Services, Block Chain and etc.
Software skills – Subject Matter Expert level knowledge/experience in enterprise systems such as Oracle EBS, JDA, Logility
Leadership – Displays passion and optimism; Inspires and motivates others to perform well; Influences actions and opinions of others
People Management and Development – Fosters a quality focus in others; Builds upon areas of strength; Designs and executes plan to improve areas of weakness
Change Management – Communicates changes, builds commitment, and overcomes resistance
Oral Communication – Speaks clearly and persuasively in both positive and negative situations; Demonstrates ability to communicate well with other team members and with non-technical end users; Demonstrates refined and comprehensive presentation skills
Written Communication – Writes clearly and informatively; Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret intricate written information and data

This position embodies the values of Niagara’s LIFE competency model, focusing on the following key drivers of success:

Lead Like an Owner
Provides strategic input and oversight to departmental projects
Skilled in reducing costs and managing timelines while prioritizing long run impact
Leads/facilitates discussions to get positive outcomes for the customer
Makes strategic and sustainable data driven decisions which prioritize the needs of the customer over departmental/individual goals
InnovACT
Continuously evaluates existing programs and processes, and develops new initiatives to increase efficiency and reduce waste
Creates, monitors, and responds to departmental performance metrics to drive continuous improvement
Communicates a clear vision, organizes resources effectively, and adjusts the strategy as needed when managing change
Find a Way
Demonstrates ability to think analytically and synthesize complex information
Effectively delegates technical tasks to subordinates
Works effectively with depts, vendors, and customers to achieve organizational success
Identifies opportunities for collaboration in strategic ways
Empowered to be Great
Engages in long term talent planning
Provides opportunities for the development of all direct reports
Understands, identifies, and addresses conflict within own team and between teams

Education

Minimum Required:
Bachelor's Degree in Supply Chain/Information Technology/Business Analytics/Systems Engineering/Data Science or other related field
Preferred:
Master's Degree in Supply Chain/Information Technology/Business Analytics/Systems Engineering/Data Science or other related field

Certification/License:

Required: N/A
Preferred: APICS CPIM/CSCP, PMP PMI

Foreign Language

Required: None Required
Preferred: None Required

Any employment agency, person or entity that submits a résumé into this career site or to a hiring manager does so with the understanding that the applicant's résumé will become the property of Niagara Bottling, LLC. Niagara Bottling, LLC will have the right to hire that applicant at its discretion without any fee owed to the submitting employment agency, person or entity.

Employment agencies that have fee agreements with Niagara Bottling, LLC and have been engaged on a search shall submit résumé to the designated Niagara Bottling, LLC recruiter or, upon authorization, submit résumé into this career site to be eligible for placement fees.",3.6,"Niagara Bottling
3.6","Diamond Bar, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1963,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
86,Machine Learning Engineer,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description
This role will be part of our Applied Data Team and will be responsible for providing Machine Learning Engineering support.
Tasks & responsibilities required of this role include but are not limited to:
Construct machine learning models including data collection, normalization, and standardization, data pipeline construction, model selection and hyperparameter tuning, working ml systems that can add new data into ml model.
Create apps to present ml models and host them in the cloud or locally.
Create pipelines to query and retrieve and update data for existing applications to keep them updated
Supervise the scaling and management of the machine learning modeling ecosystem
Find orthogonal data sets to supplement models and increase alpha
Stay abreast of new technology and machine learning methodologies and implement them into the model building architecture
Work alongside (re)insurance domain experts to improve predictive aspects of their lines of business
Requirements:
3+ years of demonstrative excellence in building, scaling, and productizing machine learning models
Experience working with sparse, high dimensional, and time series data
Python ml stack
Experience dealing with imbalanced classes
Deep Learning Architectures
ML Optimization Techniques
Cloud Services: Azure, AWS, Google Cloud
Distributed systems: Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark
Databricks
Ensemble Stacking and Meta Learners
Classification and Regression Metrics
Regularization Methods
Version Control
Quant trading experience welcome but not required
Kaggle ranking of expert or higher a plus",3.5,"TransRe
3.5","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
87,Senior Data Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
88,SQL Data Analyst,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description
Company: Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization
Job Title: SQL Data Analyst
Department: Information Technology
Reports To: CIO
FLSA Status: Exempt
Prepared Date: 1/2/2020
DISCLAIMER:
Job descriptions are not meant to be all-inclusive and/or the job itself is subject to change. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform ETL duties to move data from raw format for use by multiple departments
Apply knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Respond to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Assist other analysts to perform financial analysis of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Work with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identify, develop and implement methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Perform checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintain and apply knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educate and assist in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Collects, compiles and analyzes data to measure and report on provider and program performance.
Must abide to all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD9/ICD10/ICD11 classifications, CPT codes)
of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Minimum level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment: Advanced.
Strong skills in SQL, Microsoft Excel, or other comparable software tools.
Programming languages preferred, notably C#
Experience with ETL process management and data engineering
Strong internet research capabilities.
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus.
High attention to detail
SQL Server / SSRS / Other Analytics Software
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions.
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time.
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience:
Required: Bachelor's degree in statistics, engineering, computer science and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area
Language Skills:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills:
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools. Programming skills preferred in C# or other related languages.
Other Skills and Abilities:
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a MUST. Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands:
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.",3.8,"Palm Beach ACO, LLC
3.8","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
89,Data Scientist II,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Scientist II to join our team based in Vienna, VA.

Responsibilities:
Must be able to design, modify, develop, write and implement software programming applications.
Must be able to support and/or install software applications/operating systems.
Must be able to participate in the testing process through test reviews and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.
Must be able to design, plan, and coordinate work teams.
Must be able to provides technical support to project team members.
Must be familiar with a variety of the field concepts, practices, and procedures.
Must be able to rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Must be able to perform a variety of tasks.
Must be able to lead and direct the work of others.
Must exhibit a wide degree of creativity and latitude.
Must typically be able to report to a head of a unit/department
Requirements:
Required a bachelor's degree in science or a related area.
Required 6-8 years of experience in the field.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go to https://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
90,Machine Learning Engineer,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Video & Image Understanding Group develops and applies cutting-edge computer vision and deep learning techniques to solve problems in object detection, recognition, localization & tracking; biometrics; 3D scene reconstruction; threat detection; vision-aided navigation; and situational awareness. Our projects integrate algorithmic research, software engineering, and application system development to produce innovative capabilities that address challenging national security problems. We actively collaborate with research engineers across STR, as well as with academic researchers and industry partners to develop practical and powerful computer vision solutions.

The Role:
Develop, implement and evaluate machine learning algorithms to detect, segment, classify and track objects in diverse imaging modalities.
Apply machine learning techniques to integrate information from multiple looks and multiple modalities to improve scene understanding capabilities.
Develop and apply transfer learning and domain adaptation techniques to solve scene understanding problems where limited measured training data is available.
Perform data analysis on experimental data and identify performance improvement strategies.
Transition machine learning algorithms to prototype and/or real-time systems demonstrations.
Who You Are:
BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related technical discipline
Strong scientific software development skills
Independent analytical problem-solving skills
Experience in machine learning techniques, particularly deep learning
Motivated collaborator and excellent communicator to both technical and non-technical audiences
Some Other Relevant Skills You May Have:
Experience with Python and C/C++
Experience in developing and applying machine learning techniques to solving computer vision problems",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
91,Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"Maxar is looking for a Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist to join our team. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to the prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Geospatial Programmers with analytic teams to create custom-tailored web apps.

Life with Us
Project: Were improving upon models that use Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) to search for and identify objects. You would be the leader in this effort to design a scalable cloud-based solution and turn it into a real-world solution.
Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor, and/or a mentor, to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be developing and enhancing a geospatial app and the supporting infrastructure. This app is used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:

Building and training Deep Learning models to accurately identify specified objects.

Accessing large and various data sets

Working with multiple mission partners to identify and evaluate data sources.

We work in a very Lean-Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum and eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it! We work together with our govt. stakeholders in their spaces in a very free-flowing and technology-forward environment.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph

Bachelor's degree in mathematics, computer science or related field, or additional 4 years of professional work experience in lieu of degree

2+ years of relevant experience.

Recent experience with some of the following technologies:

Programming and Data Science Tools: Python, Anaconda Environments, and basic experience or knowledge of Pytorch, Tensorflow, or similar ML packages.

Limited experience in training ML models, classification, or object detection.

Understanding of methods for labeling training data for Machine Learning models.

Experience with Linux Terminal commands and usage.

Basic knowledge of Cloud Computing.

Preferred Skills:
Willingness to learn new tasks and tools.

Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) Pipeline techniques and tools.

Experience performing AI/ML projects in a cloud environment.

Strong interpersonal skills.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
92,Technical Data Engineer: Electrical,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"PROGRAM*: Korea Country Standard Technical Order Sustainment
In this role, your primary functions would include the following:
The Technical Data Engineer II is responsible for the overall execution and day to day operation of all areas of the Korean F-15 Electrical System Country Standard Technical Orders (CSTOs)
Ensures production/development and timely/quality delivery of F-15 Electrical CSTOs
Interpret engineering data, engineering change proposals and other changes, directives and incorporate them into F-15 Electrical system CSTOs
Utilize Adobe FrameMaker, Photoshop and Distiller software to update existing and develop new CSTOs and illustrations
Develop maintenance data on new systems incorporated into the aircraft and support technical data
Interface with USAF, Customer and other contractor personnel
Help other team members during periods of peak production requirements
Continue building the technical strength of the group to support future program needs
REQUIREMENTS: *
US Citizenship
Valid DOD Secret Clearance
Possess the advanced F-15 knowledge, experience and recognized ability to be considered an expert in technical field
Possess the ability to perform tasks and oversee the efforts of junior and mid-level personnel within the technical field
Travel in support of technical data conferences, meetings, reviews, validations, verifications, and other technical data related activities when requested. Such travel may be both CONUS and OCONUS.
Familiar with U.S. Air Force (USAF) field and depot level maintenance activities, USAF technical data, material qualification and acquisition systems, and USAF maintenance policies & programs
EDUCATION/OTHER: *
Associate’s Degree or equivalent experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs technical data update experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs F-15 related experience *_or 10_* years of directly related experience with proper certifications
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
technical data: 5 years (Preferred)
F-15 related: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location",-1,Ascension Global Solutions,"Warner Robins, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
93,Technical Data Engineer: Electrical,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"PROGRAM*: Korea Country Standard Technical Order Sustainment
In this role, your primary functions would include the following:
The Technical Data Engineer II is responsible for the overall execution and day to day operation of all areas of the Korean F-15 Electrical System Country Standard Technical Orders (CSTOs)
Ensures production/development and timely/quality delivery of F-15 Electrical CSTOs
Interpret engineering data, engineering change proposals and other changes, directives and incorporate them into F-15 Electrical system CSTOs
Utilize Adobe FrameMaker, Photoshop and Distiller software to update existing and develop new CSTOs and illustrations
Develop maintenance data on new systems incorporated into the aircraft and support technical data
Interface with USAF, Customer and other contractor personnel
Help other team members during periods of peak production requirements
Continue building the technical strength of the group to support future program needs
REQUIREMENTS: *
US Citizenship
Valid DOD Secret Clearance
Possess the advanced F-15 knowledge, experience and recognized ability to be considered an expert in technical field
Possess the ability to perform tasks and oversee the efforts of junior and mid-level personnel within the technical field
Travel in support of technical data conferences, meetings, reviews, validations, verifications, and other technical data related activities when requested. Such travel may be both CONUS and OCONUS.
Familiar with U.S. Air Force (USAF) field and depot level maintenance activities, USAF technical data, material qualification and acquisition systems, and USAF maintenance policies & programs
EDUCATION/OTHER: *
Associate’s Degree or equivalent experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs technical data update experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs F-15 related experience *_or 10_* years of directly related experience with proper certifications
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
technical data: 5 years (Preferred)
F-15 related: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location",-1,Ascension Global Solutions,"Warner Robins, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
94,Technical Data Engineer: Electrical,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"PROGRAM*: Korea Country Standard Technical Order Sustainment
In this role, your primary functions would include the following:
The Technical Data Engineer II is responsible for the overall execution and day to day operation of all areas of the Korean F-15 Electrical System Country Standard Technical Orders (CSTOs)
Ensures production/development and timely/quality delivery of F-15 Electrical CSTOs
Interpret engineering data, engineering change proposals and other changes, directives and incorporate them into F-15 Electrical system CSTOs
Utilize Adobe FrameMaker, Photoshop and Distiller software to update existing and develop new CSTOs and illustrations
Develop maintenance data on new systems incorporated into the aircraft and support technical data
Interface with USAF, Customer and other contractor personnel
Help other team members during periods of peak production requirements
Continue building the technical strength of the group to support future program needs
REQUIREMENTS: *
US Citizenship
Valid DOD Secret Clearance
Possess the advanced F-15 knowledge, experience and recognized ability to be considered an expert in technical field
Possess the ability to perform tasks and oversee the efforts of junior and mid-level personnel within the technical field
Travel in support of technical data conferences, meetings, reviews, validations, verifications, and other technical data related activities when requested. Such travel may be both CONUS and OCONUS.
Familiar with U.S. Air Force (USAF) field and depot level maintenance activities, USAF technical data, material qualification and acquisition systems, and USAF maintenance policies & programs
EDUCATION/OTHER: *
Associate’s Degree or equivalent experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs technical data update experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs F-15 related experience *_or 10_* years of directly related experience with proper certifications
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
technical data: 5 years (Preferred)
F-15 related: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location",-1,Ascension Global Solutions,"Warner Robins, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
95,Technical Data Engineer: Electrical,$78k-$133k (Glassdoor Est.),"PROGRAM*: Korea Country Standard Technical Order Sustainment
In this role, your primary functions would include the following:
The Technical Data Engineer II is responsible for the overall execution and day to day operation of all areas of the Korean F-15 Electrical System Country Standard Technical Orders (CSTOs)
Ensures production/development and timely/quality delivery of F-15 Electrical CSTOs
Interpret engineering data, engineering change proposals and other changes, directives and incorporate them into F-15 Electrical system CSTOs
Utilize Adobe FrameMaker, Photoshop and Distiller software to update existing and develop new CSTOs and illustrations
Develop maintenance data on new systems incorporated into the aircraft and support technical data
Interface with USAF, Customer and other contractor personnel
Help other team members during periods of peak production requirements
Continue building the technical strength of the group to support future program needs
REQUIREMENTS: *
US Citizenship
Valid DOD Secret Clearance
Possess the advanced F-15 knowledge, experience and recognized ability to be considered an expert in technical field
Possess the ability to perform tasks and oversee the efforts of junior and mid-level personnel within the technical field
Travel in support of technical data conferences, meetings, reviews, validations, verifications, and other technical data related activities when requested. Such travel may be both CONUS and OCONUS.
Familiar with U.S. Air Force (USAF) field and depot level maintenance activities, USAF technical data, material qualification and acquisition systems, and USAF maintenance policies & programs
EDUCATION/OTHER: *
Associate’s Degree or equivalent experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs technical data update experience in a related field
Min 5 yrs F-15 related experience *_or 10_* years of directly related experience with proper certifications
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
technical data: 5 years (Preferred)
F-15 related: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location",-1,Ascension Global Solutions,"Warner Robins, GA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
96,Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our team Our team is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Maxar is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to join our team in Northern VA. The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Life with Us

Your Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer
everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its
disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set
appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be supporting an R&D, rapid prototyping office whose mission is to apply new and cutting-edge tools and methods to intelligence problems. This office loves innovators, self-starters, and people passionate about our nations security.

These AI/ML applications and experiments are used to:
Extract meaningful insight.

Narrow search areas.

Tip/cue.

Find rare objects.

Predict vulnerabilities.

Encouraging further analytic exploration.

Reducing the friction of flawed workflows.

Youll collaborate with our geographically dispersed team primarily via Zoom & Slack.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.

Bachelors degree in a relevant field (physics, mathematics, computer science, operations research, etc.).

5 years of relevant experience with Data Science and Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

Experience with Data Science Tools (eg R, Python, SAS, Matlab, TensorFlow).

Experience with applying Data Science techniques to overhead imagery - ie; computer vision, object detection.

Preferred Education and Experience:
Experience with NoSQL databases.

Ability to provide subject matter guidance.

Ability to manage personal project priorities and deliverables.

Ability to provide controls for technical rigor and quality of output.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
97,Data Scientist BSLEF8,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
98,Aviation AI/ML Data Scientist,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety data
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions
Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
Preferred Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
99,Big Data Engineer,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Big Data Engineer is responsible for engaging in the design, development and maintenance of the big data platform and solutions at Quicken Loans. This includes the platform host data sets that support various business operations and enable data-driven decisions as well as the analytical solutions that provide visibility and decision support using big data technologies. The Big Data Engineer is responsible for administering a Hadoop cluster, developing data integration solutions, resolving technical issues, and working with Data Scientists, Business Analysts, System Administrators and Data Architects to ensure the platform meets business demands. This team member also ensures that solutions are scalable, include necessary monitoring, and adhere to best practices and guidelines. The Big Data Engineer helps mentor new team members and continues to grow their knowledge of new technologies.

Responsibilities
Develop ELT processes from various data repositories and APIs across the enterprise, ensuring data quality and process efficiency
Develop data processing scripts using Spark
Develop relational and NoSQL data models to help conform data to meet users needs using Hive and HBase
Integrate platform into the existing enterprise data warehouse and various operational systems
Develop administration processes to monitor cluster performance, resource usage, backup and mirroring to ensure a highly available platform
Address performance and scalability issues in a large-scale data lake environment
Provide big data platform support and issue resolutions to Data Scientists and fellow engineers
Requirements
Master's degree in computer science, software engineering or a closely related field
2 years of experience with Hadoop distribution and ecosystem tools such as Hive, Spark, NiFi and Oozie
2 years of experience developing batch and streaming ETL processes
2 years of experience with relational and NoSQL databases, including modeling and writing complex queries
Proficiency in at least one programming language, such as Python or Java
Experience with Linux system administration, scripting and basic network skills
Excellent communication, analytical and problem-solving skills
Who We Are

Were Americas largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D. Power ranked Quicken Loans Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination for the past nine consecutive years, 2010 2018. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for five consecutive years, 2014 through 2018, each year the company was eligible. Theres a simple reason weve been so successful: We care about the people we work with.

If youre tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then youll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply wont find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named #1 in ESSENCE Magazines first ever list of Best Places to Work for African Americans in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's ""Best Places to Work in IT"" list for 13 years running, hitting #1 the last five years. We were also ranked #14 in FORTUNE Magazines list of ""100 Best Companies to Work For"" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years.",3.8,"Quicken Loans
3.8","Detroit, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
100,"Senior Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA or Remote US)",$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered price and promotions. Eversight's proprietary cloud-based SaaS solution brings AI and continuous experimentation to consumer brands and retailers. Our software acts as a coach, enabling market leaders to transform pricing and promotion strategy for the $3.4 trillion spent in consumer goods retail using intelligent, real-time data and insights.

Reporting directly to the Head of Data Science, you will be at the center of what determines Eversight's success as a company. You will analyze the data and develop production code using the newest Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to determine the optimal prices and promotions for major product manufacturers and retailers that sell these products.

Responsibilities
Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:
Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.
Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be important.
Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products
Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line
Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)
Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions
Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients
Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights
Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact
Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product
Behavioral Profile
Analytical, framework thinker
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Highly collaborative
Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences
Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in Data Science and/or Machine Learning with direct impact on business value
B.S., M.S., or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field
Strong understanding of Generalized Linear Models
Ability to write efficient code in Python
Experience with Hypothesis Testing and Maximum Likelihood Estimation
Preferred Qualifications
Team leadership experience strongly preferred
Startup experience strongly preferred
Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments
Agile experience
Experience with NumPy and Pandas (or equivalent experience in R)
Strong in math and statistics: Linear Algebra, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus
Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)
Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience


Location

Palo Alto, CA

About the Company

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered pricing and promotions. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing in response to market conditions and to deliver higher ROI on promotional spend. Eversight's Pricing Suite and Offer Innovation Suite solutions are driving strong margin and sales volume improvements for leading companies such as Coca-Cola, General Mills, Raley's, and Rite Aid. Founded in 2013, Eversight is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with offices in Chicago and New York.",4.2,"Eversight
4.2",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
101,"Sr.Manager, Digital Data Science Management",$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr.Manager, Digital Data Science Management
Location


Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey

Department (Org 2)


Analytics & Data Sciences- S20568

Job Requisition

24436

Apply Now


Company:
LG Electronics U.S. (LGEUS)

Job Function:
Marketing

At LG, innovation is the foundation of everything we do. We make products and services that make lives better, easier and happier through increased functionality and fun. Put simply, we make “Life Good” – from home appliances, consumer electronics, vehicle components and mobile communications to business innovations in digital signage, air conditioning, solar and LED lighting.

We are currently seeking our newest innovator to join our dynamic team as a Senior Manager, Digital Data Science Management (Head of Analytics) on the Digital Transformation (DXP) Team!

Job Summary

Responsibilities

The analytics and data Science team at LGE (dXp) is looking for a candidate to lead the Analytics practice. The head of Analytics will be responsible for setting up Key performance metrics, evaluating campaigns and generating insights related to consumer digital behavior. The position will evaluate CRM, Social, Site analytics and campaign performance under the analytics umbrella, using data from all Google marketing platforms (GA360, DV360, SA360, optimizer, CM). A key part of the Head of Analytics' responsibility will be determining data visualizations, reporting procedures and cadences utilizing dynamic and interactive dashboards. The Role will work closely with other DXP teams to define campaign goals and strategy, KPIs, and implementation and ad hoc reporting needs and cadence.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Economics, Statistics or related field

Minimum of 10 years of experience in Digital Analytics experience is required

Degree preferably in one of the following areas - statistics, data science, physics, computer science or social sciences heavy in quantitative methodologies like economics, psychology, political science, sociology (but not limiting)

Solid knowledge and experience with Google Analytics (preferred but not limiting) or Omniture

Some experience with other Google platforms desired – DV360, SA360, DCM

Understanding of MarTech ecosystem/A sound knowledge of the digital space, social media, emerging tech, voice, podcasts, and related technologies

Advanced excel skills and Data visualization in tableau or google data studio preferred.

Experience with marketing campaigns with measurable outcomes

Strong conceptual, communication (written, verbal, presentation) and collaboration skill

A willingness to invent and learn you and not afraid to put an idea into action, measure its success, and apply learnings to future decisions

Proactive, organized, efficient, detail-oriented, unassailable focus on the basics, accountable, enthusiastic, able to follow detailed instructions and make thoughtful recommendations

Ability to balance multiple, competing directions and manage multiple projects successfully

Natural ability to build interpersonal relationships and manage conflict

LG Electronics, USA Inc., LG Mobile Research USA LLC, LG Electronics, Alabama, inc., LGEVU and Zenith Electronics LLC provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law. Further, the Company takes affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and employees are treated during employment without regard to any of these characteristics

#LI-YS1",3.9,"LG Electronics U.S. (LGEUS)
3.9","Englewood Cliffs, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Electronics & Appliances Stores,Retail,$10+ billion (USD),-1
102,Big Data Engineer,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"NO AGENCIES*
Big Data Lead Developer*
Our growing organization is seeking a skilled professional to serve as an internal resource for our specialized focus in the field of Big Data/Hadoop Development. We provide Fortune 500 clients throughout the United States with IT consultants in a wide-ranging technical sphere.

In order to fully maintain our incoming nationwide and international hires, we will be hiring a *Big Data Lead Developer* for our Atlanta, GA (US) headquarters to coach/mentor our incoming classes of consultants. If you have a strong passion for the various Big Data platforms and are looking to join a seasoned team of IT professionals, this could be an advantageous next step.

This is a full-time internal position that *requires relocation* to Atlanta. No travel required after relocation. The Big Data/Hadoop SME will take on the following responsibilities:
Interviewing potential consultants to ensure all onboarding employees will be successful in Big Data domains prior to each onboarding
The design, development and maintenance of our best-in-class Big Data/Hadoop development training materials
Training, guiding and mentoring junior to mid-level developers
Preparing mock interview situations to enhance the esteemed learning process provided by the company
Acting as a primary resource for individuals working on a variety of projects throughout the US
Interacting with our Executive and Sales team to ensure that projects and employees are appropriately matched
Prepping consultants for interviews for specific assignments involving development and implementation of Hadoop and other environments
The ideal candidate will not only possess a solid knowledge of Big Data infrastructures, but must also have a fluency in the following areas (allowing for fluid interactions with other team members scattered across the entry to senior level spectrum):
Hadoop development and implementation
Strong in Object Oriented Development in Scala/Java platform
Hands on experience in big data technologies including Scala or Spark, Hadoop, Hive, HDFS.
Strong SQL skills and experience
Designing, building, installing, configuring and supporting Big Data Clusters Spark/Kafka
Translate complex functional and technical requirements into detail design Implementing ETL process for integration of data from disparate sources
Cloud Experience is a plus
Skills Include:
5+ Years of professional experience in the IT Industry
Bachelor’s Degree in the Computer Science field
Good knowledge in back-end programming, specifically Java/Scala
Good knowledge of database structures, theories, principles and practices
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Proven understanding with Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Hive, and HBase
Good aptitude in multi-threading and concurrency concepts
Able to work in Atlanta, Georgia
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Big Data: 7 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.8,"Enhance IT
3.8","Charlotte, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
103,"Data Scientist, Cloud Business Operations",$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"53303

About NetApp

NetApp provides software, systems, and services to manage, store and share data via on-premises, and private and public clouds to customers worldwide. NetApp is emerging as a leader in providing public cloud services on all major cloud platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft , and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). These cloud services, such as Cloud Volumes; Cloud Insights, Virtual Desktop Service, Global File Cache, SaaS backup, and Spot, avails customers to consider many more options on how and where to manage their critical workloads and data for optimal business and financial outcomes. The NetApp Public Cloud Services business unit is at the forefront of our effort to transform NetApp into a leader in the cloud market.
Job Summary
About the Position

This Cloud Business Operations Data Scientist will be the primary go to person for all of NetApp Public Cloud Services needs for analyzing tons of cloud services usage and billing data to derive intelligent business insights for enabling NetApp’s highest growth business. This person will be an expert in both understanding the data, as well as architecting and developing business logic and code to deliver automation in business intelligence. This is a highly technical role with deep understanding of Azure programming, R, SQL databases, visualization on Tableau, and scripting, along with years of experience in cloud services business operations. Knowledge of public cloud-based transactions on the top 3 cloud provider marketplaces (AWS, Azure and GCP) is a must, along with experience and understanding of integrations with internal systems for CRM, CPQ, Subscriptions Billing and Finance.

This role will coordinate with product management, IT and operations, and other NetApp functions including sales, marketing, and finance to understand, analyze and improve product pricing, SKU design, and transaction processing of our existing cloud offerings and upcoming innovations. This role will also act as the primary operations liaison between product management teams and business operations. The right person for this role has deep understanding of public cloud marketplace transaction processing, billing, metering, and revenue/usage reporting. This person also has extensive experience in dealing with cross-functional business requirements and engaging with key stakeholders at both the executive/VP level and with delivery teams.
Job Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Analyze usage and billing data from multiple sources to derive business intelligence
Develop business logic and write code to automate BI output
Design and develop visualization dashboards in Tableau
Understand public cloud marketplace transaction processes and provide guidance to business operations teams on implementation best practices
Leverage business insights to provide guidance to product management for pricing and transaction processing design
Skills and Qualifications
10+ years of experience working with various cloud providers, software vendors and/or consulting organizations
5+ years of experience in data analysis and business insights
5+ years of experience in Azure programming, R, SQL databases and Tableau
Understanding of enterprise cloud solutions and related technical offerings
Collaborative personality; comfortable working across many functions and teams, and engaging with senior executives
A creative go-getter who is full of ideas and can execute on those ideas in a fast-paced, demanding environment with excellent interpersonal and social skills
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.
Travel Required

20% (includes domestic and int.)
Education
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.

Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
Job Segment:
Operations Manager, Scientific, Database, Cloud, Operations, Engineering, Technology

Apply now »",3.8,"NetApp
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
104,Machine Learning Engineer,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"With the continued impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, Kensho is conducting all interviews and on-boarding activities remotely. At the present time, all employees are working remotely, until further notice. When the time comes to open our offices, Kensho will fully support those employees who would like to continue working remotely and not ask anyone to return to the office until they are comfortable.

At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the freedom, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products for our parent company, S&P Global. As a result, we produce technology that is scalable, robust, and solves the challenges of one of the world’s largest, most successful financial institutions.

As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for tackling a wide range of problems from natural language processing to timeseries prediction. You will move beyond the theoretical confines of academia and apply your tradecraft to build machine learning systems on real world data. In this role, you will constantly collaborate and work with groups of engineers. Our Machine Learning team is responsible for delivering ML-based solutions from problem framing, to prototyping, and production application.
Are you looking to make impactful, scalable contributions that transform the way we think about data? If so, we would love to help you excel here at Kensho. We take pride in our tightly-knit, team-based community that provides our Kenshins with a collaborative, supportive environment to bring transparency to the biggest challenges in data.
What You’ll Do
You will conduct original research on large proprietary and open source data sets
Identify, research, prototype, and build predictive products
You will build cutting-edge models for understanding vast amounts of textual data
Write production code
You will write tests to ensure the robustness and reliability of your productionized models
You will work closely with software engineers to build incredible systems
Technologies You’ll Use
Python and specifically NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, SciKit-learn
Neural network packages like TensorFlow/Keras and pytorch
ML packages like LightGBM and XGBoost
OpenFST
Elasticsearch
Required Skills, Knowledge & Experience
You have 3+ years of experience being a major machine learning contributor at a top company, hedge fund, or university
You have at least one core programming expertise, such as Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas), MATLAB, or R
You have experience with advanced machine learning methods
You possess strong statistical knowledge, intuition, and experience modeling real data
You demonstrate effective coding, documentation, and communication habits
You have a strong research acumen and experiment design skills
You have the ability and credibility to lead a team
You have a stellar ability to communicate even the most complicated methods and results to a broad, often non-technical audience
Several of the following terms should hold deep meaning for you: LSTM, lookahead bias, bagging, boosting, stacking, information retrieval, batch norm, entity recognition, bootstrapping, Glorot initialization, Kullback-Leibler divergence, GLOVE, SMAPE, HMM, MAP, exponential family, VC dimension, EM, L1, TD(Lambda)
How to Really Get Our Attention
Your GitHub/Kaggle profile shows a project or problems you’ve tackled
You have relevant research or publications
You are a specialist in deep learning in an academic setting or production-grade machine learning


At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:
- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
- 100% company paid premiums
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- 18 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)
- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching
- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities
- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences
- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches
- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)
- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) or Equinox membership (LA, NYC)
- Stipend towards commuter or gym reimbursement
- Bike sharing program memberships
- Compassion leave and elder care leave
- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities
- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events
About Kensho
Kensho uses machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and data visualization techniques to solve some of the hardest analytical problems and create breakthrough financial intelligence solutions for our parent company, S&P Global.
Kensho was founded in 2013 by Harvard & MIT alums and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"Kensho
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
105,Senior Data Analytics/Scientist,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Senior Data Analytics/Scientist to support the Chief Human Capital Office (CHCO) for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

Primary Responsibilities

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insights and trends in human capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance HCA across the IC. Centralize IC CHCO data collection and synthesis, including survey data, enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data-driven problem-solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operation questions; and incorporate insights and findings into a range of products.

Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write- ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur.

Adapt freeware solutions such as R, and modular solutions for maximum flexibility. Provide an advanced capability for data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to discover insights that help guide business decisions. Be forward leaning, exploring HCA solutions that benefit IC elements individually and collectively. Let the data tell the story including what is inconsistent or contradictory, and automate data cleansing as much as possible. Integrate data solutions and collection with IC Information Technology Enterprise to enhance connectivity with IC Elements.

Identify and customize, if necessary, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Information Technology (IT) tools for administration and data collection, or to leverage, support, and integrate the process with tools built for the IC and/or its component elements. Any tools developed shall be web-based and web-enabled, designed to maximize feedback effectiveness while protecting employee assessment information, and include both structured interview and web-based tools for gathering feedback.

Assist in the development and maintenance of financial procedural guidance, templates and data formats, for identifying IC-wide workforce numbers, to include government, military, and contractor support. Review, assess data, identify data deficiencies and recommend solutions for remediation. Support quantitative and analytic efforts for workforce planning, development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) planning displays, and analytic support for budget management and planning. Assist with ad hoc data requests from Congress, IC elements or as required by IC CHCO.

Coordinate and facilitate community of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by IC CHCO.

Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.

Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).

Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.

Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative- tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Preferred Experience:

C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.

Demonstrated expertise in supporting quantitative and analytical efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.

Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.

Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.

Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on-line and automated survey instruments.

Years of Experience: 7 years of relevant experience in a related field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, etc.).

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance/ SCI Eligibility with a CI Polygraph. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems, Inc.
4.5","Bethesda, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
106,Computer Scientist – Machine Learning,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking an early career Computer Scientist to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision and cognitive science to solve some of the world’s most challenging problems. Our Data Engineering and Biometrics team provide MITRE-unique solutions across multiple sponsors. We are a driving force investigating, developing and defining multiple research initiatives in collaboration with academia, industry and our sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Work in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Advance the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and produce quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Cybersecurity, or related field
At least 1 year of professional experience
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a Secret DoD clearance and DHS fitness
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Demonstrated proficiency using tools such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government Secret clearance are preferred
2+ years’ work experience should include: machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science
Documented success working in the fields of: cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
107,Senior Data Scientist 3 Artificial Intelligence,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311094

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1 year of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
108,Manager / Scientist,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: Provide support and manage all functions of flow cytometry scheduling, processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting for preclinical and/or clinical development within a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) environment.*
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Managerial*
Serves as a liaison between staff and test site management
Scheduling and delegating of day to day laboratory activity to provide smooth workflow during the day.
Maintain staff by helping to recruit, select and train new employees
Communication with employees on job expectations, daily activities, enforcing SOPs, policies, procedures and productivity standards
Scientific*
Be able to take on own projects for flow cytometry processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting
Scientific Review, QC and verification of flow cytometry data and/or maintenance records
Help maintain reagent inventory and placing orders for needed materials
Laboratory maintenance including preparation of various solutions, cleaning and re-stocking of laboratory
Archiving of study and/or maintenance records
Troubleshooting of data and various pieces of equipment
Communication with scientific colleagues via email, face-to-face or phone
Work in a team-oriented environment as well as independently
Familiarity with current scientific literature
Prepare data for poster or oral presentations
Attend scientific meetings when appropriate
Be able to follow signed protocols and standard operating procedures
Write standard operating procedures and study reports
Adhere to regulatory requirements
Qualifications and Requirements: *
PhD in a life science field with 5-10 years of hands on flow cytometry experience required and 5+ year managerial experience required
Familiar with BD FACSDiva, BD FACS Canto Flow Cytometer Instrumentation, FlowJo and Microsoft Office required.
Experience in a Good Laboratory Practice and/or Clinical Research environment beneficial but not required
Good oral communication skills, multi-taking and detail oriented
Team player attitude required
M-F normal business, flexibility to work after hours and weekends
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Flow Cytometry: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you currently performing flow cytometry testing in the laboratory? What type of instruments and software do you use?
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Flow Contract Site Laboratory, LLC","Bothell, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
109,Lead Data Engineer,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Lead Data Engineer

As a data engineer in Zipcar’s data engineering team, your mission is to build real-time and offline solutions to make data accessible and reliable while leveraging the largest-scale data processing technologies in the world -- and then apply them to the Zipcar's most critical and fundamental data problems.

What you will do:
Build and own mission critical data pipelines that power Zipcar’s business
Develop solutions in bleeding-edge data technologies on AWS eco-system
Partner with architects and data analysts to make the best technology decisions
Create and maintain data models, data catalogs, and data security
Mentor team members and assist them in developing, testing and deploying software
What you’ll love about being a Zipster in Engineering:
You’ll get to come to work every day knowing that you’re contributing to the success of the world’s leading car sharing network
You'll be joining a collaborative, diverse, passionate team of Zipsters
You’ll get to work in a flexible work environment that is innovative and resourceful
At Zipcar, we encourage new tools and ideas- your opinion always matters!
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer scienceor related field
5+years’ experiencewith data engineering or data warehousing, or an equivalent data-oriented software engineering background
5+ years’ experience with SQL, optimizing queries and tuning database performance
3+years’ experiencewith key AWS technologies (Redshift, S3, IAM;alsoKinesis, Lambda, EMR, Spark, Hive)
3+years’ experiencewith ETL technologies (e.g. Talend, Informatica,Matillion)
4+years’ experiencewith Java, Python,Scalaand other programming languages
Experience withdbtand Airflow a strong plus
Familiarity with data analysis and data science tools (Looker,Jupyter, R) is a plus
Who are we?

Glad you asked! Zipcar is the world’s leading car-sharing network, found in urban areas and university campuses in more than 500 cities and towns. Our team is smart, creative and fun, and we’re driven by a mission – to enable simple and responsible urban living.

Being a Zipcar member gives you easy access to a car nearby without all the cost and hassle of owning one. Founded in 2000, Zipcar disrupted – or innovated – the traditional model of car ownership and independent studies show that Zipcar’s model of car sharing is proven to reduce vehicle ownership, freeing up more city space for people. Zipcar provides members with socially responsible, sustainable mobility options that support the global environment, their communities and city livability.

Zipcar is a subsidiary of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: CAR), a leading global provider of mobility solutions. For more information, visit: www.zipcar.com.

The extra mile:

We encourage Zipsters to bring their whole selves to work - unique perspectives, personal experiences, backgrounds, and however they identify. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer – M/F/D/V.",3.1,"Zipcar
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Car Rental,Travel & Tourism,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
110,Senior Data Scientist 4 Artificial Intelligence,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311095

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
111,STAFF SCIENTIST,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position: Staff Scientist

Requisition Number: 2020-2410-09

S&ME is an employee-owned engineering firm that provides civil, geotechnical, environmental, planning, landscape architecture, survey and construction services. Consistently ranked in the top 100 of ENR's Top 500 Design Firms, our markets are diverse and include transportation, energy, water/wastewater, commercial development, industry, healthcare, education and government. We recruit top talent and are currently seeking a Staff Scientist to join our team in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

The individual will perform field and office work associated with environment evaluations. Field work will include: soil sampling, groundwater sampling, surface water sampling, sediment sampling, wetland delineations, stream classifications, and fauna/flora identification. Other responsibilities include completing data entry to capture field activities, and the preparation of standard environmental reports. This individual will be expected to maintain knowledge of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements by attending environmental or natural resources training courses, or other in-house trainings. This position will require some travel and overnight stays.

Qualifications:
BS in environmental science, geology, biology, chemistry or related field;
2-4 years field experience in related field;
Ability to work outdoors in varying weather conditions;
Ability and willingness to accommodate overnight and out-of-town assignments;
Good technical writing, verbal communication, and computer skills.
This is a full-time position with competitive pay based on experience. Successful candidate must meet requirements of the company's Fleet Management Program, Substance Policy and Reference Check program. Submit resume, cover letter, and salary expectations for consideration. Only qualified candidates with acceptable employment eligibility verification (I-9) will be considered. Visa assistance not provided. S&ME reserves the right to fill this position with an internal or external candidate at any time during the search. S&ME is not responsible for unauthorized job postings or submissions of resumes using external links/websites.

No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.7,"S&ME, Inc.
3.7","Chattanooga, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
112,Data Scientist Principal,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Schneider is seeking an innovative Principal Data Scientist to join our Engineering team. Our Principal Data Scientists, foster thought leadership in analytics and decision sciences to elevate the performance of the enterprise. You will proactively evaluate new technologies and identify industry best practices, while leveraging our existing processes and technical capabilities to deliver exceptional results.

Our Principal Data Scientists:
Foresee future challenges and provide perspective and insight on how to best position the department and enterprise for success.
Represent Schneider as a thought leader within the industry and academia through symposiums, annual meetings and partnerships.
Design, collaborate and implement solutions and new proof of concepts using new and existing technologies.
Mentor junior associates and collaborate with diverse departments to frame and solve business opportunities.
Oversee external relationships with software vendors to influence product functionality and our academic partners to influence curriculum design.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Ideal candidates will have:
Earned a PhD degree in Data or Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Economics, Mathematics, or related field, plus eight years of relevant work experience. Or a master’s degree plus ten years of relevant work experience.
Proficient understanding in designing and implementing data science models using open source as well as commercial programming languages.
A demonstrated ability to understand the uses and limitations of statistical and programming methodologies to select the appropriate methodology to complete projects.
Experience working with Java and/or Python.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.
Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com.

Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
113,Data Scientist,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

SAIC is seeking a Data Scientist to help advance the mission of NGA’s Office of Special Programs performing duties including algorithm and tool design, creation, and maintenance, technology transition, algorithm verification and validation, and software test.
Design, test, and modify data processing algorithms using real and/or surrogate data
Design, test, and modify geospatial big-data processing algorithms and enable implementation in either Python or Java suitable for a cloud-based architecture using Spark, Elastic Search and/or Hadoop
Engage with users to understand needs an analytic strength/weakness of developed algorithms
Perform data analysis to identify algorithms technical limitations or defects, document findings and suggest solutions
Process/manipulate geospatial data and provide recommendations to provide additional utility beyond manual exploitation
Interact professionally with senior-level executives and other personnel prioritizing and accomplishing assigned tasks in a fast-paced environment with deadlines
Qualifications
MA/MS programing, computer science disciplines plus work experience (8+ years)
Must currently possess an active Top Secret/SCI Clearance and IC Polygraph
Working knowledge of Oracle, Java, C++, Linux, HTML, Python and/or parallel processing algorithm
Experience in GEOINT, SOM (NGA), data science, imagery science, GIS domains
Familiarity with systems integration, software test and V&V activities",3.8,"SAIC
3.8","Springfield, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,2013,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
114,Software Engineer - Data Visualization,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels who are experienced with data visualization, interactive data-driven visualizations, and user interface design. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for the design and development of data visualization software, techniques, and algorithms.
The candidate should have experience creating and building custom, re-usable data visualizations based on statistical and mathematical modeling and data analysis to be used to solve a variety of problems related to data reporting. Seeking engineers with the ability to overcome information overload, are familiar with accessibility compliance, information design, and human factors and usability design.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop, and deploy analytic software solutions
Self-motivated with a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Designing, developing, and deploying data visualizations, interactive dashboards, and user interface solutions
Applying knowledge of technical computing platforms, tools, and techniques to analyze information and data requirements obtained from data scientists, analysts, and other business stakeholders
Planning and proposing solutions for the optimization of data integration strategies, intuitive designs, and enterprise interactive dashboards
Formulating simulation models of operational problems and proposed solutions related to integrating and analyzing using dynamic data visualizations that incorporate intuitive interfaces, infographics, interactive drill-downs, movements
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams on the use of data visualizations developed
Collecting feedback to make continuous improvements to new and existing data visualizations
Contributing to guidelines and design conventions and standards for modeling and data visualizations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design, development, and deployment of software systems
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Front-end application frameworks such as Vue, React, Angular
HTML/CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Zurb, Material
Experience developing client-side applications using JavaScript
JavaScript libraries such as Bootstrap, jQuery, Leaflet, D3.js
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Comfortable meeting with customers and peers to explore change requests, bugs and new ideas
Customer technical support experience
Documentation experience, to include up-front design documentation


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
115,Computer Scientist 1,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a broad software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Jr. Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software repository containing code in Python, MATLAB, C++ and Java. Candidate will also be responsible for maintaining this repository and its accessibility. Machine Learning, Cloud Technology, and a strong CS background is highly desired. Good communication skills with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Some experience in scientific programming
Experience programming in a high-level language such as C/C++ on Unix/Linux platforms
Experience programming in high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Familiarity with interfacing C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
116,Director of Data Science,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Analysis Group is one of the largest international economics consulting firms, with more than 1,000 professionals across 14 offices in North America, Europe, and Asia. Since 1981, we have provided expertise in economics, finance, health care analytics, and strategy to top law firms, Fortune Global 500 companies, and government agencies worldwide. Our internal experts, together with our network of affiliated experts from academia, industry, and government, offer our clients exceptional breadth and depth of expertise.

Analysis Group provides economic, financial, and strategy consulting to law firms, corporations, and government agencies. At Analysis Group, Data Science is a center of excellence within a company that already has decades of experience focused on analysis involving data. Within Data Science, the Director of Data Science is charged with collaborating with leading internal and external academic experts to find creative solutions to some of the most challenging and high-value problems we face.

The Director of Data Science contributes to both client engagements and to the design and development of internal data science tools and infrastructure. The client work is diverse, utilizing a wide variety of complex and novel data sources, and supporting cases across industries including: finance, healthcare, antitrust, intellectual property, energy, and technology. The tool and infrastructure work assists the firm in developing cutting-edge data science and high-performance computing techniques for common business challenges.

The Director of Data Science helps Analysis Group in maintaining our leadership position in terms of advancing methodology and data computations, and works to increase Data Science knowledge within the firm, both through mentorship to more junior Data Science team members and via interactions with Consulting teams. The Director also is involved in recruiting, assisting in building out the team over time.

Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities:
Work with project teams to creatively address data science/computing challenges
Take initiative to identify opportunities for technology to enhance service offerings
Act as a resource and participate in client engagements and research as part of the project team
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of data science and computing tools, providing technical training and helping to grow the in-house knowledge base
Present research at selected conferences; serving as an expert
Maintain individual contributions while providing mentorship to other data scientists and analysts conducting work such as:
Optimize procedures for managing and accessing large databases (e.g., insurance claims, electronic health records, financial transactions)
Create interactive analytics portals and data visualizations (e.g., using R/Shiny, Python/Flask, D3)
Build and maintaining high performance computing (HPC) tools on grid and cloud computing environments
Develop and reviewing open source macros and packages in R, Python and other Object Oriented Languages
Establish optimized procedures for repetitive or computationally intensive tasks (C, C++, Cuda-C)
Use natural language processing methodologies to work with EMR data, social media data and other unstructured data
Contribute to team growth/development via assistance with advisorship and recruiting
Contribute to firm’s strategy for data science tools and infrastructure
Qualifications
Track record of using data to solve real-world problems
Experience applying multiple software tools and languages to provide data-driven analytical solutions to decision makers or research teams
Strong credentials and experience in database management and data visualization
PhD or advanced degree in computer science or data science-related field, with relevant experience. Other candidates with at least three years of relevant experience in the field will also be considered
Background in Statistics/Econometrics or Biostatistics
Extensive experience in programming languages like Python, C++, Java
Knowledge of R, Shiny and SQL
Familiar with online/cloud computing/storage (e.g., AWS)
Linux and basic system administration experience
Demonstrated experience working on project teams and collaborating with others
Strong communication skills
­
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here.
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.8,"Analysis Group
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Private Practice / Firm,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
117,Member Data Analyst,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Blue Federal Credit Union employees work hard, have fun, and win for our members and each other! Our Member Data Analyst performs quantitative and qualitative research using statistics to analyze programs, products and services offered, market potential, competitive intelligence and industry standards to recommend and guide market efforts. Recommends marketing activity based on research and technical analysis. Independently drives data analysis and develops insights for use by management.
Directs central market research function, anticipates and evaluates useful market information, establishes standards for research methodology, and identifies opportunities to expand the scope of business.
Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends and patterns in complex data sets to develop recommendations to be used in promoting the organization and improving positioning, image and support within the target market.
Maintain appropriate databases and data systems for the department. Implements data collection systems and updates. Acquires and abstracts primary and secondary data from existing internal or external data sources.
Develops graphs, reports and presentations. Performs statistical analysis upon request. Creates and presents quality dashboards. 3-4 bullets on education and experience
Assists in development and production of direct marketing initiatives through analysis of target market universe, list development, design and production.
Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control.
Experience: Three years to five years of similar or related experience, including preparatory experience.

Education/Certifications/Licenses: A college degree.

Interpersonal Skills: A significant level of trust, credibility and diplomacy is required. In-depth dialogues, conversations and explanations with customers, direct and indirect reports and outside vendors can be of a sensitive and/or highly confidential nature. Communications may involve motivating, influencing, educating and/or advising others on matters of significance.

Other Skills: Strong analytical spreadsheet and communication skills, demonstrated ability to handle multiple project simultaneously, new product development, packaging design, competitive analysis, consumer promotion, advertising media and copy, scan data analysis. Familiarity with MCIF systems, CD-ROM directories and market data on disc, survey research and statistical analysis software, mapping software, market research directories and online data services.",4.1,"Blue Federal Credit Union
4.1","Cheyenne, WY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
118,"Data Scientist, Product Development",$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Spokeo is a people search engine that both enlightens and empowers our customers. With over 12 billion records and 18 million visitors per month, we reconnect friends, reunite families, prevent fraud, and more.

We are looking for a Data Scientist, Product Development to join us in Pasadena, CA, and help us turn our vast repository of data into usable information leveraging solutions that include matching techniques, machine learning, and graph theory to resolve entities across disparate data sets. Ultimately, these entity relationships will be used to build models that will be incorporated into the Spokeo product suite. This is part of Spokeo's Data Operations Team and is not an analytics-based role.

Responsibilities:
Profiling, processing, and evaluating large structured and unstructured data sets.
Developing data-driven models.
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods.
Collaborating with product and engineering to understand the needs of the company and assisting with the development of innovative solutions to meet those needs.
Productionalizing and maintaining algorithms primarily focused on entity resolution, linking, and scoring.
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and quality assurance metrics to constantly track performance.
Keeping up to date with the latest technology trends.
Performing Ad-hoc analysis and presenting results.
Requirements:
Degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, or other quantitative fields.
Minimum of 3 years of working experience in analytics, data mining, data visualization, and/or predictive modeling.
Proficiency in working with statistical tools (such as R, SAS), database query languages (SQL), and scripting languages (Python required).
Experience with Hadoop and NoSQL related technologies such as MapReduce, Spark, Hive, ElasticSearch, and DynamoDB.
Comfortable training and communicating complex ideas to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated ability to lead and execute projects from start to finish.
Privacy Notice for Candidates: https://www.spokeo.com/recruiting-policy

Spokeo is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Spokeo fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best products and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.

Recruiters or staffing agencies: Spokeo is not obligated to compensate any external recruiter or search firm who presents a candidate or their resume or profile to a Spokeo employee without 1) a current, fully-executed agreement on file and 2) being assigned to the open position (as a search) via our applicant tracking solution.

]]>",3.6,"Spokeo
3.6","Pasadena, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
119,Electromagnetics Scientist,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Returning Candidate? Log back in to the Career Portal and click on 'Job Browsing/History' and find the job you're looking for.

2020-021-EGR: Electromagnetics Scientist

Directorate Engineering & Support Solutions
Location Wright-Patterson AFB, OH
Riverside Research has an immediate opening in the Beavercreek, Ohio area for an Electromagnetics Scientist. The candidate will perform modeling analysis of EM interactions with various materials in defined configurations.

All Riverside Research opportunities require U.S. citizenship.

IND2

Job Responsibilities:
• Provide analysis of Effects for models
• Provide support for field testing materials and sensors under high power RF and laser illumination
• Perform and coordinate analysis with project sponsor
• Perform modeling and simulation for RF/EM characterization and design
Job requires 40 - 80 days of travel to include weekends and international travel
• Other duties as assigned

Qualifications:
• Masters degree in related science or engineering field or equivalent experience. PHD preferred.
• Must currently have a Secret level security clearance. Preference will be given to those holding an active TS with SCI eligibility
• 5 years of experience with High Power Microwave (HPM)/Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) measurements and related data interpretation
• Experience in EM/RF modeling and simulation
• Experience in signal analysis and composites; hands on work with aircraft and/or missile components
• Experience with MATLAB, Microwave Studio, and/or Python. Security + certification desired
• Ability to work as both an individual as well as a member of a team
• Exceptional communication skills, both oral and written
• Other duties as assigned

Resumes must demonstrate specialized experience that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled and also demonstrate particular knowledge, skills, and abilities, to successfully perform the duties of the position.

Desired Qualifications:
• Preference will be given to those holding an active TS with SCI eligibility
• Security + certification desired

Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.

Apply Now",3.4,"Riverside Research Institute
3.4","Wright Patterson AFB, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
120,Data Scientist,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Capsule


The Data Scientist analyzes complex and unstructured data using state-of-the-art data science methods for data driven decision making. This role uses knowledge of data science methods and applies analytics to solve real world problems. The Data Scientist will work with customers to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop applications and collaborate actively across the organization and with senior management to accomplish various objectives.

Job Duties/Roles
Apply advanced data science concepts to deliver data driven digital offerings and insights
Be able to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality assessment and improvement
Experience with Data Visualization tools such as Power BI or Tableau or Spotfire
Use machine learning and artificial intelligence methods, classification, regression algorithms
Comfortable working independently on data engineering, pre-processing and data preparation tasks to prepare data for further analysis
Generate Intellectual Property for the company
Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR)
Python - Numpy, Pandas, lamdas, keras, Tensorflow, MS Cognitive AI, Matlab, R, SQL
OOP(Object Oriented Programming)
ANN, RNN, Classification, Clustering, CNN, Regression tools
Exposure to building RestFul APis for data science modelling is a plus
Practical experience using predictive analytics, multiple approaches, to ID abnormalities and failures using time series and unstructured data sources.
Knowledge of data architectures and systems is a plus
Minimum years of Experience


Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in data / analytics.

Country Requirements


Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident (US Person) and able to work on Government Data with ITAR classification

Required/Preferred Education Requirements


BS degree required in Data Science or Computer Science or Engineering or another relevant field",3.5,"American Bureau of Shipping
3.5","Houston, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1862,Other Organization,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
121,Software Engineer - Data Science,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels with Data Science experience. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for assisting in solving real world problems using data science techniques. The candidate should be experienced with exploratory data analysis, machine learning, network graph modeling, information insight, data mining, data driven analytics and statistical methods.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop and deploy software solutions
Self-motivated and have a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Working directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems
Creating and deploying predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods
Performing enterprise level software development, integration, and implementation using advanced data science or big data technologies
Establishing and implementing end-to-end proof of concepts
Performing data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling and simulation, and forecasting for the development of solutions
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams using documentation, presentations, and demonstrations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design and development of data science software applications
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Experience with Exploratory Data Analysis including wrangling, grooming, transformation, and analysis
Experience applying statistical methods to solve data problems
Software development programming experience in languages such as Python, R, Java, Scala
Experience using IDE tools such as Jupyter to develop and demonstrate results
Experience with integrating and using Data Science libraries such as scikit-learn, MlLib, Pandas, python (Jupyter, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.), R, Java
Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Experience with Agile development and Agile tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence)
Experience within the SIGINT mission environment and an understanding of customer data formats
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Experience using large-scale distributed frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Tensorflow
Experience with GPU-based machine learning techniques


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
122,Senior Data Scientist,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.",3.9,"GutCheck
3.9","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
123,Sr. Data Engineer,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out our existing teams. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Knowledge of open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, SparkML, or H2O.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Strong understanding of database internals, such as indexes, binary logging, and transactions.
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Practical experience authoring and consuming web services.
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
124,Business Intelligence Analyst - Glens Falls Hospital,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you will drive the efficient operations within a line of business by analyzing business processes and data to provide business insight. You will be responsible for articulating key process flows and stakeholders, describe and manipulate data sets, sources, and structures as well as gather requirements and manage multiple inputs and priorities. As a member of this team you will develop reporting to make data more meaningful to business initiatives, analyze data quantitatively and qualitatively and communicate findings, this will also include identifying root cause of problems with reports or data sets within the domain. Finally, your responsibilities will include collaborating on data quality conditions and monitoring with domain business subject matter experts.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of business analytics work experience
Preferred Qualifications
At least 1 year experience with Excel, SQL, Tableau, PowerBI, Business Objects, and/or CCL
At least 1 year experience with healthcare quality measures
At least 1 year experience with Cerner Millennium and/or HealtheIntent applications
At least 1 year experience in a healthcare consulting role
Expectations
Must live in or be willing to relocate to the Glens Falls, NY area",4.0,"Cerner
4.0","Glens Falls, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
125,Senior Data Scientist (Remote Option),$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Senior Data Scientist work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

Responsibilities

This is a unique opportunity for a motivated individual to influence Humana’s vision to provide coordinated, integrated care via home care solutions and ECOM (Enterprise Clinical Operating Model). The Senior Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

Responsibilities

Recommend, design, and develop actionable analytic solutions for key business problems through in-depth investigations of healthcare utilization trends and outcomes
Use advanced analytic techniques like machine learning, predictive modeling to develop sophisticated models to solve the business problem
Use industry leading database systems, clinical decision engines and algorithms to extract meaningful insights from structured and unstructured data by leveraging NLP/ML
Ensure the developed models or statistical tests are reusable and modular for effective transition to cloud in the future
Work directly with aligned business partners and assist in requirements definition, project scoping, timeline management, and results documentation to ensure professional relationship management
Build ‘smart’ systems that learn from health intervention outcomes, clinical programs over time
Collaborate with multiple cross-functional teams to understand the business needs, identify any operational barriers and issues, and facilitate their resolution

In the first year this role will focus on the following

Develop effective partnerships with internal business partners and coworkers
Work in an agile way to produce, interpret and recommend real time optimization opportunities for the business to implement using advanced analytics techniques
Enhance the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, multitask and quickly pivot based on business needs
Develop subject matter expertise in the business needs and serve as a consulting resource for the clinical analytic needs of the stakeholders
Implement real time business feedback of analytics based on the direct needs of internal customers

Required Qualifications

Master’s Degree + 3 years’ experience OR Bachelor’s Degree + 5 years’ experience.
Data Analytics, Computer Science or related quantitative program
Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions
Experience in working with assignments that involve moderately complex to complex issues using statistical modeling, time-series analysis, and advanced analytics to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions
Experience in working with both structured and unstructured data to create reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics
Ability to make decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components
Demonstrated problem solving, strategic and analytic thinking capabilities
Experience in working with cross-functional teams, organizing and managing multiple priorities and/or projects
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences

Preferred Qualifications

Master's Degree or PhD
Knowledge of healthcare claims, clinical programs and interventions, health outcomes, population health

Additional Information

This position can be located in Boston, Louisville or Work from home (remote)

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40",3.8,"Humana
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1961,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
126,Medical Lab Scientist Virtual Hiring Event,$75k-$131k (Glassdoor Est.),"DHR Health Hiring Event! Offers on the Spot!

Event Details
Date: Friday, October 2, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Certified Nursing Assistant

Registered Nurse - Critical Care Areas

Registered Nurse - Non-Critical Care Areas

Medical Lab Scientist

Respiratory Therapist

Radiology Technologist

Intake Details:

Requirements

Hospital/Healthcare experience preferred

Relevant License/Certification dependent on position

Technical requirements

After RSVPing, you will be sent and email with connection instructions. Please be prepared to join the virtual meeting in a quiet place from a desktop/mobile device with a speaker, microphone, and web camera. Check that your network connection is stable to help avoid time delays in your interview.

What to bring to this event

An electronic copy of your resume

Any required certifications/licenses

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Business casual (dress pants/skirt, button down/blouse, optional tie).

About DHR Health

Our MISSION is to improve the well-being of those we serve with a commitment to excellence: every patient, every encounter, every time.

Our VISION is to create a world class health system to advance medicine and increase access for the communities we serve by empowering caregivers to heal through compassion, knowledge, innovation, integrated care and excellence

DHR CARES
C- Compassion
A - Accountability
R - Responsibility
E - Excellence through Knowledge
S - Safety and Social Conscience

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

POSITION SUMMARY:

Provide services to meet the needs of patients as ordered by medical staff and performed in accordance with accepted standards and practices. This individual will perform technical functions and activities in the laboratory including, maintenance, quality control and training for highly sophisticated instrumentation and laboratory equipment use of chemicals and related supplies used in the testing process. Collects and collates data for Quality Assurance studies. Coordinates/leads work team. Sets up new equipment and/or writes procedures. Oversees work of, Lab Assistants and Phlebotomists.

POSITION EDUCATION/QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree in Clinical Laboratory Science or Applied Sciences (required)
Certification as a Medical Laboratory Scientist by the American Society of Clinical Pathologists (ASCP) or equivalent specialty certification (required)
No experience required

JOB KNOWLEDGE/EXPERIENCE­:

Proficient knowledge of clinical laboratory process, testing and analytical procedures and techniques, and various specialized laboratory equipment of the assigned laboratory unit.
Excellent customer service",3.2,"DHR Health
3.2","Edinburg, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1997,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
127,Aviation Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
128,Junior Data Scientist Data Science Development Program,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description
Junior Data Scientist | Data Science Development Program
Amherst, MA

Deadline to apply: October 15, 2020
Start date: Mid-June, 2021

To finalize application, you must also submit a portfolio of project work. See below for more information.

What Great Looks Like In This Role

Our ideal teammate is someone who is a continuous learner who can adapt and thrive in complex, uncertain and changing situations. Someone who enjoys tackling complex tasks in a collaborative environment is well-suited to a position on our team. Self-motivated individuals comfortable working in a challenging, fast paced, technical environment are highly encouraged to apply!

You Are Able To Demonstrate This Through

A track record of thinking outside the box, taking initiative, and promoting innovation and change-making Ownership, commitment and follow-through in achieving results in school or work projects
Managing priorities effectively and adapting quickly to achieve goals
Pursuing opportunities for continuous learning to develop new skills and perspectives

About the Data Science Development Program

The Data Science Development Program (DSDP) trains junior team members to become well-rounded data scientists within three years. The development program includes high impact project work, mentorship from senior data scientists, in-house training and workshops, and sponsorship for graduate level coursework at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.

Data Science Development Program Highlights:
High-impact project work: Junior data scientists work together with MassMutuals data scientists to solve challenging problems in finance,

operations, marketing, digital initiatives, security, and product development.

Interdisciplinary learning: In the DSDP, junior data scientists are exposed to multiple fields within and adjacent to data science such as data visualization, software engineering, and enterprise architecture.

Mentorship: Peer mentors and senior mentors across data science domains are paired with each member of the DSDP
Training & Development: In-house workshops, tech-talks, seminars, and team-wide learning challenges such as our annual Month of Code

are available to all development program members.

Academic coursework: Members of the DSDP engage in graduate-level courses at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in computer science and statistics according to an individually tailored development plan.

Volunteer & Community Opportunities: Team members have many opportunities to volunteer throughout the year. Junior data scientists volunteer at hackathons throughout the state, attend community data events, speak at external talks, and participate in community data for good efforts annually..

About Us

The MassMutual Data Labs in downtown Amherst consists of a dynamic team that is actively engaged in dozens of high-impact projects across the enterprise, frequently working remotely with teams based in Springfield, MA, New York, and Boston. Our environment and workspace reflects our dedication to innovation and learning, and has a collaborative, start-up vibe. We hold weekly training meetings to present technical ideas, new models, or interesting code libraries.

Junior Data Scientist Duties Include
Statistical analysis
Programming in R and Python
Data ingestion and data cleaning
Model building, testing, deployment, and maintenance Building visualizations
Presenting and explaining output
Executive presentations and discussions
Adherence to internal standards in data science Collaboration across functions and business units

Application Instructions
To finalize your application for consideration, all applicants must submit a portfolio. For instructions, visit https://datascience.massmutual.com

/dsdp/apply

We accept applications from early career professionals and graduating students from undergraduate and graduate programs.

Minimum qualifications

Bachelors degree

Academic study or independent training in computational, quantitative, or technical fields, such as computer science, math, physics, or statistics

Working knowledge of Python, R, and SQL
Quantitative and technical skills in math and computer science Community engagement, involvement, and volunteerism Demonstrated leadership and change-making
Strong communication skills

Applications are accepted on a rolling basis through 2020, with priority consideration for applications received by Friday, October 23rd

*Ability to work in U.S. without sponsorship now or in the future

Preferred qualifications

Enthusiastic about pursuing an interdisciplinary career in data science, analytics, and technology Research and/or practical experience in related fields
Demonstrated work experience through part time employment, internships, or professional endeavors

Committed to Diversity and Inclusion

Our employees are the embodiment of the idea that we all are stronger and better through our support for one another. By valuing people for who they are, how they think, and what they bring to the table, weve become a stronger, more innovative company. We continue to receive external recognition for our policies and programs that seek to create a diverse and inclusive environment.

Americas Best Employer for Diversity Forbes (2019)
Score of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index (2019)
National Association for Female Executives Top Company for Executive Women (2018) Disability Equality Index (DEI) Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion (2019) Diversity Best Practices Inclusion Index Company (2018)",3.8,"MassMutual
3.8","Amherst, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1851,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
129,Senior Data Scientist with Top Secret,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"What You'll Get to Do as a Data Scientist: *
Leads data science efforts, working closely with clients and data to understand mission and data.
Develops algorithms leveraging modern data science technologies including reinforcement learning systems, machine learning and more.
Provides clients with technical expertise for a project or program. Able to manage technology projects or lead technology solutioning.
Provides highly technical and specialized guidance and solutions to complex IT problems; performs elaborate analyses and studies.
Evaluates, recommends, and executes new technologies and updates existing infrastructure to ensure optimal performance and efficiency.
Develops IT strategies to ensure the systems meet existing and future requirements based on needs and regulations.
Works in a variety of environments and has excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills. Works effectively and independently.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Must have an active TS or TS/SCI
At least 5 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with multiple database types such as SQL, Redis and MongoDB
Experience building and integrating the at the application and database level
Experience developing REST/SOAP APIs and messaging protocols and formats
At least 2 years of theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization
Experience implementing event/data streaming services such as Kafka
Experience prototyping front-end visualizations utilizing data visualization suites such as Kibana or Splunk
At least 2 years of experience developing Reinforcement learning systems utilizing at least one of the following methodologies. Finite Markov Decision Processes, Support Vector Machines, Q-Learning, Stochastic Finite State Machines, MCTS or other hybrid Deep Reinforcement Learning processes
Experience in theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization.
Experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Experience:
SAS: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
R: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20016 (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
130,Data Engineer,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Engineer

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Engineer to help develop our new Google Cloud data platform and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As part of our Data Engineering team in our Data Science department, the Data Engineer will:
Build out our new GCP data platform and collaborate on architectural patterns for it with the Data Engineering team
Support the development of machine learning models with productionizing, monitoring and alerting tools
Write, update, and maintain ETL jobs across our data pipelines (mostly in Airflow)
Implement continuous improvements using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be expected to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Consult to software engineers on data-related changes to BDT’s suite of software applications, including schema/model design, table structure, and data collection
Engage with colleagues and collaborators using curiosity, critical thinking, a drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact
Follow existing data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Engineer reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience (typically 3-5 years as a Data Engineer):
Communication and Relationship-building – with technical peers and some stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Implementation, of data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline development to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – on-system service management, typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – proficient understanding of relational data structures and schemas; some familiarity with semi-structured, unstructured (big data) schemas
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – creating these tools based on existing designs and frameworks; resolving bugs and issues
Cloud engineering – working towards certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – understands standards for file formats and transfer methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
o Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and methods
o Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.3,"Benefits Data Trust
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
131,Data Scientist,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist

As Data Scientist at HP Inc. in San Diego, you will join an industry-leading organization and work on developing frameworks for systematic data science modeling to identify optimal marketing, pricing and sales decisions for our Printing & PC business. Working within a dynamic, highly skilled and diverse Pricing Strategy and Analytics team (economists, engineers, scientists or even musicians majority of them with a PhD) you will build models and develop tools and analytical processes to develop pricing and marketing strategies for HP printers, cartridges and PCs around the world.

Responsibilities:
Develop and apply statistical methods to analyze the effect of pricing and sales decisions on business performance
Develop and implement frameworks and processes for systematic and automated data analysis
Develop tools to ingest, merge, and clean data sets
Immerse yourself in very large data sets and complex problems
Visualize and interpret the results of analyses, and create strategy recommendations
Present the results and the corresponding recommendations to the relevant stakeholders, including senior leadership
Qualifications:
Interest in data science, pricing, economics, and/or consumer behavior
Scientific thinking and ability to design and critically analyze quantitative research
Ability to think creatively about research problems and invent original solutions to modeling challenges
Ability to build and interpret complex linear regression models, with machine learning experience a plus
Knowledge of and experience in deploying numerical optimization routines
Proficiency with Python and R is required
Strong analytical skills, with a high level of attention to detail
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Nice-To-Haves:
Knowledge of price optimization approaches, price discrimination models and a general knowledge of main concepts from the industrial organization literature
Experience working with large data sets
Experience in data engineering
Exposure to digital marketing
Experience working in or collaborating with industry
Experience creating data visualizations
Ability to build dashboards and other tools using front-end development skills
Experience in software development
Education & Experience
Bachelors, Master's or PhD degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Economics, Quantitative Marketing, Mathematics, Physics or equivalent
1-3 years experience including graduate or postgraduate research",4.1,"HP Inc.
4.1","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
132,Senior Research Scientist – Security and Privacy,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Returning Candidate? Log back in to the Career Portal and click on 'Job Browsing/History' and find the job you're looking for.

2020-008-OIC: Senior Research Scientist – Security and Privacy

Directorate Open Innovation Center
Location Beavercreek, OH
If you want to be not just on the cutting edge of technology but creating the cutting edge of technology, Riverside Research is the place for you. We are searching for an individual to join our Trusted and Resilient Systems research group to help shape a more secure future. This position provides maximum flexibility in pushing forward new ideas, new technology, and ground-breaking research. The team has ongoing research in security of machine learning, cryptography, hardware and hypervisor security solutions, as well as developing cutting edge solutions to the security of open architecture systems. The ideal person for this position is interested in broad areas of technology and can leverage their interests to develop and study creative solutions to some of the most difficult challenges. The current team resides in Riverside Research’s Beavercreek, OH, but we are willing to consider candidates that would prefer to work out of one of our Washington DC (Centerville or Crystal City) offices, our New York City office, or our Boston office.

Job Responsibilities:
•Conduct independent research in the area of security and privacy
•Publish and present research in conferences and journals
•Mentor junior researchers and interns
•Work with the team to identify future areas of research investment and develop research plans
•Author technical proposals

Qualifications:
•Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
•PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or similar or Master's degree Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering with five plus years experience in research.
•Proficiency with software development and revision control (Git)
•Ability to work independently and with a team
•Superior written and verbal communications skills
Desired Qualifications:

•Demonstrated publication record
•Experience with DARPA, IARPA, and government funded research

IND1
CA
Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.

Apply Now",3.4,"Riverside Research Institute
3.4","Beavercreek, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
133,Senior Data Analyst,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Data Analyst*
Responsibilities will focus on providing detailed financial and operational reporting as well as enhancing, creating and analysis of key performance indications via push reporting form a data warehouse.

DUTIES
Maintain the data warehouse, the data warehouse infrastructure, ETL pipelines from enterprise systems to the data warehouse, and the integrity of the data therein.
Hands-on experience working with MS SQL Server (MySQL, Hive and SSIS are a plus)
Building SQL reports and dashboards that interpret data to expose patterns and trends.
Automating the collection of data from available sources while identifying new opportunities for automation.
Assist in developing and tracking relevant business metrics that help drive business success, as well as the periodic communications of those metrics to key stakeholders.
Help with in-depth periodic analysis of business metrics and variance analysis.
Ensure all data warehouse reporting reconciles to existing management systems.
Aid in the preparation and development of detailed budgets and forecasts, including P&L, cash flow, and balance sheet projections on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.
Complete ad hoc analysis as needed.
Provide input to the management team as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS
Degree in accounting, finance or quantitative discipline preferred.
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in FP&A, Business Analytics or Corporate Strategy
STARTING SALARY RANGE: $75,000

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $75,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Analytics, Strategy or FP&A: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.hmespecialists.com
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"HME SPECIALISTS, LLC
3.2","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
134,Sr. DATA SCIENTIST,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Title: Sr. Data Scientist

Company: Samsung Research America (SRA)

Lab: Visual Display Intelligence Lab

Location: Mountain View, CA

Lab Summary:

At Visual Display Intelligence lab, Samsung Research America, we operate as a start-up while leveraging the broader assets of a larger global enterprise. We do advance research and development to immensely benefit our core business verticals in the space of Ads and Marketing. Our team primarily focuses on processing huge data sets, build robust and scalable big data pipelines, conduct advanced research in implementing state-of-the-art ML and AI techniques, build data services that are both real-time and batch based. All those combined provide the best-in-class experience to our customers across consumer electronics and internet of things. Many of our engineers take pride in publications, filing A-grade patents and build robust products and services.

Position Summary:

As a Staff Software Engineer you will primarily focus on building unified Audience platform by working directly with Product Managers, Lab leaders, researchers, Big data/AI/ML engineers, brainstorm different ideas and also build POCs and propose projects that cater to the broader business needs. If there is evinced interest to invest on those projects, you could lead them to fruition. You will help design data pipelines, maintain large scale distributed systems, help manage the modern data warehousing infrastructure, analyze key metrics for decision makers to provide visual insights that will change the company direction and benefit consumers. The ideal candidate will be someone who comes from a strong analytical background that has demonstrated experience in the following areas:

Responsibilities:
Build and maintain large scale distributed systems to support the whole pipeline from data collection and training to deployment and real-time serving
Write efficient implementations of ML algorithms over CPUs & GPUs
Integrate our in-house systems with open source technologies like Kubernetes and Tensorflow
Build abstractions to automate various steps in different ML workflows
Build tools to debug, visualize and inspect various features and models
Work with the engineers who use the platform, and help them be more impactful by improving the platform
Minimum Qualifications:
Strong knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, operating system, computer networks.
(5+ years) Software development experience, ideally in Python, Scala or Java
(5+ years) Experience with MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, Redis, Redshift, OracleDB or MongoDB
(3+ years) Microservice-oriented architectures and related OSS technologies (e.g. Kubernetes, Kafka, Celery/RabbitMQ, nginx, Redis, Airflow, etc)
(3+ years) Experience working in distributed and streaming environment, preferably using Spark, Kafka, Flink etc
(3+ years) Experience with AWS in an enterprise environment
(3+ years) CI/CD and test automation frameworks (Cypress.io, Jenkins, Appium, UIAutomation, Bazel, etc)
Preferred Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field
Strong communication and inter-personal skills
Experience with leading large-scale multi-engineer projects
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.",3.7,"Samsung Research America
3.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
135,Data Scientist,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"DATA SCIENTIST JOB DESCRIPTION
We are looking to hire a highly creative Data Scientist to address data analytics challenges in our organization, to collect large volumes of data from varying sources, clean and interpret data, create solutions to overcome challenges and communicate with interested parties.

To succeed in this position; you need to be curious, creative and tech savvy.

You need to stay up to date with data programming software and apps,

have outstanding understanding of statistics and mathematics, and be

proficient in writing algorithms. Top candidates will be persistent, and

have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
Data Scientist Responsibilities:
Having meetings with team members regarding projects
Collecting and interpreting data
Automating and integrating processes.
Researching solutions to overcome data analytics challenges
Communicating and meeting with engineers, IT teams and other interested parties
Sharing complex ideas verbally and visually in an understandable manner with non-technical stakeholders.
Deploys solutions so that they provide actionable insights to the organization and are embedded or integrated with application systems
Supports and drives analytic efforts designed around organization’s strategic priorities and clinical/business problems
Works in a team to drive disruptive innovation, which may translate into improved quality of care, clinical outcomes, reduced costs, temporal efficiencies and process improvements.
Builds and extends our analytics portfolio supported by robust documentation
Works with autonomy to find solutions to complex problems using open source tools and in-house development
Stays abreast of state-of-the-art literature in the fields of operations research, statistical modeling, statistical process control and mathematical optimization
Creates and communicates project plans and other required project documentation and provides updates to leadership as necessary
Works with the analytics team and clinical/business stakeholders to develop pilots so that they may be tested and validated in pilot/incubator settings
Performs analysis to evaluate primary and secondary objectives from such pilots
Data Scientist Responsibilities Continued:
Assists leadership with strategies for scaling successful projects across the organization and enhances the analytics applications based on feedback from end-users and clinical/business consumers
Assists leadership with dissemination of success stories (and failures) in an effort to increase analytics literacy and adoption across the organization.
Data Scientist Requirements:
A MS or PhD degree in Applied Mathematics or Statistics preferred.
5+ years public health experience.
Advanced coursework in analysis and programming.
Experience using data visualization tools.
Experience with data querying languages, and statistical or mathematical software.
Proficient in writing algorithms, and knowing when to apply them.
Excellent understanding of statistics, multi-variable calculus and linear algebra.
Outstanding communication skills.
Ability to present and speaking in front of audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Our staff is currently working from home due to COVID-19 until further notice.

Experience:
Public Health Experience: 5 years (Required)
data visualization tools & querying languages: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",1.4,"Sickle Cell Disease Association of America, Inc.
1.4","Hanover, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
136,Data Engineer,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview

ID.me is a digital identity network and our mission is to make the world a more trusted place by facilitating transparent and efficient interactions between people and organizations.

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Product team to design and build a robust set of tools and pipelines to support data analytics efforts. You’ll manage and optimize our core infrastructure by creating and maintaining data pipelines. You will work with other engineers and analysts from the Product and Business teams to design, implement, and maintain a data ecosystem that delivers actionable insights to make key business decisions. You have technical chops but can also work independently to prioritize issues, work within ambiguity, and manage conflicting deadlines. You are creative, data-driven, results-oriented, and eager to help us solve data problems of varying complexities.

Responsibilities
Develop technical solutions using proven techniques in data and analytics processes
Develop, prototype, and build frameworks based on open source and commercially available tools
Orchestrate and maintain data pipelines that meet security standards and ensure the integrity and quality of data
Demonstrate a passion for serving the needs of internal and external customers by enabling them with self-service reporting tools and analytics capabilities
Drive the execution of data initiatives that provide key performance metrics
Understand the data related challenges, nuances, and requirements to identify and recommend the optimal technical approach
Train and educate team members as well as stakeholders about best practices in data engineering and governance
Collaborate closely with the engineering and devops team to implement DataOps, thus reducing our analytics development cycle
Research and improve our data platform to ingest, process, transform, and distribute insightful data to our audience ranging from executives, analysts, and engineers to customers, vendors, and partners
Evangelize data driven culture by breaking down silos and encouraging data sharing
Qualifications
3+ years of hands-on experience in data engineering for a SaaS company or a mature startup
Proven experience working with various tools but more importantly, familiarity with how to best assemble and deploy production ready data stack to any cloud environment
BS in a quantitative or scientific field such as computer science, computer engineering or equivalent experience
Experience in applying agile software development approach - Git, CI/CD, Jira, etc - to data engineering
Familiar with SQL and other popular programming languages (such as Ruby, Python, .NET, etc)
Exceptional fluency with SQL; you conquered the join venn diagram long ago and have moved on to explaining cost based optimization to your peers on the engineering team
Some level of experience working in the cloud - AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with ingesting, processing, and visualizing data sources of varying types - structured/relational and unstructured
Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets
Data-driven, detail-oriented individual with excellent storytelling and problem-solving abilities
Ability to work independently and autonomously, as well as part of a team
Superb time management, prioritization of tasks and ability to meet deadlines with little supervision
Vision: To be the world's leading digital identity network empowering people to control their own information and to prove their credentials across all channels: online, call center, and in-person.

Mission: To make the world a more trusted place by delivering the highest level of security with the least amount of friction at the lowest possible cost.

People: We have an audacious mission. We aim to fix the identity layer of the internet. Billions of people will live better lives with more trust and convenience thanks to ID.me. We are like Special Forces. We take on the most difficult challenges with amazing teammates.

ID.me Core Values: *Don't be a jerk. *Always compete. *Ask questions like a 5-year old. *Inspire people with your passion. *Make something better every day. *Treat each customer like your favorite family member. *Own your mistakes so you can learn from them. *Details are everything. *Communicate like a scientist. *Be truthful (even when it's hard). *Reflect ID.me's values in your actions. *Act like an owner.

ID.me Career Site & Culture Deck: https://www.id.me/careers",3.3,"Id.me
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
137,Data QA Engineer,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: Data QA Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA
Department: Quality Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Software Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a self-motivated mid-level Data QA Engineer to lead the testing framework design, development, automation for our big data infrastructure leveraging latest technologies such as Hadoop and Spark, both on-premise and in the cloud. This position requires experience in testing and automation of data pipelines, data services, data warehouses, business intelligence and machine learning platforms, especially around unified consumer transactional, demographic and behavioral data.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools/technologies such as SQL/NoSQL, Python, and Tableau to validate products, data pipelines and data deliverables. If you have experience in automation, quality engineering of data centric applications/systems, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Design and implement Test Automation frameworks using Python, node.js, SQL, javascript and React JS.
Develop test strategies, plans, test cases and engineering best practices related to software test engineering, both manual and automated testing with a specific focus on data quality
Work closely with data engineers, data scientists and analysts to inform solution designs in terms of testability.
Building and automating testing frameworks around data ingestion pipelines for master data management, deep-learning, and predictive analytics
Build and maintain testing frameworks for big data environments that are highly secure, scalable, flexible, and performant using appropriate SQL technologies.
Lead data governance and data profiling efforts to ensure data quality and proper meta data documentation for data lineage.
Creating quality metrics to evaluate data pipelines, products and customer deliverables.
Collaborate with diverse technical and non-technical teams located across multiple time-zones on client deliverables and technical support
Participate-in and contribute to design and code reviews
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on data analytics.
3+ years of experience in data integration / data engineering
3+ years of experience in data modeling and architecture
3+ years of experience in QA automation
Experience in working with large scale Enterprise data warehouse, data integration, data migration and data quality verification
Hands-on testing experience in working Hadoop, Spark and other Big data technologies is highly preferred
Knowledge of data pipelines using SQL, Hive, Spark, Spark ML
Excellent analytics, problem-solving and debugging skills",3.1,"Affinity Solutions
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
138,Data Engineer,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Data Engineer to provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The candidate will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Skills Requirements:
The successful candidate should have experience with scripting in Python and using Nifi. Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS is preferred or willingness to learn.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality.
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS. Ability to communicate analysis to experts and lay persons alike.
Years of Experience: Minimum of 3 years experience.

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's degree in computer science, geography, or related field.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems
4.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
139,AWS Data Lake Technical Lead,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our mission: Retail Data and Analytics Solutions has been established as a center of excellence for advanced analytics and data for Vanguard’s Retail business. Our mission is to amplify the value of Vanguard’s information and bring it to bear on the challenges our clients face.

The Team: We are a team of highly talented, cross-disciplinary individuals embedded within Vanguard’s Retail business to drive innovation and transformation in pursuit of ambitious goals. Our team of data engineers, data scientists, and developers is equipped to swiftly create fully integrated solutions that improve key outcomes. We are focused on improving as fast as we can, constantly evolving, and challenging ‘business as usual’.

Candidate: The ideal candidate will have experience in providing technical direction to a team leveraging the AWS services related to data analytics. This team has transitioned into New Ways of Working and requires the candidate to influence product level decisions in addition to providing expert level IT technical lead services, including the direction, evaluation, selection, configuration, implementation, and integration of new and existing technologies and tools.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Provides expert level IT technical lead services and direction for critical software, middleware, and/or hardware projects (e.g., applications, networks, communications, and client server technologies) on multiple platforms. Provides technical expertise in systems, technical infrastructure, tools, modeling, external interfaces, and other technical areas. Completes complex development, design, implementation, architecture design specification, and maintenance activities.
Ensures the viability of IT deliverables. Recommends development options, including design, build/buy, and vendor purchase. Approves the team's technical deliverables. Conducts testing, including functionality, technical limitations, and security.
Identifies potential solutions, including the cost/benefit of each option. Approves technical solutions proposed by team members. Elevates complex technical issues to IT experts, including architects and vendors. Resolves technical problems discovered by testers and internal clients. Responds to and resolves technical issues in a timely manner. Researches issues and performs root cause analysis.
Communicates with project manager on a frequent basis. Identifies tasks and issues that may have an impact on service levels or schedules. Provides realistic task and cost estimates. Screens resumes of team members, interviews, makes hiring and assignment recommendations, and writes reviews.
Participates in design, code, and test inspections throughout product life cycle to identify issues. Participates as a technical consultant at other project meetings. Presents technical status and issues at milestone reviews.

Qualifications:

Undergraduate degree in a related field or the equivalent combination of training and experience
The candidate must have experience in providing technical direction to data teams leveraging the AWS services related to data analytics.
Demonstrated strong skills in product development, architecture and development.
Experience using AWS Services for Data Analytics (EMR, Glue, Athena, Sqoop) is highly desired.
Ability to influence product level decisions and prioritization.
Background in database or ETL development will be helpful.
** Please note: Vanguard is not offering sponsorship for this position.
About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.",3.3,"Vanguard
3.3","Charlotte, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,1975,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
140,Data Scientist,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"We have an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Typical responsibilities include
Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.
Cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
Analyzing data to identify patterns and trends.
Developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Devising and applying models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data.
Interpreting data to discover solutions and opportunities.
Requirements
Active Secret Clearance
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline
Desired skills
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with entity resolution
Experience with Natural Language Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.1,"NetImpact Strategies
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
141,Machine Learning Engineer,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Triplebyte

Triplebyte is transforming the way software engineers are hired. Our mission is to build an open, valuable and skills-based credential for all engineers and data scientists. This is important because millions of people have skills (and deserve good jobs), but don't fit the profile that recruiters seek. We aim to cut out that noise by matching opportunities to people who have the skills to succeed in them - regardless of their background.

Companies like Apple, Dropbox and American Express trust Triplebyte's technical assessment to identify the best engineers for their open roles and reduce the time and effort it takes to hire them.

We raised a $35 million Series B and our team of 64 is growing! We're building out the leadership of our team to help us scale to the next phase.

Press Links:

You can read more about our company and hear from our founders in the press here:

Triplebyte raises $35M for its online coding test and credentialing service for hiring engineers

Triplebyte incubates ColorStack to increase Black and Latinx representation in CS programs

CNBC (Your Next Job Interview Could be with a Robot)

Building an Engineering Team - Harj Taggar and Ammon Bartram

Role Description

Triplebyte screens and evaluates thousands of engineers per month to find the best candidates for our partner companies. Human decision making doesn't work at our scale; our marketplace is powered by automated assessment and decision making. Triplebyte has three cornerstone ML products: our quiz, our interview, and our matchmaking. As a machine learning engineer, you'll be responsible for the end-to-end process of designing and running experiments to serving production models at scale. Some of our pipelines use off the shelf components, but we're also implementing custom models and techniques from the latest research papers. We're also building forecasting tools for internal teams to measure and predict outcomes. This is an ideal role for an engineer or data scientist who wants the scope and responsibility to own features/products from the inception and research phase through to measuring real-world results.Fields your work will touch on
Psychometrics
Recommender systems
Time series analysis
Survival analysis
Bayesian inference
Probabilistic programming
Requirements
Robust exploratory/experimental skills. We have a novel dataset of candidate profiles and interview outcomes from our candidate screening process and our hiring marketplace. You'll be responsible for designing and evaluating experiments to predict downstream outcomes.
Ability to implement models from research. Some of our best improvements in both speed and predictiveness has come from doing literature surveys and implementing novel techniques from research papers.
Engineering skills. This is a hybrid research/engineering role. You'll be responsible for productionizing your pipelines/models and integrating against our back-end services.

Compensation and Benefits

Competitive salary and stock options package

Open vacation policy

Employer paid health, vision and dental insurance

401(k) plan with matching

Pre-tax commuter benefits

Daily catered lunches

The Company is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. The Company does not discriminate against employees or applicants (in any aspect of employment, including, but not limited to recruiting and hiring, job assignment, compensation, opportunities for advancement, promotion, transfers, evaluation, benefits, training, discipline, and termination), on the basis of any characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws.",3.2,"Triplebyte
3.2",California,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
142,Machine Learning Engineer,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Alpha Health
We’re on a mission to remedy the financial complexity crippling healthcare in America.

Our aim is to organize and use all healthcare information to reduce the cost of care and improve the patient experience.

As the first Unified Automation company for healthcare, we use the same machine learning approaches that made driverless cars possible to provide health systems with a single solution for revenue cycle management. Alpha Health’s Unified Automation brings together the best of people, data and technology to efficiently, accurately and autonomously navigate the complex state of medical reimbursement in the United States.

We are growing rapidly:
- The contracting process in healthcare typically averages nine months. Yet, in less than 12 months time, the team has landed multiple provider clients of all sizes across the US.
- The team has also deployed at several of these customers, providing meaningful and measurable value within 90 days.

We’ve built a cross-functional skill set deep into the DNA of the company. We have technology experts from the top Silicon Valley technology companies (Google, Facebook, etc) and machine learning PhD programs (Stanford, etc). We also have senior leaders from the frontlines of healthcare with decades of experience leading teams of medical billers at some of the most prominent healthcare institutions in the US. And we have a deep bench of talent from healthcare services firms like the Advisory Board, Optum and Triage Consulting.

Our founding team includes Silicon Valley leaders who have founded or been founding team members of multiple companies with successful exits, including in excess of $350 million.

We are expanding our team to support our work with existing customers as well as new customers. If you love to execute, we’d love to hear from you.

Alpha Health is based in South San Francisco. As a company we embraced remote work opportunities before COVID-19. We consider ourselves experts in working collaboratively wherever our team members happen to reside.

As part of the ML team you will work alongside machine learning PhDs from top schools (e.g., Stanford), as well as experienced machine learning engineers from top companies(e.g., Google). You will be putting machine learning into practice, so your code directly affects our customers immediately. You will be working with large proprietary medical and clinical datasets containing both structured documents, natural language and images.
What You'll Do
· Participate in developing state-of-art machine learning solutions to address large scale healthcare problems
· Design and build pipelines that collect, preprocess, and deliver data with a measurable quality
· Write production-ready software with fast and efficient algorithms
Skills & Qualifications
· 2+ years of work experience in machine learning or data engineering
· Strong proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python and C++
· Hands-on development experience with big data technologies such as SQL and AWS/Cloud Platform
· Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, Keras, Tensorflow
· Full-stack development experience for an end to end machine learning solution preferred
· Experience with Natural Language Processing or Computer Vision a plus
· Strong communication and interpersonal skills with meticulous attention to detail
What We Offer
· Work with an experienced and complementary founding team consisting of serial entrepreneurs, AI experts and healthcare industry experts
· Competitive salary and equity grants
· Full employer coverage for health, dental and vision insurance
· Full employer coverage for life insurance
· 401k Plan
· Free membership to One Medical (Concierge Clinic) for you and your family (if you are in a region covered by One Medical)
· Flexible Vacation Policy",5.0,"Alpha Health
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
143,Translational Data Scientist/Data Engineering,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"20-Aug-2020

Job ID
300507BR
{""QuestionName"":""Job Description"",""AnswerValue"":""20. That’s how many years of data we have in our informatics systems! Enriched every day by more than 1000 Translational Medicine scientists. If you like data, there is no better place to be!

Who are we?

Our team of 30 Data Scientists are leveraging this data to accelerate drug development. NIBR Translational Medicine is in charge of creating data needed for submission of all Novartis drugs: Toxicology, DMPK, Phase I and II Clinical Trials, and most clinical Omics. We have one of the richest data pool in the Pharma world.
As a Translational Data Scientist, using your knowledge of research, you will analyze the Translational Medicine data landscape, and design ways to integrate data to speed up its analysis and the project delivery. Creating new capacities for Translational Medicine teams by easing access to data, relevant algorithms, and visualizations as part of the Novartis Digital Strategy, you will make drug development faster.

Your main responsibilities will be to:
• Organize access to data via APIs, applications and textual and graphical representations of the data in close collaboration with data scientists. Build application Proof of Concepts with selected scientists, organize scale up with relevant partners and release to NIBR community.
• Push community adoption of techniques and tools crafted by supporting power users and coordinating training sessions.
• Be a liaison between partners involved: scientific teams having data intensive needs, teams crafting enterprise solutions, internal and external partners producing similar solutions.
• Maintain expertise in methodologies for data handling, visualization and User Experience
• Mentor and encourage others to tackle problems
Posting Title
Translational Data Scientist/Data Engineering",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
144,Data Scientist,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB DESCRIPTION

AccruePartners values our contract and consulting employees. We offer a competitive benefits package to meet the diverse needs of all of our contractor and consulting employees and their family members. Here is a listing of what our company offers: 401(k) Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Employee Assistance Program, Medical and Prescription Drug, Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance.

THE TEAM YOU WILL BE JOINING:

Fortune 500 Company
World leader in commercial data and insight
Constantly expanding the size and improving the quality of their global database; currently exceeding 280 million businesses worldwide
Focus on valuable relationships allowing customers to succeed

WHAT THEY OFFER YOU:

Culture: Energetic, forward thinking individuals, passionate about compliance, risk assessment and management
Growth: Partake in a learning program with robust curriculum that will enhance the value you bring to your team and the company
Opportunity: Extensive international network with offices on five continents
Stability: A storied and commanding brand with almost two centuries of experience

WHERE THE POSITION IS LOCATED:

Reston, VA

THE BACKGROUND THAT FITS:

Undergrad degree in a Risk related field (Accounting, Business, Economics, Finance, Math/Stat, Operations Research, etc.) with 1 to 3 years of applicable experience
Strong programming skills with the ability conduct research utilizing R, and Python to manipulate data and conduct statistical analysis
Strong SQL skills and experience
Ability to effectively communicate complex ideas to both a technical and non-technical audience
Willingness to travel to client locations as needed

Essential Responsibilities

Engage clients with the colleagues to identify their business needs and develop, implement, and manage solutions
Participate in all aspects of a modeling engagement, including design, development, validation, calibration, documentation, approval, implementation, monitoring, and reporting
Strong SAS programming skills with an ability to apply common procedures and data manipulations, write macro functions and learn new procedures when necessary

Preferred Qualifications

Experience implementing text analytic techniques (including NLP) to create structured fields from unstructured datasets
Experience working with very large datasets
Experience working with outside clients on statistical engagements
Experience with graph databases and visualizations
Experience applying modern machine learning techniques
Experience applying data and analytics for capital markets use-cases",2.6,"AccruePartners
2.6","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
145,Senior Data Scientist,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a Data Scientist who will be responsible for shaping our company’s data strategy innovating the $85B digital and linear television advertising market. You are passionate about all things data and tech, and have extensive knowledge of the digital space. You are accomplished in the areas of creating new analysis and deriving business-changing insights and you are ready to support the strategic objectives of a highly cross-functional organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Your work will have an outsized impact on tools we’re building, forecasting, planning, allocation, and audience behavior prediction
Work with Pb-scale data sets representing the total US video and TV audiences
You will build new, and support scaling out existing models in support of audience segmentation
You will be working with the data-engineering team to product ML pipelines and coordinating data models with other engineering teams
Building Data Models and managing machine learning pipelines
QUALIFICATIONS:
Managing ML pipelines with tools such as Python, Julia, and Apache Spark
SQL fluency and an understanding of relational data models
Comfortable in the Linux environment
A master of all trades mentality and an ability to embrace new challenges regularly
Eager and energized to work with some of the latest open source technologies
Able to work on-site in Los Angeles, CA
PhD in Data Science, Physics, Mathematics or other scientific field
PERKS:
Unlimited paid time off each year
Annual vacation stipend
Onsite gym, fitness classes and personal trainer
Casual dress code
Kitchen stocked with healthy snack snacks
Health, dental and vision benefits
Parental leave
Epic growth
ABOUT

At VideoAmp, we believe in challenging advertising paradigms to maximize value for clients. We do this by enabling companies to execute on business outcomes across their media investment instead of more traditional media metrics. VideoAmp is the software and data solutions company powering the convergence of the linear TV and digital video advertising. Our solutions connect linear TV viewership with addressable data assets to benefit the marketing and media industries. This enable marketers and content owners to holistically plan, transact, and measure deduplicated audiences across digital video, OTT, connected and linear TV advertising.

Come and join us!",3.5,"VideoAmp
3.5","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
146,"Senior Data Analyst, Project Controls",$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Under the direction of the Senior Manager of Project Controls, the Senior Data Analyst will develop reporting, analyze, evaluate and forecast project controls data. The analyst will also collaborate across San Manuel Band of Mission Indians (SMBMI) & San Manuel Casino (SMC) business operations to gather requirements for report development and/or in depth analysis. Will share activities with project controls team and grow the Project Controls department analytics/BI and process initiatives. The Senior Data Analyst will be required to use independent judgment, provide report and recommendations to Project Controls leadership team.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities

1. Responsible for project financial planning and forecasting, report development and automation with visualizations software.

2. Develop automated reporting and adhoc reporting for Project Controls team and leadership as needed (SAS Enterprise Guide).

3. Meets with Project Controls team as necessary to provide information and address departmental issues, such as system interruptions or critical data integrity issues.

4. Define and gather information from Financial system of record as needed to enhance the Project Controls Data Structures.

5. Perform duties such as: validating, financial capital planning, cash flow analytics, break even analysis, creating KPIs, and tracking methodologies.

6. Provide guidance and lead information gathering sessions with Project Managers in adherence to approved project controls policy and procedures.

7. Work closely with Project Managers, Procurement Managers, Financial Analysts, Legal, Finance/Accounting, and Data Services to ensure timely approvals.

8. Perform other duties as assigned to support the efficient operation of the department.

Education/Experience/Qualifications
Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, auditing, or related field required.
Minimum of five (5) years of analytical experience is required.
Demonstrated experience working with relational databases and enterprise reporting tools required.
Experience with software programs Tableau and Lawson is preferred.
Equivalent combination of education and progressive, relevant and direct experience may be considered in lieu of minimum educational/experience requirements indicated above.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Access is required.
Employee must have experience demonstrating the utmost discretion and confidentiality.
Certificates/Licenses/Registrations
At the discretion of the San Manuel Tribal Gaming Commission you may be required to obtain and maintain a gaming license.
A qualified candidate/employee must have a valid drivers license with an acceptable driving record as determined by the companys insurance carrier.
San Manuel Band of Mission Indians and San Manuel Casino will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

As one of the largest private employers in the Inland Empire, San Manuel deeply cares about the future, growth and well-being of its employees. Join our team today!",3.3,"San Manuel Band of Mission Indians
3.3","Highland, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
147,"Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development",$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development
Location: Bedford, MA
Homology Medicines is seeking an outstanding Senior Scientist to assist in the advancement of viral gene therapy production processes for novel adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The individual in this role will be a highly-skilled, talented and motivated researcher who will lead the work to develop and characterize next generation plasmids for large scale manufacturing of AAV vectors. We seek candidates with proven ability to work independently and collaboratively who are driven to pursue cutting edge science and develop next generation therapies to transform the lives of patients.
Essential Functions and Duties
Design, development, and characterization of novel plasmids for AAV production using molecular and cell-based assays
Analyze vector specific characteristics including packaging efficiency and product quality, as impacted by packaging and inverted terminal repeat (ITR) plasmid and integrity
Advance technical understanding and development of critical parameters in mammalian cell culture production systems for AAV vectors
Collaborate closely with analytical characterization team to evaluate critical vector attributes and process performance parameters for AAV vector production
Lead a team of research associate and scientist completing assigned tasks and serve as scientific mentor to overseeing laboratory experimentation and data analysis
Author technical reports and technology transfer documents as needed
Skills and Experience
PhD or MS in molecular biology, virology, or related fields with 4+ (PhD) or 6+ (MS) years industry experience in viral vector production
Expertise in molecular cloning techniques preferably with AAV/ITR experience
Thorough understanding of virus characterization methods including nucleic acid and protein-based approaches
Familiarity with using lab-scale production platforms including adherent cell systems, shake flasks, and bioreactors for live virus or viral vector production
Adept at conducting routine testing and limited troubleshooting of multiple methods
Independently motivated, detail oriented, and good problem-solving ability
Excellent interpersonal written and oral communication skills
Interested candidates should forward a cover letter and Resume / CV to careers@homologymedicines.com or on line: www.homologymedicines.com
Homology Medicines, Inc. (HMI) has built foundational intellectual property on gene editing and gene therapy vectors derived from naturally occurring human adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The Company's technology is precise, on-target and highly efficient for in vivo editing of genetic mutations. This transformative platform technology, combined with an elite leadership team of biopharmaceutical industry veterans, create a significant opportunity for HMI to rapidly advance a diverse pipeline of new medicines that address and potentially cure the underlying cause of genetic diseases.",4.4,"Homology Medicines
4.4","New Bedford, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
148,Quality Control Scientist,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary:

The Quality Control Scientist will provide oversight of contract analytical labs and manufacturers. This includes, review of analytical data from release and stability studies and review of method validation protocols and reports. The candidate should have a strong understanding of cGMPs and relevant ICH and FDA regulatory guidelines. Prior hand-on experience working in a QC lab and thorough understanding of root cause analysis for investigations is required. This position will interact and work closely with cross-functional teams, including, manufacturing, quality assurance and regulatory.

Responsibilities:
Review analytical data packages generated during GMP release/stability testing of drug substance and drug product at the contract manufacturing sites
Assist in investigations and formulate a plan to identify/confirm root cause for anomalous results
Write and/or review method validation and transfer protocols and reports
Write and/or review protocols and reports related to stability studies as well as prepare tables summarizing results from stability studies
Track and trend release and stability data for batch analysis and shelf life establishment
Initiate change control for internal specifications and regulatory documents
Evaluate and perform risk assessment for change control documents provided by the contract manufacturing sites
Manage reference standard program for drug substance, impurities and degradants
Qualifications:
B.S. or M.S in analytical chemistry or related scientific disciplines with 5+ years of experience in analytical development with minimum of 3+ years of experience in quality control
Skills, Knowledge & Abilities:
Hands-on proficiency and problem-solving skills with chromatographic techniques e.g. HPLC, UPLC and GC. Familiarity with mass and UV/VIS spectroscopic techniques is an advantage
Prior experience in interacting with contract labs and manufacturing sites is a plus
Hands-on experience with method validations and transfers in support of pharmaceutical manufacturing
Proficiency in performing root cause analysis for investigation
Experience with iStability software is a plus
Passion for learning, creating, relating, communicating, and leading cross functional teams
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience in a start-up environment preferred
Must be pro-active team player, flexible, and open to change
Working Conditions: Will work from the Company's San Francisco Bay Area office, with additional travel as required to oversee the virtual development and manufacturing network (estimated at 25%).

Physical Demands and Work Environment:

This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand on a stool as necessary.

This job operates in a professional office environment and routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.

Benefits and Perks:

Apellis offers a great benefit package which includes: health insurance with full premium coverage, 401K with company match, paid time off (PTO), long- term disability insurance, life insurance and more! Visit http://apellis.com/careerbenefits.html to learn more.

Company Background:

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel therapeutic compounds to treat disease through the inhibition of the complement system, which is an integral component of the immune system, at the level of C3, the central protein in the complement cascade. We believe that this approach can result in broad inhibition of the principal pathways of the complement system and has the potential to effectively control a broad array of complement-dependent autoimmune and inflammatory diseases.

Visit http://apellis.com/about.html to learn more.

EEO Statement:

Apellis is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local fair employment practices laws. Apellis strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex (including pregnancy), gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender or transsexual individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, genetic information, marital status, AIDS/HIV status, smoker/nonsmoker, and occupational pneumocononiosis or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local law.

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

#LI-BE1",3.9,"Apellis
3.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
149,"Research Scientist, Immuno-Oncology (PhD Required)",$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary: *
The research scientist will be involved in conducting immune-oncology research programs directed at identifying new therapeutic targets and development drug development programs in cancer around these targets. The candidate will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications. The responsibilities of this position include developing and executing cell-based assays, _in vitro,_ _ex vivo_ and _in vivo_ to characterize biological mechanisms of action of novel immunotherapeutic product candidates for the treatment of cancer. The candidate will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of BTI's entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Responsibilities: *
· _Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at BTI. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research.

· _Data analysis: _ Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

· _Data communication and reporting: _ Provide detailed reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research.

· _Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

· _Personnel Training_: Training of BTI personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

· _Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for BTI’s projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for autoimmune diseases.

· _Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other BTI team members in experiments.

· _Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

· _Record keeping_: Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in ASANA, Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the BTI’s Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the BTI research progress to the Scientific Director, and BTI team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

· Maintain the confidentiality of all company deliberations and plans.

· Any new responsibilities or changes in the reporting structure as directed by the executive leadership.

· Act in accordance with Company’s policies.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $48,814.00 - $91,451.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.biotherapeuticsinc.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"BioTherapeutics, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
150,"Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer, Applied Science",$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Scientist/Senior Scientist/Lead Scientist - (Machine Learning Engineers) will work with the rest of the team to research, invent, and implement the next generation prediction, optimization, and analytics technology. You are a brilliant, motivated self-starter and an extremely fast learner with top notch problem solving, and analytical skills. You have a deep sense of curiosity and innate desire to dig deep into terabytes of data and love to play with the innards of complex algorithms, mathematical constructs and code.

Responsibilities
Research, design and/or implement solutions to challenging problems in real-time bidding domain, such as all kinds of optimization problems, audience understanding, etc.
Research and improve features and machine learning models for production pipeline.
Provide insights and suggestions on customer campaign optimization problems and product/platform optimization problems through statistical data analysis when needed.
Drive innovation by identifying and formulating new problems, publishing papers, filing patents, etc.
Required Qualifications
PhD degree in a closely related field (e.g.: computer science/engineering, optimization) with publications in the area is strongly preferred
Or Masters with significant experience in advertising and Machine Learning
Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling, optimization, algorithms, big-data, game theory
Proficiency with one or more programming languages - ability to write/debug production code.
Excellent communication skills – ability to present and communicate complex ideas in simple terms
Strong statistical/math/analytical abilities; Exceptional problem solving skills
Desired Qualifications
Previous experience in the advertising industry
Strong programming experience with Java, C/C++, Python and/or Scala
Excellent knowledge in algorithms and data structures
#LI-KM1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Redwood City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
151,AI Ops Data Scientist,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company

AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines for some of the world's most serious diseases. But we're more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, we're proud to have a unique workplace culture that inspires innovation and collaboration. Here, employees are empowered to express diverse perspectives and are made to feel valued, energized and rewarded for their ideas and creativity.

Role

We are looking for a data scientist to join our new AI Ops platform team in Science IT. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working in a range of different cloud environments where they devised and deployed large-scale production infrastructure and platforms for data science. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting data & prediction problems in drug discovery.

The successful candidate will be part of a new, close-knit team of deeply technical experts and together have the chance to create tools that will advance the standard of healthcare, improving the lives of millions of patients across the globe. Our data science environments will support major AI initiatives such as clinical trial data analysis, knowledge graphs, imaging & omics for our therapy areas. You will also have responsibility to help provide the frameworks for data scientists to develop scalable machine learning and predictive models with our growing data science community, in a safe and robust manner.

As a strong software leader and an expert in building complex systems, you will be responsible for inventing how we use technology, machine learning, and data to enable the productivity of AstraZeneca. You will help envision, build, deploy and develop our next generation of data engines and tools at scale. You will be bridging the gap between science and engineering and functioning with deep expertise in both worlds.

Key Accountabilities
Liaise with R&D data scientists to understand their challenges and work with them to help productionise models and algorithms.
Be part of the development roadmap to build and operationalise our data science environment, platforms and tooling.
Support any external opportunities, through close partnership and engagement such as Benevolent.AI collaboration.
Deployment of systems, applications and tooling for data science on cloud environments.
Understanding of the necessary guardrails required for different use cases and data sensitivities.
Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU).
Provide the necessary infrastructure and platform to support the deployment and monitoring of ML solutions in production Optimizing solutions for performance and scalability.
Liaise with the Data Engineering team to ensure that the platform and the solutions deployment therein benefit from an optimised and scalable data flow between source systems and analytical models
Implementing custom machine learning code and developing benchmarking capabilities to monitor drift of any analyses over time.
Understanding of the latest AI webservices and data science tools, from DataBricks to citizen data science tools like Dataiku, C3.AI and Domino. Experience working on regulatory data would be helpful but not essential.
Liaise with other teams to enhance our technological stack, to enable the adoption of the latest advances in Data Processing and AI
Being an active member of the Data Science team, you will benefit from, and contribute to, our expanding bank of Data Science algorithms and work efficiently with our data science infrastructure.
Testing and assessing the quality of new tools.
Team recruitment, training provision and coaching
Candidate Knowledge, Skills and Experience
BSc in Computer Science or related quantitative field or MSc/Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field.
More than 2 years of experience and demonstrable deep technical skills in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, natural language processing or computer vision.
Experience managing an enterprise platform and service, handling new customer demand and feature requests.
Strong software coding skills, with proficiency in Python and Scala preferred.
Significant experience with AWS cloud environments, working knowledge of Google and Azure platforms. Knowledge of Kubernetes, S3, EC2, Sagemaker, Athena, RDS and Glue is essential. Certification in appropriate areas will be viewed favourably.
Experience with best practice of data transport and storage within cloud system.
Experience building large scale data processing pipelines. e. g. Hadoop/Spark and SQL.
Experience provisioning computational resources in a variety of environments.
Experience with containers and microservice architectures e.g. Kubernetes, Docker and serverless approaches.
Experience with automation strategies e.g. CI/CD, gitops.
Use of Data Science modelling tools e.g. R, Python, SAS and Data Science notebooks (e.g. Jupyter).
Creative, collaborative, & product focused.
Ability to just get things done.",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
152,Data Analyst,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

A Data Analyst designs, executes and interprets past and real time data to identify trends, reconcile inconsistencies, and make recommendations to improved IT Service Delivery This includes active analysis of the traditional ITSM Event, Incident, Request, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Configuration and Release processes.

What Youll Get to Do:
Monitors and queries the IT Service Delivery platform to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management, and conduct proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the ITSM Process Leads and Customer Engagement teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Analyze, define, and report on trends identified in the data
Facilitate Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Leverage the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection solutions, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of information
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement and Continual Service Improvement (CSI) opportunities
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Active TS/SCI with Poly required
A bachelor's degree OR equivalent experience/4+ years of IT experience AND 1+ year of data analyst, performance management, and service delivery reporting
ITIL Foundations certification
A good understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of statistics and experience with statistical tools to analyze data sets (Excel, SPSS, or SAS)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Experience with Tableau
Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
allspark

BITS3

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
153,"Staff Research Scientist, Geomorphology/Soil Science",$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Thank you for your interest in employment with the Desert Research Institute. We want your application process to go smoothly and quickly. We ask that you keep in mind the following when completing your application:
Once you start the application process you cannot save your work. Please ensure you have all required attachment(s) available to complete your application before you begin the process.
Required attachments are listed below on the posting. Your application will not be considered without the required attachments.
Please see the application instructions under each posting for information on submittal deadlines.
If you need assistance or have questions regarding the application process, contact Human Resources Hotline at (775) 673-7431 or recruit@dri.edu.

Job Description

The Desert Research Institute (DRI) seeks a Staff Geomorphologist or Soil Scientist at the Staff Research Scientist level (Rank 1) to assist in the characterization of soils, geomorphology, and dust emission in support of current DoD funded projects at DRI.

This position involves research support in four overlapping areas:
Assist in the analysis of soil surface conditions as related to dust emission potential, including field operation of the PI-SWERL (Portable in situ Wind Erosion Laboratory).
Assist in the entry of field and laboratory data into spreadsheets and databases as required and ability to assist in the analysis of collected soil, dust, geomorphic, and Quaternary geologic data.
Assist on field-oriented studies where soil and geomorphic data is collected in support of project objectives.
Perform laboratory duties in the Quaternary Pedology and Soil Characterization Laboratory as directed.
In addition, the candidate should be familiar and comfortable with basic report writing and technical editing and be willing to learn how to collect instrument data, often in extreme environments.

Other responsibilities may include assistance in a wide variety of Quaternary geologic and geomorphic projects as opportunities and needs arise. These efforts include mapping of Quaternary geology and soils, identification of landforms, description and sampling of soils and sediments, working with Quaternary stratigraphy, sampling of materials for geochronology, geoarcheology and cultural resources identification, and general support of field research activities.

Required Qualifications
US Citizenship (Must have the ability to work on DoD instillations);
Bachelor of Science Degree in Geology, Earth Science, or related field from an accredited institution;
Basic knowledge in geomorphology, Quaternary geology, or soil science;
Excellent oral and written communication skills;
Team player with diverse research interests and excellent interpersonal skills;
Demonstrated experience to independently conduct field-based geomorphic or soil science research.
Preferred Qualifications
Master of Science Degree in Earth Sciences, Soil Science, or related fields from an accredited institution;
Experience using standard GIS software (e.g. ArcGIS Desktop) and generating map products;
Demonstrated experience with soil mapping and performing field descriptions of geomorphic, stratigraphic, and/or soil morphologic properties;
Working knowledge of soil classification systems;
Demonstrated experience or interest in performing laboratory analyses;
Demonstrated experience editing, compiling, and writing scientific reports and publications.
Conditions of Employment
Due to security requirements associated with accessing essential project sites and information, ALL applicants MUST be citizens of the United States.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check.
Must be able to travel and to work in harsh field conditions for extended periods of time (i.e. southwest deserts in the summer, cold regions, tropical regions), walk/hike across uneven terrain, and ability to lift heavy equipment (40+ lbs.)
Organizational Summary

Since 1959, DRI has stood at the forefront of understanding Earth's complex environmental systems, promoting preservation of diverse ecosystems, advancing responsible natural resource management, and improving human health and welfare throughout Nevada and around the world. More than 500 highly skilled scientists, engineers, technicians and students are collaboratively focused on understanding and answering critical questions about global climate change, water quality and availability, air quality, sustainability of desert lands, life in extreme environments, and more.

Salary/Benefits

DRI’s starting salary is competitive and commensurate with education, experience, and aligns with similar public academic research institutions. DRI provides excellent benefits that include:
Health insurance options that include dental, vision, life, and long-term disability;
15.25% tax-deferred retirement contribution with matching by DRI;
Thirty (30) days of sick leave provided upon start date and two (2) days of sick leave accrued per full month after the first year of service, two (2) days of annual leave accrued each full month, 11 paid holidays;
Tuition reduction at NSHE institutions for employee and dependents;
No state income tax and no Social Security deduction;
Relocation assistance.
Exempt

Yes

Full-Time Equivalent

100.0%

Required Attachment(s)

Qualified individuals interested in this position must apply online at https://nshe.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/DRI-External.

Please upload the following documents in the specified section of your application in Workday:
A cover letter detailing your research experience, career goals, and project interests;
A current curriculum vitae;
Contact information for three professional/work-related references, to be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant permission.
Individuals who meet all required qualifications are encouraged to apply immediately and provide all required attachments to receive full consideration. Recruitment will close without notice when a sufficient number of applications are received, or a hiring decision has been made.

For more detailed information about DRI, please visit us at www.dri.edu. For questions regarding this position or assistance with your application, please call the recruiting office at 775-673-7319.

Posting Close Date

Note to Applicant

Applicants should fully describe their qualifications and experience with specific reference to each of the minimum and preferred qualifications. The search committee will use this information during the initial review of application materials.

References will be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant notification and permission.

Newly hired faculty and postdoctoral fellows must assure that their official transcript is submitted to the Human Resources Office within 30 calendar days from the effective date of employment. Academic degrees must have been awarded by regionally accredited institutions.

This position may require a criminal background check to be conducted on the candidate(s) selected for hire.

As part of the hiring process, applicants for positions in the Nevada System of Higher Education may be required to demonstrate the ability to perform job-related tasks.

DRI employs only U.S. citizens and aliens authorized to work in the U.S. DRI only sponsors aliens applying for research faculty or postdoctoral fellow positions (J-1 or H-1B Visas).

All applicants hired by the Desert Research Institute are subject to E-Verify.",3.7,"Desert Research Institute
3.7","Reno, NV",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1959,Nonprofit Organization,Colleges & Universities,Education,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
154,"Data Scientist II, Product Analytics",$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity


At Livongo, data is at the heart of our culture of innovation. We're looking for a Data Science analytics team member to collaborate with Product Management and Marketing as we work toward optimizing our UX and messaging.

As a Data Scientist, Product Analytics your main focus will be to measure member experience and guide product decisions, ultimately making Livongo's products more valuable, delightful and intuitive to our Members. We're looking for someone with at least 2 years of experience in Data Analytics. In addition to technical data science skills, core competencies such as collaboration, decision-making, communication and flexibility will be key to your success.

This role offers the challenge and excitement of converting data analysis into real-life benefits. Come help us break new ground, while measurably improving lives and saving millions in healthcare costs.

Responsibilities
Provide insights about our products and member experience to inform Product teams for roadmap and feature decisions
Conduct exploratory analysis and develop statistical models to answer key product usage and engagement questions
Help Product and Marketing teams use experimentation (A/B testing) and cohorting to test assumptions and launch new marketing campaigns, features and product releases
Partner with Product teams to define and benchmark metrics for new features launches and initiatives and help create a culture of measurement
Candidate Profile
2+ years of work experience in product/data analytics or a related discipline
Data science experience (SQL, Python, R) and familiarity with managing large data sets
A general knowledge of machine learning approaches is a plus.
The ability to collaborate and communicate with Product Managers and help them craft hypotheses, and define and measure KPIs
Confidence working with ambiguity, unknown variables, and missing context (and the ability to find ways to bridge those gaps when necessary)
A self-starter approach, with strong motivation and drive for excellence
BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related filed in lieu of degree, relevant work experience and/or trade school
Why Join Livongo?


The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

#LivongoIPO #appliedhealthsignals

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.",4.7,"Livongo
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
155,Senior Data Engineer,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Data Warehouse team is looking to add a Senior Data Engineer. Qualified applicants will have 5-7 years’ experience in a Data Engineer position with a background supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency, and workload management. Ideal candidates will be experts in Talend, Python, Snowflake, CID and SQL.

Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job duties
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, including building a data pipeline infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL , cloud based relational or non-relational databases employing Talend, and/or scripting languages like Perl/Python
Build complex data platforms, and large scale CI/CD data pipelines utilizing a variety of technologies (REST APIs, Teamcity, Jennkis) and cloud databases (Snowflake)
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements, including automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in the organization’s data integration platform
Collaborate with technical staff to identify, learn, and understand software problems
Follow established configuration/change control processes
Identify options for potential solutions and assessing them for both technical and business suitability
Work closely with peers, stakeholders, and end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction
Essential Skills
A minimum of 5 years of developing ETL processes using Talendnformatica including the processing of NoSQL and JSON formats. Talend Certification preferred.
Strong skills with Ant, Maven, GIT, Jenkins, TeamCity.
Experience in writing Jenkins, Teamcity pipeline groovy, PowerShell scripts
Strong skills in source code repository tools such as Clear Case, SVN, CVS, and Git.
Advanced working knowledge in scripting languages, including Python, Perl and Shell.
Deep understanding of ETL, ELT, Talend, Informatica, Hadoop
Demonstrate independence, creativity, and initiative; as well as the ability to master the company's product architecture and its business goals
Experience in working in an Agile project management environment
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills
Superb verbal and written communication skills
Location: San Jose, CA 95134

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position",3.4,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.4","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
156,SAP Data Analyst,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:
The SAP Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data and the ERP architecture to support business intelligence. In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies and controls to ensure enterprise data is accurate, complete, secure and reliable. The SAP Data Analyst will oversee data structures, design the ERP reporting strategy and provide system training. The SAP Data Analyst will ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the process to support the data quality. The analyst must be proficient with SAP reporting tools and willing to keep up with industry trends for continuous improvement.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Define reporting requirements and analyze data for business intelligence and systems integration.
• Establish enterprise master data requirements and troubleshoot issues with cross-functional teams.
• Consults with users to develop an understanding of business needs and support those needs using application and tools.
• Manage production support activities for all user requests using Exelixis’ ticketing system.
• Utilizes Exelixis IT department policies, methodologies, standards and guidelines with regard to systems development and/or software package selection.
• Manages business and technical subject matter experts to implement and maintain systems.
• Conducts research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
• Maintain current and create new system documentation as needed; coordinates with Finance Systems Analyst to perform testing of system modifications.
• Develops or coordinates system training including educational tools and materials.
• Maintains regulated systems and audit IT general controls for compliance (SOX, 21 CFR Part 11).
• Generates and maintains computer system’s validation documentation, if required.
• Project management of system upgrades and implementations.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and seven years of related experience;
• MA/MS degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and five years of related experience;
• Equivalent combination of education ad SAP reporting experience in an active support role.

Experience:
• Financial background is strongly encouraged as this position will need to have a good understanding of financial concepts and reporting requirements.
• Seven years working experience with SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP BW. Experience in report design and analyzing data structures is required.
• S/4 HANA, SAP Analytics for Office and other add-in reporting experience, such as Tableau, is strongly desired.
• Experience authoring and/or executing functional specification documents.
• Experience participating in audits for GxP or SOX compliance preferred
• Experience with GxP Validated Computer Systems is preferred.
• Experience in drug discovery, pharmaceutical or related industry is preferred.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Applies solid analytical and business communication skills.
• Strong financial reporting background and knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Identifies and implements methods and procedures to achieve results.
• Ability to lead the work of other by providing guidance to teams based on organizational goals and company policy, with responsibility for results, including costs and methods.
• Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles (SDLC), theories, concepts and techniques.
• Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
• Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
157,Healthcare Data Analyst,$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Xtend Healthcare, established in 2009, is seeking professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young) within its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice. These full-time positions offer a competitive salary and an attractive benefits package. The positions are long-term with no scheduled end date. Many current Xtend Healthcare employees have been contracted in similar roles at EY for multiple years -- some well over a decade.

EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. EY is looking to expand its existing team of Xtend Healthcare data analysts. Xtend Healthcare employees who act in these contracted roles have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. Some individuals do occasionally travel for work, but travel is not required by all. Candidates are expected to work daily in EY's downtown Indianapolis, Indiana office location.

EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills, healthcare industry knowledge, and consulting skills through on-the-job training. The services provided include assisting their clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs.

We are seeking qualified candidates for ourHealthcare Data Analystposition. This position will work with our client's proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

JOB SUMMARY:

1. Analyze large volumes of hospital data.

2. Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
3. Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.

4. Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
2+ years experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended.
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH and/or Medicare bad debts, is a significant advantage.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel (required) with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience (recommended).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment.
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts.
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities.
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies.
Willingness to travel occasionally (plus).
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.3,"Navient
3.3","Indianapolis, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
158,"Principal Scientist / Team Lead, Medicinal Chemistry",$106k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity
Does delivering a great small molecule hit, lead or development candidate thrill you? We get excited, too, and we are building the best environment in the industry to discover the drugs that will make a difference for patients. We are looking for a self-motivated, experienced Medicinal Chemist to join our team and to help drive projects from lead generation through candidate selection in a highly collaborative environment.
We take what we do seriously, but we don’t take ourselves too seriously. You’ll have fun in our collaborative and energetic environment where you’ll face new challenges every day.
If you are flexible and fearless in the face of rapidly evolving data, then we want you to join us and discover the next generation of innovative therapeutics based on protein motion!
Your Role
You will apply your drug hunting expertise to leading teams and developing strategy across the spectrum of drug discovery, from hit validation to development candidate selection. You will work closely and collaboratively in a multi-disciplinary team of computational chemists, biophysicists, cell and molecular biologists, pharmacologists, and DMPK specialists. You see how all the aspects of compound performance are necessary to make it a drug, and you can communicate that effectively to your discovery partners.
You will work with chemists at Relay as well as with teams at CROs to advance your projects.
You will contribute to the chemistry team’s development of a platform for efficient project execution by identifying and establishing collaborations with both academic and industry partners to expand our capabilities. Internally, you will help drive the implementation of cutting-edge in silico methods of compound design and data analysis to facilitate rapid SAR decision making.
Your Background
You were educated in chemistry with an emphasis on synthetic organic chemistry, synthetic methodology or a related field.
You have 7+ years of relevant biotech and/or pharmaceutical industry experience in medicinal chemistry, with an emphasis on small molecule drug discovery.
You have participated in the delivery of clinical candidates from discovery into development, and your track record of excellence is supported by high impact, peer-reviewed publications and/or patents. You have led or are ready to lead a team and make critical decisions on the SAR direction.
Our current portfolio is oncology-focused, so experience in this therapeutic area and related targets is a strong plus.
You are comfortable enabling your compound design with in silico predictive tools and structure-based drug design.
You have strong communication skills, can flex to different work styles, and believe that the best outcomes result from bringing out the creativity of your colleagues.
You are committed to building an energetic, collaborative and open company culture and contributing to the company’s success.


We believe in building balanced teams and a place where our people can be their best self every day. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds to apply.

Relay Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law.

Our Culture:
At Relay Tx, we believe that along with our people, our culture is our greatest asset. In fact we're proud to share we were named as one of the Boston Business Journal's ""Best Places to Work"" in 2017, the #1 place for small companies in 2018 & the #2 place for small companies in 2019. To drive that culture, no one will stop you or hold you back. Instead, we will give you the tools and colleagues to push forward relentlessly and cheer you on as you go. If this resonates with you, drop us a line.

About Relay Therapeutics
Relay Therapeutics is a clinical-stage precision medicines company transforming the drug discovery process with the goal of bringing life-changing therapies to patients. Built on unparalleled insights into protein motion and how this dynamic behavior relates to protein function, we aim to effectively drug protein targets that have previously been intractable, with an initial focus on enhancing small molecule therapeutic discovery in targeted oncology. Our Dynamo platform integrates an array of leading-edge experimental and computational approaches to provide a differentiated understanding of protein structure and motion to drug these targets. We have built a world-class team of leading experts from each of these disciplines, and they are driven by a deep collaboration at every step of our drug discovery process.
Our team is equal parts fearless and relentless, with a shared passion for working collaboratively in intellectually stimulating environments. If you’re excited by the challenge of putting protein motion at the heart of drug discovery and passionate about making a difference in the lives of patients, join us!",5.0,"Relay Therapeutics
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
159,Principal Data Scientist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Figure

At Figure, we're on a mission to transform financial services through blockchain, bringing speed, efficiency and savings to both consumers and institutions.

Accomplishing this kind of transformation requires building really big things. And we understand that building big requires a creative, team oriented and supportive environment where everyone can do their absolute best work. The Figure team is comprised of incredibly driven, innovative, collaborative and curious people who love architecting and building from scratch. Everyone at the company is encouraged to be an individual contributor but also a team collaborator.

We value team members who bring an entrepreneurial mindset to every task and will embrace our culture of innovation. Every day at Figure is a journey in continuous learning yet a daily focus on getting work done that makes a difference.

This is an opportunity to work with a team of proven leaders who have already created billions of dollars in value in the Fintech space. Join us!

About the Role

Each member of the Data team plays an integral part of what we are building at Figure. We rely on advanced techniques in machine learning, cloud platforms and big data to drive decisions across the organization. If you are interested in working with an impressive team of Data pros who collaborate and challenge each other, and want to solve interesting problems to propel the company's growth, apply now!

What You'll Do
Develop custom models and algorithms to apply to large datasets, as well as, processes for monitoring and analyzing their performance.
Mine and analyze data from different resources, and use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, customer acquisition, underwriting and other business outcomes.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business decisions.
Understand and apply proper risk framework to your analysis and modeling.
Collaborate cross functionally to implement models and monitor outcomes.
What We Look For
8+ years of hands on Data Science experience building Models and partnering with stakeholders to make business decisions
Credit and Risk modeling experience in consumer finance
Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on translating real-life problems into a concrete model development strategy. Blend academic rigor with a sense of pragmatism for rapidly prototyping and delivering solutions.
Experienced in using Python for analysis and modeling (TensorFlow is a big plus)
Experience applying a wide range of statistical techniques to large data sets, and understanding their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Experience using web services (AWS, GCP), and distributed data/computing tools (Spark, Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Excellent cross-functional communication skills.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Benefits To You
Competitive salary based on experience and skills
Firm-wide performance based bonus
Competitive stock options package as an early member of the team
A flexible paid time off and vacation policy
Comprehensive health, vision, dental insurance
Company FSA, 401k, work from home benefits
And much more to come!
Figure will not sponsor work visas for this position. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.",4.4,"Figure
4.4",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
160,Data Scientist - Adtech,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"RESPONSIBILITIES:
Kforce is working with a growing tech startup (a well-known firm) that is seeking a Data Scientist in Ann Harbor, Michigan (MI), New York, Fort Worth, and Austin, TX office. This firm is growing across multiple offices. They will consider 100% remote as long as you are located generally in a market local to their office (Austin, Fort Worth, Ann Arbor, MI, New York).

Data Scientist:
Are you passionate about development in leading technologies? Are you looking to become a major player on a diverse team in your next career adventure? The Data Scientists drive innovation by embracing challenges and leveraging decision science to solve complex problems in AdTech. In this position, you will be responsible for designing, building, and deploying complex systems to model and glean useful insights from billions of rows of data. You will inform decisions based on complex statistical modeling using machine learning, optimizing and forecasting algorithms powered by industry-leading technologies. Candidates for this role may be based out of Fort Worth, TX; Austin, TX; Ann Arbor, MI; or New York, NY.

Duties:
Build production grade models on large-scale datasets to optimize marketing performance by utilizing advanced statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining techniques and marketing science research
Use models to address key growth challenges and provide meaningful insights on problems such as cross-channel optimization, targeting optimization, and A/B testing
Provide thought leadership in applying innovative machine learning techniques to solve complex data science problems
Work with cross-functional teams to implement and improve data-driven solutions
Use large scale data processing such as Spark, Hive, and machine learning platforms
Collaborate with marketing leadership, design, product and engineering teams
Participate in project planning/prioritization meetings, partner meetings, etc.
REQUIREMENTS:
Preferably, you have an advanced degree in Statistics, Engineering or related field
Minimum of 5 years of working experience as a data scientist
You have demonstrated expertise with Python (preferred) or R
You have worked extensively with machine learning techniques and advanced analytics (e.g. time series, regression, neural networks, econometrics, causal inference, mathematical optimization
You have advanced SQL skills - comfortable working with very large data sets
Preferably, you have experience with big data using technologies like Hadoop, Hive, and Spark
We offer a superb package including 100% medical paid for the entire family, a 100% Match on 401K and lots of other perks.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Kforce
4.1","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1966,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
161,"Data Scientist II, Product Analytics",$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity


At Livongo, data is at the heart of our culture of innovation. We're looking for a Data Science analytics team member to collaborate with Product Management and Marketing as we work toward optimizing our UX and messaging.

As a Data Scientist, Product Analytics your main focus will be to measure member experience and guide product decisions, ultimately making Livongo's products more valuable, delightful and intuitive to our Members. We're looking for someone with at least 2 years of experience in Data Analytics. In addition to technical data science skills, core competencies such as collaboration, decision-making, communication and flexibility will be key to your success.

This role offers the challenge and excitement of converting data analysis into real-life benefits. Come help us break new ground, while measurably improving lives and saving millions in healthcare costs.

Responsibilities
Provide insights about our products and member experience to inform Product teams for roadmap and feature decisions
Conduct exploratory analysis and develop statistical models to answer key product usage and engagement questions
Help Product and Marketing teams use experimentation (A/B testing) and cohorting to test assumptions and launch new marketing campaigns, features and product releases
Partner with Product teams to define and benchmark metrics for new features launches and initiatives and help create a culture of measurement
Candidate Profile
2+ years of work experience in product/data analytics or a related discipline
Data science experience (SQL, Python, R) and familiarity with managing large data sets
A general knowledge of machine learning approaches is a plus.
The ability to collaborate and communicate with Product Managers and help them craft hypotheses, and define and measure KPIs
Confidence working with ambiguity, unknown variables, and missing context (and the ability to find ways to bridge those gaps when necessary)
A self-starter approach, with strong motivation and drive for excellence
BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related filed in lieu of degree, relevant work experience and/or trade school
Why Join Livongo?


The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

#LivongoIPO #appliedhealthsignals

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.",4.7,"Livongo
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
162,Big Data Engineer - Chicago - Future Opportunity,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"ABOUT US

Are you ready to transform an industry? At Centro we are building a comprehensive tech platform that radically increases efficiencies and impact across businesses, teams, and campaigns. Our clients can run all their digital business through Basis, with robust business intelligence, workflow automation, search and social integrations, and the number one rated DSP.
We’re taking the digital advertising world by storm and are proud to be headquartered in the rapidly growing tech hub of Chicago, with offices that span across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and London. Join us in our mission to improve the lives of everyone working in the industry!
WHY WORK WITH US?
At Centro, we believe that lasting success is achieved through continual dedication to the growth and well-being of the individual. Our people are the core of what makes Centro unique. Driven by the Centro Manifesto and our guiding principles, we look to hire the best and brightest minds—curious, passionate learners who are driven to create impact.
We are committed to building a culture of highly motivated individuals who create a positive and supportive environment together. When we work hard, stay focused, and act in service to others, we believe that anything is possible. Come grow with us!

ABOUT THE TEAM

Technology is at the core of what we do. Centro’s innovative Engineering team designs and develops new features and integrations for Basis, our industry-leading, comprehensive software solution. Our platform processes over 300 billion events per day and uses AI and machine learning to automate and simplify the entire digital campaign process.

This team is all about data—and in order to create value from the massive amount of data we collect, engineering leverages their dynamic Data Engineering, Data Science, and Business Intelligence teams to create insights that benefit the industry as a whole.

Our Tech Stack:
• Ruby, Java, Python, and React.js
• Kubernetes, Docker, Kafka
• PostgreSQL, NoSQL
• AWS

ABOUT THE ROLE

We are looking for engineers who are excited about building distributed data pipelines. We want you to help us shape our internal and external brand-new data warehouses, leveraging the latest advances of big data processing: a combination of Kafka Streams, Hadoop, and traditional RDBMS.
YOU WILL
Be a part of our Big Data team and of an overall Data Organization spanning multiple offices.
Participate in architecture discussions and bring your experience in scalable data pipelines using Kafka Streams and/or other Big Data tools.
Take ownership of design and implementation of scalable and fault tolerant projects.
Maintain and incrementally improve existing solutions.
Get to build brand new pipelines with the technology stack including Spark, Spark Structured Streaming, Kafka, Hadoop, MySql, Python.
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR
Solid understanding of distributed system fundamentals.
Experience in developing, troubleshooting, diagnosing, and performance tuning of distributed data pipelines at scale.
Demonstrated professional experience working with various components of Big Data ecosystem: Spark/Spark Streaming, Hive, Kafka/KSQL, Hadoop (or similar NoSQL ecosystem), et. al, in a production system.
Strong software engineering skills with Python.
Knowledge of some flavor of SQL (MySQL, Oracle, Hive, Impala), including the fundamentals of data modeling and performance.
EVEN BETTER IF YOU HAVE
Skills in real-time streaming applications.
Knowledge of Scala.
A development workflow using Docker containers.
Compulsion for automating your day-to-day processes.
WHAT WE OFFER
Ability to see your direct impact on a high visibility project.
An opportunity to both create new projects and help improve the existing big data pipelines.
Work in a mature, private, nationally-known company with a CEO approval of 90% on Glassdoor and a positive atmosphere in our San Francisco tech team.
401K plan with employer matching.
Commuter pre-tax contributions.
Flexible working hours and work-from-home days.
Health plan.
In-office snacks.
Organized team events.
LIFE WITH CENTRO

We take care of our people. Our team has put together a thoughtful benefits package and provides a wide range of perks, including competitive 401k matching, a tax-free health savings account, tuition reimbursement, generous maternity/paternity leave, and more.

Aside from benefits, we’re always finding new ways to invest in the personal and professional growth our employees. We’re proud to support a variety of employee-led communities that enrich our culture of uniqueness, inclusivity, and empowerment. Centro is more than a workplace.

Centro is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and support an inclusive workplace diverse in thought, perspective and culture. We celebrate all team members regardless of gender/identity, sexual orientation, race or cultural background, religion, physical disability and age. We are better together.",3.9,"Centro
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
163,"Risk Specialist, Data Science - Suptech",$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview

Financial Institution Supervision and Credit (FISC) at the Federal Reserve
Bank of San Francisco supervises financial institutions, and service providers
to financial institutions, in the 12th Federal Reserve District. Our mission is
to ensure a safe, sound, and accessible financial system. The Suptech (ST) Team
within the Risk, Policy, and Analysis Group directly supports FISC’s strategic
objective of deepening our knowledge of, and thought leadership in, the
utilization of new and evolving technologies in our supervisory programs and
examination processes. This cross-disciplinary team of developers and/or data
scientists collaborates with colleagues throughout FISC to identify product
development opportunities, design solutions, and facilitate their implementation.
ST additionally has education, outreach
and advocacy responsibilities on the use of technology in supervision.

Job Summary

The Risk Specialist, Data Science for Suptech plays an essential role in
supporting FISC’s supervision objectives and functions. We are looking for a
subject matter expert with data science expertise to support assessment and
monitoring of risk at supervised institutions.
You will lead or provide critical input to the identification,
prioritization, and development of applied data science opportunities across
FISC, with a focus on the Regional, Community and Foreign Examinations Group.
Additionally, you will work closely with multiple stakeholders throughout the
Bank to support the overall Mission, and to deliver on FISC’s vision for
developing and implementing innovative solutions, powered by data and machine
learning and integral to the risk assessment, supervisory program, and
examination processes.

Key
responsibilities include:
Develop or build
upon already existing expertise around machine learning applications, as well
as supervisory examination, risk assessment, and risk monitoring processes, to
help lead developing methods for applying data mining, NLP, and machine
learning to improve the Division’s analytical and supervisory capabilities.
Collect and
direct, perform, or support analysis of data to generate and test working hypotheses,
conduct thorough assessments, and draw actionable recommendations to be used by
examination team(s) and a broader Reserve Bank audience.
Direct and/or build
data ingestion processes to prepare, extract, and enrich a variety of both
structured and unstructured data sources such as news, internal/external
documents, external financial information, and confidential supervisory
information.
Develop, document
& maintain statistical, financial and/or econometric models to analyze
capital, asset quality, earnings, liquidity risk exposure, or other
sophisticated concepts, including non-financial risk, at banking institutions.
Direct, or provide
analytical support to, the development of innovative solutions leveraging
emerging technologies to address evolving needs of supervision and examination
management and staff, with a particular focus on identifying, measuring,
monitoring, and mitigating existing risk and emerging risk concerns, or improving
efficiencies in supervisory program or examination processes.
Collaborate with
business partners across FRBSF and FISC to prioritize requirements in the risk,
supervision and data science domains.
Position Requirements
Bachelor's
and Master's Degree preferably in Business/Finance or an analytical field such
as Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science with a minimum of 3+
years of related experience to include:
3+ years of
experience in a data science/modeler role specifically focused on risk, banking
supervision, and/or financial regulation.
2+ years of
experience in working at financial regulatory institutions with large datasets
to build models and algorithms with open source technologies as part
supervisory and/or risk assessment processes.
Established
ability to work with large structured and unstructured financial data sets and
have the required statistical skills to analyze and prepare them for modeling
and algorithm development.
Knowledge of
the banking industry and related supervision and regulation framework
Proficiency
and applied experience in quantitative risk modeling, including the use of
modeling software.
Ability to
analyze and interpret quantitative financial information, including but not
limited to balance sheet data and market data.
Strong
statistical modelling and programming skills in R or Python
Proficiency
in SQL – able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets.
Comfortable
working in a loosely structured organization on a tight schedule.
Strong
written and verbal communication and presentation skills including ability to
effectively share results with both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience
with data visualization packages (e.g. ggplot2, plotly); experience building
interactive dashboards and apps (e.g. Shiny) is a plus but not required.
Familiarity
with model development lifecycle, and in particular model validation processes
(e.g. SR 11-7).
We are looking for candidates
that exhibit these behavioral competencies: analytical thinking, innovation,
communication for results, flexibility, initiative, collaboration, and risk
management.

The Federal Reserve Bank of
San Francisco believes in the diversity of our people, ideas, and experiences
and are committed to building an inclusive culture that is representative of
the communities we serve.

We will ensure that
individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to
participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential
job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.

The Federal Reserve Bank of
San Francisco is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",3.6,"Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1913,Government,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
164,Data Engineer,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Data Engineer to provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The candidate will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Skills Requirements:
The successful candidate should have experience with scripting in Python and using Nifi. Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS is preferred or willingness to learn.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality.
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS. Ability to communicate analysis to experts and lay persons alike.
Years of Experience: Minimum of 3 years experience.

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's degree in computer science, geography, or related field.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems
4.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
165,SAP Data Analyst,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:
The SAP Data Analyst is responsible for analyzing data and the ERP architecture to support business intelligence. In collaboration with subject matter experts and data stewards, defines and implements data strategy, policies and controls to ensure enterprise data is accurate, complete, secure and reliable. The SAP Data Analyst will oversee data structures, design the ERP reporting strategy and provide system training. The SAP Data Analyst will ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the process to support the data quality. The analyst must be proficient with SAP reporting tools and willing to keep up with industry trends for continuous improvement.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Define reporting requirements and analyze data for business intelligence and systems integration.
• Establish enterprise master data requirements and troubleshoot issues with cross-functional teams.
• Consults with users to develop an understanding of business needs and support those needs using application and tools.
• Manage production support activities for all user requests using Exelixis’ ticketing system.
• Utilizes Exelixis IT department policies, methodologies, standards and guidelines with regard to systems development and/or software package selection.
• Manages business and technical subject matter experts to implement and maintain systems.
• Conducts research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
• Maintain current and create new system documentation as needed; coordinates with Finance Systems Analyst to perform testing of system modifications.
• Develops or coordinates system training including educational tools and materials.
• Maintains regulated systems and audit IT general controls for compliance (SOX, 21 CFR Part 11).
• Generates and maintains computer system’s validation documentation, if required.
• Project management of system upgrades and implementations.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and seven years of related experience;
• MA/MS degree in Computer Science and/or business-related discipline and five years of related experience;
• Equivalent combination of education ad SAP reporting experience in an active support role.

Experience:
• Financial background is strongly encouraged as this position will need to have a good understanding of financial concepts and reporting requirements.
• Seven years working experience with SAP Analytics Cloud and SAP BW. Experience in report design and analyzing data structures is required.
• S/4 HANA, SAP Analytics for Office and other add-in reporting experience, such as Tableau, is strongly desired.
• Experience authoring and/or executing functional specification documents.
• Experience participating in audits for GxP or SOX compliance preferred
• Experience with GxP Validated Computer Systems is preferred.
• Experience in drug discovery, pharmaceutical or related industry is preferred.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Applies solid analytical and business communication skills.
• Strong financial reporting background and knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Identifies and implements methods and procedures to achieve results.
• Ability to lead the work of other by providing guidance to teams based on organizational goals and company policy, with responsibility for results, including costs and methods.
• Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles (SDLC), theories, concepts and techniques.
• Performs a variety of complicated tasks with a wide degree of creativity and latitude.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• Exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts and company policies and procedures to solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways.
• Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
166,Advanced Computer Scientist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Advanced Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a detailed software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Advanced Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software environment containing code in Python, MATLAB, C/C++ and Java. A strong CS background is needed and experience in cloud computing and machine learning are very desirable. Good communication skills, with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Master’s degree and 5+ years applied and relevant experience or Bachelor’s degree and 7+ years’ experience
Demonstrated capability in scientific programming of high-level language such as C/C++on Unix/Linux platforms
Working knowledge of high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Experience with interfacing extensive C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
167,Senior Healthcare Data Analyst,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary*
The Senior Healthcare Data Analyst position involves programming, data mining and analysis of healthcare data with an emphasis on medical economics, clinical and financial reporting.

An inquisitive and detail oriented mind and a passion for using data and analytics to drive results

is critical to the success of this position.
Essential Functions*
Analyze medical cost and utilization trends is support of medical economics and population health initiatives supporting our ACO
Work with key business owners to establish and meet their analytic needs and the analytic needs of the organization
Execute the various outcome and predictive analytic studies that support MHN’s model of care.
Management, maintenance, and design of integration strategies regarding eligibility and empanelment including data quality, reporting and retention initiatives.
Assist with the design, development, and maintenance of the Analytic DataMart including quality checks, identifying data issues and working with partners to create solutions
Complete a variety of clinical and financial client ad hoc analyses in an efficient and timely manner.
Developing and using risk models for comparative analysis and patient stratification
Work with IT teams to operationalize analytic and reporting innovations
Conduct analysis to support Shared Savings and other key improvement programs
Develop actionable dashboards and reports to support care management and ACO operations
Competencies*
Must be analytical, detail oriented, and a problem solver
Expertise in data manipulation, analysis, and presentation
Advanced knowledge of medical claims, pharmacy, and eligibility data
Ability to work independently on multiple projects. Must have strong organization and time management skills
Experience with risk adjustment methodologies and predictive analytics
Experience developing visualizations and working with BI tools
Experience developing medical performance metrics and clinical quality measures (Physician Scorecards, HEDIS, PQRS, etc.)
Required Experience*
Minimum 4 years of professional experience in a data analytics role within healthcare (payer, provider, consulting)
4 – 10 years of experience using Base SAS, SAS/Macros, and SQL
Required Education*
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, public health, information systems, computer science, or a comparable program with a quantitative emphasis. Master’s degree preferred.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
data analytics in healthcare field: 4 years (Required)
SAS work: 4 years (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Other
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Medical Home Network,"Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
168,Principal Scientist/Director-Immunology,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Scismic *is supporting the growth of an early stage venture backed biotechnology company creating novel RNA Therapeutics!

We are seeking an exceptional researcher to join our team as a Principal Scientist or Director to join a team to design and evaluate candidate therapies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases. The ideal candidate is an immunologist with molecular and/or cellular training with experience in using gain-of-function techniques (transgenes, gene therapy, gene editing) to engineer immune cells to create therapeutic candidates. They will be able to lead a scientific team; possess strong oral and written communication capabilities; demonstrate excellent collaboration & interpersonal skills for matrix-based and extra-mural interactions; and be adept at problem solving in a dynamic environment.

*Responsibilities*
Lead a team of scientists to expand our therapeutic pipeline by:
-Evaluating oRNA constructs to express proteins of interestEvaluation oRNA constructs and formulation in relevant human and animal cell lines
-Evaluation oRNA constructs and formulations in in-house animal modelsAs needed, lead collaborations with extramural groups (CROs or academics) to design and execute evaluation of candidate oRNA formulations in established animal models.
-Actively participate within project teams and collaborate across interdisciplinary R&D programs.
-Independently design rigorous experiments, interpret data, and communicate findings in well-articulated presentations.
-Contribute to a positive and exciting work environment, contributing to a strong, entrepreneurial and creative culture.

*Qualifications*
-Passionate, adaptable scientist looking to make an impact in a biotech startup environment.
-PhD or equivalent in immunology with 5+ years of postgraduate research experience in the pharmaceutical or biotech industry.
-Proven track record of scientific excellence as demonstrated by publications and/or patents.
-Expertise leading teams in the following areas: Molecular mechanisms of immuno-oncology and/or autoimmunity
-Engineering immune cell effector or regulatory function (ideally both)
-Animal models of cancer and autoimmune diseaseNew modality therapies, such as RNA, gene therapy or gene editingProtein and nucleic acid manipulation

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* Dental insurance
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday

Work Remotely:
* No",-1,Scismic,"Cambridge, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
169,Principal Scientist/Director-Immunology,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Scismic *is supporting the growth of an early stage venture backed biotechnology company creating novel RNA Therapeutics!

We are seeking an exceptional researcher to join our team as a Principal Scientist or Director to join a team to design and evaluate candidate therapies for the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases. The ideal candidate is an immunologist with molecular and/or cellular training with experience in using gain-of-function techniques (transgenes, gene therapy, gene editing) to engineer immune cells to create therapeutic candidates. They will be able to lead a scientific team; possess strong oral and written communication capabilities; demonstrate excellent collaboration & interpersonal skills for matrix-based and extra-mural interactions; and be adept at problem solving in a dynamic environment.

*Responsibilities*
Lead a team of scientists to expand our therapeutic pipeline by:
-Evaluating oRNA constructs to express proteins of interestEvaluation oRNA constructs and formulation in relevant human and animal cell lines
-Evaluation oRNA constructs and formulations in in-house animal modelsAs needed, lead collaborations with extramural groups (CROs or academics) to design and execute evaluation of candidate oRNA formulations in established animal models.
-Actively participate within project teams and collaborate across interdisciplinary R&D programs.
-Independently design rigorous experiments, interpret data, and communicate findings in well-articulated presentations.
-Contribute to a positive and exciting work environment, contributing to a strong, entrepreneurial and creative culture.

*Qualifications*
-Passionate, adaptable scientist looking to make an impact in a biotech startup environment.
-PhD or equivalent in immunology with 5+ years of postgraduate research experience in the pharmaceutical or biotech industry.
-Proven track record of scientific excellence as demonstrated by publications and/or patents.
-Expertise leading teams in the following areas: Molecular mechanisms of immuno-oncology and/or autoimmunity
-Engineering immune cell effector or regulatory function (ideally both)
-Animal models of cancer and autoimmune diseaseNew modality therapies, such as RNA, gene therapy or gene editingProtein and nucleic acid manipulation

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* Dental insurance
* Health insurance
* Paid time off
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday

Work Remotely:
* No",4.1,Scismic,"Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1879,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$10+ billion (USD),-1
170,Data Scientist/Machine Learning Expert,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"26-Aug-2020

Job ID
301660BR
{""QuestionName"":""Job Description"",""AnswerValue"":""ONE Global Discovery Chemistry Community working across 7 disease areas at the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR) is seeking a hardworking and motivated Data Scientist to join our Computer-Aided Drug Discovery (CADD) Department in Cambridge, MA. The successful candidate will join an energizing and collaborative research organization, working alongside colleagues who are dedicated to improving human health through the discovery of transformative medicines.

We are seeking an outstanding data scientist with the skills, experience and passion to extract new knowledge and ground-breaking insights from the expanded body of data collected by one of the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies. You will be a member of our global CADD group, an interdisciplinary team of expert molecular modelers, cheminformaticians, and data scientists. Teamed up with domain specialists from biology, chemistry and translational medicine, this is a unique opportunity to develop and apply cutting-edge machine learning technologies to uncover insights to real-world drug discovery problems and innovate paths to transformative medicines.

What you'll do:
Develop and implement approaches for extracting patterns and correlations from both internal and external data sources using machine learning toolkits
Develop workflows for conducting comparative analysis among Novartis’ diverse data sources as well as generalizing approaches crafted in-house or externally.
Enable open-source solutions for internal use and implement cutting-edge published scientific methods.
Develop customized machine learning solutions including data querying and knowledge extraction.
Interact and be part of matrixed project teams to drive effective decision-making by mining and developing predictive models
Develop skills in the area of cheminformatics and drug discovery and improve those to accelerate development of novel machine learning algorithms
Know the latest breakthroughs in scientific literature and interact with scientists to integrate data science technologies
Posting Title
Data Scientist/Machine Learning Expert",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
171,Healthcare Data Analyst,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Xtend Healthcare, established in 2009, is seeking professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young) within its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice. These full-time positions offer a competitive salary and an attractive benefits package. The positions are long-term with no scheduled end date. Many current Xtend Healthcare employees have been contracted in similar roles at EY for multiple years -- some well over a decade.

EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. EY is looking to expand its existing team of Xtend Healthcare data analysts. Xtend Healthcare employees who act in these contracted roles have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. Some individuals do occasionally travel for work, but travel is not required by all. Candidates are expected to work daily in EY's downtown Indianapolis, Indiana office location.

EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills, healthcare industry knowledge, and consulting skills through on-the-job training. The services provided include assisting their clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs.

We are seeking qualified candidates for ourHealthcare Data Analystposition. This position will work with our client's proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

JOB SUMMARY:

1. Analyze large volumes of hospital data.

2. Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
3. Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.

4. Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
2+ years experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended.
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH and/or Medicare bad debts, is a significant advantage.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel (required) with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience (recommended).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment.
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts.
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities.
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies.
Willingness to travel occasionally (plus).
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.3,"Navient
3.3","Indianapolis, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
172,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SIGNAL PROCESSING,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate and work in a dynamic team environment, developing and testing software for various types of aircraft. Participate in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Will be responsible for requirements analysis, software design, coding, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Develop new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (must have focus in Computer Science) with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience or coursework with software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the basic knowledge of solid software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing; software/hardware integration and software documentation. Exposure to embedded real-time application development as well as cyber detection will be considered. Experience with Python and/or Java desirable. Exposure to agile methodologies, software engineering practices, requirements analysis, or software design is desirable. Excellent technical communications skills are required. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Dayton, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
173,Certified Lab Scientist or Certified Lab Tech,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Prairie Ridge Health is looking for a team member to join or Lab Department in the role of Certified Lab Scientist or Certified Lab Tech. This position is PRN (as needed) and will be responsible for performing general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability...….

POSITION SUMMARY
Lab Scientist

The Medical Technologist performs general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability. The data obtained is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease involving patient of all ages. The Medical Technologist develops and maintains test procedures and protocols, and troubleshoots both technology and sample related problems. (S)he exercises independent judgment and responsibility with minimal supervision. May supervise others in the absence of the Laboratory Supervisor. Makes decisions about the accuracy of test results, instrument operation, specimen suitability, and uses sound clinical judgment in setting the priority of tests/patients

OR

Lab Tech

The Clinical Laboratory Technician I performs general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability. The data obtained is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease involving patient of all ages. The Clinical Laboratory Technician II develops and maintains test procedures and protocols, and troubleshoots both technology and sample related problems. (S)he exercises independent judgment and responsibility with minimal supervision. Makes decisions about the accuracy of test results, instrument operation, specimen suitability, and uses sound clinical judgment in setting the priority of tests/patients.

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS/LICENSURE/CERTIFICATION/REGISTRATION

Lab Scientist

Bachelors’ degree in Medical Technology and graduate of an accredited Medical Technology Program.
Registered or eligible as a Medical Technologist (MT) or Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS) with a national accrediting agency (ASCP) or qualified as a MT/CLS having passed the Federal Equivalence Exam (HEW)
Meets the CLIA 88 requirements for individuals performing highly complex testing
CPR certification

OR

Lab Tech

Associate degree and completion of a 2 year CLT / Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) training program.
Registered or eligible as a Clinical Laboratory Technician or Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) with a national accrediting agency (ASCP).
Meets the CLIA 88 requirements for individuals performing highly complex testing.
A minimum of 1 year experience in a clinical laboratory performing highly complex testing is desired or a recent new graduate of an accredited school.
CPR certification

FTE: PRN (as needed)

Shift: As Needed

Powered by JazzHR

Ly3sHi576B",-1,Prairie Ridge Health,"Columbus, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Hospital,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
174,Machine Learning Engineer,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Machine Learning Engineer*
Are you obsessed with software and machine learning? Looking to work with an awesome team in a modern, successful software company? Geisel Software, based in Worcester, Massachusetts, is a premier software developer that is working with and creating today's hottest software technologies. We are looking for a motivated individual to join our team, learn new technology, and help us build some great software!

Geisel Software develops web, mobile and embedded software, with a focus on robotics, medical devices, and machine learning. We seek a talented individual who is not afraid to work hard, learn something new and get lots of stuff done. We have a helpful staff, but it is also important that you can work independently and solve problems with little outside direction. Your problem-solving skills will be put to the test, whether that means tracking down the answer on Google, or building your own new solution.
Here's what we work with regularly*
TensorFlow and OpenCV
Robotic Simulation with ROS, RVIZ, and Unreal Engine
LAMP - Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP
iPhone/Android application development
Embedded Development in C/C++ (Arm or x86)
Web Frontend (AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Scripting Languages (Python, BASH, or other)
Web Technologies - HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON
Linux - As a user at least, but also administration and kernel development
Web Frameworks - Django, Codeigniter
Agile and Waterfall design methodologies
Embedded platforms (Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, OMAP, etc.)
Here’s what we require*
You're passionate about software development -- it's what you do even in your free time.
1 - ∞ years of experience with C, C++ and/or Python.
Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field (PHD highly preferred).
Willingness and ability to write software as part of a team as well as work on ground-breaking machine learning IP. This role will be a mix of both!
Good software foundational skills: CS theory; clean, well-documented code; collaborative style; solid algorithms understanding; mastery of more than one language.
An aptitude for learning new platforms and technologies on the fly. We’re constantly working on new projects that will push you and keep you always learning new technologies.
Able to take ownership of a project and independently architect, execute and troubleshoot it through completion and customer delivery.
Actively pursuing new knowledge and technologies. If you’re a web frontend guru, are you building your backend skills? If you’re an embedded developer, are you developing apps for Android or iOS?
Already comfortable on Linux. You can be a Windows/Mac pro, but you'll be doing at least 50% of your development on Linux. You should be comfortable with that.
Willing to commute to Worcester, MA (Note: Ability to temporarily work remotely during this trying time of COVID-19).
Looking for full-time employment.
Must be a US Person.
Here’s what we would prefer*
ROS or other robot operating system experience.
An educational focus in Machine Learning and Data Science.
Published work in the field of machine learning.
Robotic simulation and 3D game engine knowledge (Godot, Unreal, Unity, RVIZ, Drake).
Any experience with physical modeling would be a plus.
What you’ll get*
An opportunity to work with the latest technologies across a variety of platforms.
A fun, exciting work environment focused on the results, not the politics.
An experienced team and mentor who can help you grow in your craft and career.
A position with a growing company, offering competitive benefits and salary.
Apply now*
E-mail us at *jobs*@*geisel.software* and *include your resume and a brief cover letter* explaining why you think you'd be a great fit at Geisel Software. We'd love to hear about what you've done with technologies we're using, or other projects you've worked on. What do you think you’re really good at and why? What have you done outside your current job to improve your craft? Why do you think you’d be a great fit?

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.geisel-software.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Geisel Software
5.0","Worcester, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
175,Sr. Data Engineer,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team of Data Consultants and work on dynamic long-term projects. The majority of our team members are long-term employees who enjoy consistent work and a collaborative team approach!
Background in computer science and comfortable in programming in a variety of languages, including Java, Python, Scala;
Determining the appropriate software packages or modules to run, and how easily they can be modified;
Handling large scale structured and unstructured data from internal and third-party sources;
Architecting highly scalable distributed data pipelines using open source tools and big data technologies such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Presto, Spark, Drill, Sqoop and ETL frameworks;
Utilizing Linux shell scripting and containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes); and,
Leading teams in a dynamic work environment while managing stakeholder expectations and scope.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree, preferably in technology related disciplines.
Cloud computing platforms such as Azure, AWS, and GCP;
Relational databases and writing SQL queries, evaluating their performance
Strong experience with data processing software in Azure, AWS and GCP
Or Big data machine learning toolkits such as SparkML, messaging systems (Kafka) and NoSQL databases (Cassandra, HBase, MongoDB) desirable
Building data lakes and data pipelines that adhere to our engineering philosophy
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8","Indianapolis, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
176,R&D Scientist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Research and Development department is on the forefront of product development and innovation. It is easy to be dedicated when you’re a part of something much bigger than yourself. We’ve got an insatiable appetite for making a difference. The ideal R&D Dairy and/or Dairy Alternative Scientist candidate will have an integral role in leading the product development of our next wave product innovations, while also lending technical support to our growing base business. We are looking for a candidate with a strong food science foundation, and a demonstrated expertise in product innovation, to help Chobani advance its’ mission of making healthy and delicious plant-based foods.

The responsibilities of this position include:
Execute research and development plans and strategies for product development in support of company objectives
Design and execute experiments based on project objectives, excellent record keeping, data collection and analysis and preparing project summaries
Plan and carry out development work in lab and pilot scale; design, develop, and lead tests to qualify new products and to support changes to existing products
Conduct analytical measurements like, pH, viscosity, density, able to design and execute shelf life studies, brix, total solids etc.
Manage technical development projects focusing on product development, process, and product care to help Chobani improve and launch more innovative food and beverage products
Lead and document development projects all the way from conceptualization to commercialization – this includes budget and target within certain time constraints
Communicate project requirements and recommendations as well as status to internal customers and external stake holders
Lead, assist, and work directly with plant processing and production personnel to ensure trial runs and start-up operations are properly performed
The requirements of this position include:
Minimum B.S. Food Science or related degree. Advanced degree strongly preferred
2-7 years of food industry experience required, dairy and/or non-dairy is preferred
Extensive ingredient (stabilizers & fortification), flavor development, and product stability knowledge
Background in process and product development and commercialization of food processes is required. Dairy or Dairy Alternative processing would be a big bonus. Proven track record of leading product development projects including timeline development / management, testing / trials, operational launch and scale
Familiarity with basic research tools and statistical analysis
Comfortable with ambiguity and are energized by the process of building something from the ground up
Innate curiosity for understanding complex food systems from a physical and chemical perspective
Maintain clean & safe manufacturing environment within all facilities
Excellent written and verbal communication
Must be a self-starter able to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple projects/tasks at any given time
Willingness to travel (10-20%)
About Us:

Since our founding over 10 years ago, we’ve always been a different kind of company. After moving to New York from his native Turkey, our CEO Hamdi Ulukaya found that in America, yogurt just wasn’t as delicious or widely available as it was back home. He thought everyone deserved better options, so he set about making delicious, nutritious, natural, and accessible Greek Yogurt right here in the U.S.

Our mission since day one has been to provide better food to more people. And now as the No. 1-selling Greek Yogurt brand in America that is expanding beyond yogurt, we believe every food maker has a responsibility to provide people with better options, which is why we’re so proud of the way our food is made.

Our food philosophy of crafting quality products with simple ingredients is what sets Chobani apart. Our belief that business done right has the ability to change lives and strengthen communities is what sets our company apart. From the way we source our ingredients to how we treat our employees, Chobani strives to make universal wellness happen sooner with everything we do. Certified as a Great Place to Work®, our culture is built on shared passion, dedication, and a commitment to doing what is right. Together, the Chobani family has created something unlike what any company has done before. The possibilities are endless.

Chobani is an equal opportunity employer. Chobani will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on any basis including, but not limited to: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, military and/or veteran status, marital status, predisposing genetic characteristics and genetic information, or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws.",4.3,"Chobani
4.3","Twin Falls, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
177,Principal Data Scientist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Technology. Flexibility. Diversity. At the center of it all are the Digital Accelerator and Advanced Analytics teams at Cummins, working together as a high-energy startup within a Fortune 500 organization. At this Midwestern technology hub, today’s sharpest, most curious minds transform what-ifs into realities.

#LifeAtCummins is about POWERING YOUR POTENTIAL .You’ll have global opportunities to develop your career and make your community a better place - to break ground professionally and be your best personally.

About Digital Accelerator and Advanced Analytics:

Cummins' Digital Accelerator functions as our own tech startup, with strategic access to Fortune 150 resources and talents. Steering the innovation of new experiences for customers, Digital Accelerator is boldly transforming Cummins into a modern and agile technology company. Through the conception, build and launch of inspiring digital solutions, the unique hub of vision and creativity leverages open architecture, connectivity, big data, advanced analytics, internet-of-things, edge computing and more, to drive the company forward on its journey towards smart technologies.

This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, IN for a Principal Data Scientist. This is an active business facing role where you will work and collaborate with teams to solve problems in a results, customer centric environment.

Your impact will happen in these and other ways:

Manages and Implements advanced analytics projects which solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches through a combination of analytical, mathematical and technical skills.
Researches, designs, implements and validates cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes by leveraging complex statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques.
Liaises with business stakeholders and leverages business knowledge to industrialize and monetize insights from advanced analytics projects.
Leads key objectives and business goals through the use of data science methodology.
Leverages data science methodology to solve complex business problems.
Creates algorithms using more complex statistical methodologies through the use of statistical programming languages and tools.
Partners with domain experts to verify model capabilities and translate modeling outputs from statistical inferences into business language.
Partners with Solution Architect to enable appropriate data flow/data model, development using appropriate tools/technology, rapid prototyping and informs the design of analytical products.
Trains and mentors less experienced employees on data science tools and methodologies.
Continuous development and advancement of the organization through knowledge sharing and collaboration.
Participates in planning for advancement of the Data Science profession.

Qualifications

Experience:

Significant experience in a relevant discipline area is required with a demonstrated track record of analyzing complex business systems and large data sets. Knowledge of the latest technologies and trends in data science is highly preferred and includes:

Familiarity analyzing complex business systems, industry requirements, and/or data regulations
Background in processing and managing large data sets
Applied knowledge of big data, open source and third party toolsets
SQL query language
Clustered compute cloud-based implementation experience
Experience in building analytical solutions
Experience coaching on implementation of machine learning solutions

Significant experiences in the following are preferred:

Designing and implementing Big Data platform solutions using open source and third-party tools
Microsoft Azure and/or Amazon Web services environment
Experience in Agile software development
Familiarity with validation and testing of machine learning systems
Familiarity with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)

Manage the analytics technical road map in collaboration with supported delivery partners
Design analytics solution approach in collaboration with delivery partners
Provide design direction and technical guidance to developments teams
Oversee in-use model performance and corrective action
Manage activities of a small team of employees

Skills

Programming - Creates, writes and tests computer code, test scripts, and build scripts using algorithmic analysis and design, industry standards and tools, version control, and build and test automation to meet business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.

Data Mining - Extracts insights from data by identifying relationships and patterns through use of a suite of data exploration and data visualization techniques to understand the underlying structure of the data and enable sound conclusions upon model building.

Predictive Modeling - Develops analytical or machine learning models by using appropriate variable transformations, feature selection strategies, imputation strategies, class rebalancing, resampling strategies and quality control measures to generate predictive insights used in solving business questions.

Statistical Modeling - Develops descriptive and explanatory statistical models, and simulations for regression, classification, outlier detection, anomaly detection, time series forecasting using knowledge of foundational statistics such as null hypotheses significance tests, regression models, generalized linear modeling, time series analysis, rank statistics, probability distribution fitting survival analysis, etc. to validate hypotheses for any given statistical or business question.

Problem Solving - Solves problems using a systematic analysis process by leveraging industry standard methodologies to create problem traceability and protect the customer; determines the assignable cause; implements robust, data-based solutions; identifies the systemic root causes and recommended actions to prevent problem reoccurrence.

Requirements Analysis - Evaluates relationships and interdependencies between requirements based upon their complexity and value to the business in order to determine feasibility and prioritization.

Strategic Roadmap Planning - Produces a high-level, multi-year product and capability roadmap utilizing internal and external business resource, asset and market knowledge and experience to communicate the organization's focus and priorities to internal and external stakeholders.

Tech savvy - Anticipating and adopting innovations in business-building digital and technology applications.

Manages complexity - Making sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems.

Collaborates - Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives.

Develops talent - Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organization’s goals.

Communicates Effectively - Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences.

Education, Licenses, Certifications

College, university or equivalent degree or equivalent work experience in relevant technical discipline is required.
This position may require licensing for compliance with export controls or sanctions regulations.

Compensation and Benefits

Base salary rate commensurate with experience. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

Cummins and E-verify

At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today.careers.cummins.com

Not ready to apply but want to learn more? Join our Talent Community to get the inside track on great jobs and confidentially connect to our recruiting team: https://www.cumminstalentcommunity.com/profile/join/

#DAAAI

Job
SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Primary Location
United States-Indiana-Columbus-US, IN, Columbus, Sears Building
Job Type
Experienced - Exempt / Office
Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced
Job Posting
Jul 23, 2020, 8:42:21 PM
Unposting Date
Ongoing",3.9,"Cummins Inc.
3.9","Columbus, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1919,Company - Public,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
178,Fraud Management Data Analyst,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:

The Fraud Management Data Analyst is responsible for researching and generating accurate data to assist in evaluating current fraud processes as well as identifying opportunities to improve processes and procedures with the changes with fraud trends. The Fraud Management Data Analyst will remain educated on the processes involved with processing disputes and inputting cases. They will be responsible for the collection of fraud data to include losses, recoveries, and employee / member related case information. They will act as a resource for the Fraud Management team members to assist with processing fraud requests either through Verafin, Centrix, and other programs pertinent to Fraud Management.

The Fraud Management Department is responsible for identifying and reacting to portfolio risk from an integrated, company-wide perspective which considers risks across business units--formulating effective fraud and loss management programs, policies, and procedures. The department’s main function is to minimize active account loss and maximize the recovery of losses caused by fraud and employee errors. The department works with members to resolve issues, complete reports, and perform analysis to facilitate management’s assessment of risk, fraud, and loss. The department also provides oversight of BSA / Patriot Act compliance and Privacy policy through monitoring of transaction reports, CTR and SAR filings.

Additionally, the department is responsible for identifying and mitigating ATM / Debit card fraud through use of behavioral analytics software and transaction analysis. The team monitors emerging fraud trends within the industry and provides case analysis and loss trends, identifies points of compromise, and ultimately makes recommendations to Senior Management related to the Ent ATM / Debit card program to prevent continued fraud. The staff orders new cards, closes or blocks compromised cards, and processes disputes and charge backs through the VISA network.

Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Systems Administration / Subject matter expert:
Generate reports to monitor Online Account Opening.
Monitor Bill pay Fraud Alerts.
Analyze Fraud data.
Back up Fraud Functions:
Review and investigate FICO Alerts and notifications and Visa after hours.
Review and investigate all CAMS and Falcon Fraud cases (neural network) alert messages.
Review and balance department general Ledger.
Reviews and forwards Shared Branch alerts to Card Services, Fraud Management, and Shared Branch centers.
Back up other areas of Fraud Management department as needed.
Other duties as required

Minimum formal education required for this position:

Knowledge consistent with an Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Criminal Justice, or related field of study.

Each year of relevant work experience may be exchanged for a year in a relevant degree program or vice versa. For example, a requirement of“Knowledge Consistent with a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting and 2+ years’ of accounting experience” could be substituted for a High School Diploma and 6 years of relevant accounting work experience or a Master’s Degree in Accounting and 0 years of work experience.

Minimum work experience:

2+ years’ combined experience with fraud management, auditing, performing fraud investigations or related experience.

Technical or specialized knowledge/skills:
Proven ability to analyze card member transaction database for known merchant / ATM activity and determine course of action to mitigate further fraud.
Proven ability to use reasoning skills to create rules in third party analytical applications as a response to specific fraudulent transactions trends.
Able to translate data analysis into actionable recommendations.
Excellent knowledge of depository processes and procedures.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving ability and consistent, logical, and effective decision-making based on fact.
Strong product knowledge (ATM, Debit, Checking& Savings).
Excellent interpersonal communication skills to include professional verbal and written communications that may be used in determining if a case is able to be charged back or not.
Strong time management and organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple and diverse on-going projects.
Ability to work with various personalities types to differentiate between victim(s) and suspect(s).
Ability to work with all levels of the organization and match communication styles to the audience being presented to.
Ability to develop and cultivate as a liaison with other financial institutions and law enforcement.
Able to be approachable by the team and lead by example.
Proficient with the Microsoft Office Suite of products (Word/Excel/Outlook).
Certifications required:

None required

Environmental, physical and psychological requirements:

Must be able to sit or stand for prolonged periods of time in a climate controlled environment. Must be able to use fingers, hands, wrists for repetitive tasks such as typing, using a mouse, handling paper, currency, or coin, and operating a telephone. Demands for visual and auditory acuity are typical of an office environment. Must be able to interact via email, telephone, or in person with diplomacy, tact, and courtesy with all members under varying circumstances. Must be able to lift up to 40 lbs.

Starting salary for this position is $57,512.00",3.6,"Ent Credit Union
3.6","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1957,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
179,Per Diem Medical Laboratory Scientist/Medical Technologist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Department Overview

_*This is a Per Diem, flexible hour position. We anticipate, at this time, a need for 2 days a week at minimum. Hours and schedule subject to change as clinic needs change**.*_

The Medical Laboratory Scientist provides information for diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease by conducting medical laboratory tests, procedures, and analyses on blood, body fluid and other specimen types in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry and Urinalysis. The position requires monitoring and interpretation of all quality control systems, instrument maintenance and troubleshooting.
Function/Duties of Position*
Follows all written procedures, policies and guidelines.
Specimen handling, including collection, labeling and processing of specimens. May perform special procedures including assisting the provider on bone marrow collections.
Resulting: Ensures all patient data, both internal and send out testing, is received and documented in the patient Electronic Medical Record (EMR). Recognizes Critical Value results and immediately responds by notifying the appropriate provider.
Instrumentation: Calibrates and performs routine maintenance on analytic analyzers. Uses problem solving skills to troubleshoot when indicated by patient or quality control results. Instruments: Sysmex XN1000, Sysmex KX 21N, Ortho Clinical Diagnostics Vitros 350, Abbott Piccolo Express and Microscope.
Computer Programs: Orchard Harvest LIS, iKnowMed EMR, EPIC, Word, Excel
Quality Control: Performs all quality control (QC) and quality assurance (QA) tasks. This includes, but is not limited to: daily analyzer controls, instrument function checks, Proficiency Testing, documentation of QA issues involving both patients and/or instrument problems. Reports all QC and/or QA problems to the Laboratory Supervisor in a timely manner.
Inventory/Supplies: Maintains adequate laboratory supplies by performing regular stock inventories and processing supply orders as needed. Maintains a clean environment within the laboratory.
Other Responsibilities*
Completes competency training and annual review of policies and procedure manuals in a timely manner. Complies with Safety policies/processes and HIPAA regulations.
Attends and participates in staff meetings, site meetings, and training sessions. Maintains and documents personal continuing education. Keeps abreast of work unit issues and activities.
Assists with miscellaneous technical administrative functions to support daily laboratory activities. When delegated, performs training of new employees and mentors less experienced employees.
Observes and reports changes in patient’s condition.
Multitasks effectively, accesses appropriate staff resources when needed. Willingly cross trains and/or participates in projects.
Carries out job responsibilities ethically, professionally and with personal integrity; functions as a part of the team by exhibiting excellent communications, teamwork and customer service skills.
Demonstrates positive, respectful and honest verbal, written and listening skills in all interactions. Willingly gives and accepts honest, constructive criticism, and communicates effectively with all our customers (patients, coworkers, providers, and caregivers, etc.).
Follows infection control policies, maintains knowledge of personal safety, patient safety, fire and electrical safety and disaster plan.
Other job duties as assigned.
Required Qualifications*
Bachelor's degree in Medical Technology, Clinical Laboratory Science or Medical Laboratory Science which includes a clinical lab externship, and current certification as MT (ASCP), or MLS (ASCP) within 90 days of hire. Current certification and credential maintenance must be maintained for individuals who were certified after January 1, 2004

OR

Completion of a 2-year accredited Medical Laboratory Technician program, plus MLT (ASCP) or equivalent certification within 90 days of hire, and 4 years of experience in a clinical laboratory. Certification as MT (ASCP) or MLS (ASCP) or by AMT preferred. Current certification and credential maintenance must be maintained for individuals who were certified after January 1, 2004

OR

Bachelor's degree in a Chemical or Biological field, and four years’ experience as a Medical Laboratory Technician in a clinical laboratory performing testing and related tasks
Preferred Qualifications*
1 recent year of clinical experience
Past Oncology Experience, with working knowledge of oncology medical terminology and procedures
2 Years or more of hematology experience
Orchard Harvest Laboratory Information System experience
Hours*
This is a Per Diem flexible hour position. We anticipate, no less than 2 a week position. Hours and schedule are subject to change as our needs change. If you are an experienced tech looking for a flexible schedule, this could be the job for you!
Wage*
DOE
OOS is an Equal Opportunity Employer*
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Pay: Up to $29.00 per hour

Schedule:
Holidays
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Application Question:
Please briefly describe how you meet one or more of our required qualifications
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
No",1.9,"Oregon Oncology Specialists
1.9","Salem, OR",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Private Practice / Firm,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
180,Per Diem Medical Laboratory Scientist/Medical Technologist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate in a dynamic team environment, analyzing, designing, developing, testing and fielding software for various types of aircraft. Responsibilities and activities include participating in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Participating in requirements analysis and development, developing and reviewing software design, implementation, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Leading software development tasks and teams. Developing new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Collaborate with the team and work independently. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (with a focus in Computer Science) with 2-7 experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience in software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the working knowledge of solid software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration, and software documentation. Experience in embedded real-time RTOS application development as well as cyber detection is required. Experience with VxWorks RTOS environments, and cyber threat detection application development is highly desirable. Experience developing with Python or Java as well as experience with avionics applications is a strong plus. Must have strong technical communication skills. Candidates with a demonstrated track record filling software lead role with increasing responsibility in the areas of design, task planning, and delegation are highly desirable. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Oregon Oncology Specialists
1.9","Salem, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
181,Senior Data Engineer,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Data Warehouse team is looking to add a Senior Data Engineer. Qualified applicants will have 5-7 years’ experience in a Data Engineer position with a background supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency, and workload management. Ideal candidates will be experts in Talend, Python, Snowflake, CID and SQL.

Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job duties
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, including building a data pipeline infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL , cloud based relational or non-relational databases employing Talend, and/or scripting languages like Perl/Python
Build complex data platforms, and large scale CI/CD data pipelines utilizing a variety of technologies (REST APIs, Teamcity, Jennkis) and cloud databases (Snowflake)
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements, including automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in the organization’s data integration platform
Collaborate with technical staff to identify, learn, and understand software problems
Follow established configuration/change control processes
Identify options for potential solutions and assessing them for both technical and business suitability
Work closely with peers, stakeholders, and end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction
Essential Skills
A minimum of 5 years of developing ETL processes using Talendnformatica including the processing of NoSQL and JSON formats. Talend Certification preferred.
Strong skills with Ant, Maven, GIT, Jenkins, TeamCity.
Experience in writing Jenkins, Teamcity pipeline groovy, PowerShell scripts
Strong skills in source code repository tools such as Clear Case, SVN, CVS, and Git.
Advanced working knowledge in scripting languages, including Python, Perl and Shell.
Deep understanding of ETL, ELT, Talend, Informatica, Hadoop
Demonstrate independence, creativity, and initiative; as well as the ability to master the company's product architecture and its business goals
Experience in working in an Agile project management environment
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills
Superb verbal and written communication skills
Location: San Jose, CA 95134

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position",3.4,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.4","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
182,Senior Environmental Scientist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ransom Consulting is seeking an experienced *Senior* *Environmental Project Scientist* to join our team of environmental scientists and engineers. The Sr. Project Scientist will bring their strong knowledge of environmental and geological principles to assess and oversee complex environmental contamination scenarios.

Responsibilities will include:
Develops and presents findings and recommendations using approved templates and formats (e.g. tables, project logs, site data) and in accordance with the QA/QC process. Prepares all letters and reports for the project ensuring accuracy, formatting consistency, etc. and presents to the Project Manager for final review/approval before presentation to client.
Provides peer review of reports/letters, etc. within technical capability and expertise.
Provides training to staff on appropriate field work procedures and equipment operation, as well as documentation and analysis of findings.
Oversees site drilling and sampling including site preparation, determination of well and boring placement, and coordination and providing direction to subcontractors on site (drillers, excavators, etc.) to ensure that work is completed timely and according to Scope of Work (SOW) and applicable regulations. Uses experience and judgment to make decisions on increasingly complex technical issues related to the project.
Conducts site reconnaissance to identify contaminants and other environmental risks as well as collecting and compiling documents to support of due diligence reports.
Follows designated procedures for sampling and data collection to ensure thorough analysis and presentation of site risk.
Follows all health and safety protocols.
Successful candidates will have:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in environmentally oriented field (geology, environmental science, hydrology, engineering, etc.). Master’s degree preferred.
3-6 years of experience in a scientist/engineering role.
Understanding of environmental and geologic principles relative to environmental contamination and remediation.
Extensive knowledge of federal, state and local environmental regulations. Ability to research and develop understanding and application of new regulations or regulations in a new technical area.
Skilled with field sampling equipment operation and application; field screening procedures, sample collection procedures and subsurface investigation methods.
Ability to train staff on equipment, procedures, and SOPs.
Ability to confidently lead staff and contractors on multiple, complex site events to successful completion.
Ability to collect and interpret data, draw preliminary conclusions, and make recommendations based on understanding of project and client requirements.
Strong writing skills and the ability to present complex technical information in audience appropriate language and format.
Strong interpersonal skills to work effectively with co-workers, clients, sub-contractors, vendors to meet project objectives.
Physical Requirements and Work Conditions
The position includes field and office work (app. 60/40). For field work, employees must be able to stand, walk, and use arms and hands to operate equipment. Employee must be able to work in a variety of temperatures and weather conditions (cold, heat, rain, snow) and lift standard field equipment and supplies of up to 50 pounds alone or collaboratively.
The employee is required to drive to job sites and must have the ability to travel on short notice as well as the ability to travel to locations that may be 2-3 hours from the home office on a regular basis. There may be occasional overnight travel.
A valid driver’s license and reliable transportation is required. (A driver’s license check will be conducted upon hire and annually thereafter).
Noise protection and other PPE, including protective clothing or respirator, may be required on job sites.
Employee must maintain OSHA HAZWOPER certification and participate in the Medical Monitoring program.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Ransom has implemented full infection control and response plans for our offices and for when employees do field work that reflect CDC guidance.

Experience:
environmental science: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Driver's License (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
If you do not currently live within commuting distance of Byfield, please describe your relocation plans.
Company's website:
www.ransomenv.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,Ransom Consulting Engineers and Scientists,"Byfield, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
183,Data Scientist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"When you’re the best, we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future.

Summary:

In this role, you will conduct sophisticated data analysis to help address critical business and member questions, the outputs of which enable members to drive improvements in clinical, operational, and economic outcomes.

Responsibilities:

Provide analysis to identify critical issues/questions around member performance.

Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.

Generate hypotheses and analyze data to test and interpret results.

Design and develop data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions.

Communicate findings from exploratory and predictive data analysis broadly to team and leaders.

Identify improvement opportunities in reporting and BI tools and collaborate with Products Technology to implement enhancements.

Serve as the resident data expert and share best practices/approaches for statistics, machine learning techniques, data modeling, simulation and advanced mathematics.

Collaborate with key leaders and clinicians to build analytical acumen across all analytic roles in the organization.

Qualifications:

Relevant degree preferred. Advanced degree a plus.

5 or more years of relevant work experience.

Proficient programming experience using SAS/Python/R.

Demonstrated ability to manage large disparate data sets and using quantitative and qualitative analysis.

Experience effectively communicating and presenting data to a variety of audiences required.

Experience working with health care administrative claims data (ICD-10, MS-DRG, CPT/HCPCS) or electronic medical record data tools (Epic Clarity/Caboodle, Cerner CCL-Discern/PowerInsight) strongly preferred.

#LI-DM

#IDS

Equal Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender identity, ethnicity, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.",3.8,"Vizient, Inc.
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
184,Senior Data Engineer,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, or a related field or equivalent experience
Preferred Qualifications
3 years of experience working with database tools
3 years of programming experience using Python and C#
3 years of experience working with SQL server integration services or ETL tools
3 years of experience working with data integration tools
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite
Experience working with ETL tools
Knowledge of data integration tools
Knowledge of software programming languages, such as Python and C#
Job Summary

The Senior Data Engineer works with database engineers to design, develop and maintain the infrastructure of data within the data warehouse, including setting the ETL (extract, transform, load) processes, bringing in new data sources, modifying existing data sources, making sure data is clean, complete and consumable, as well as designing data models within the data warehouse.

The Senior Data Engineer works as part of one or more project teams and is responsible for designing and building mechanisms to move, integrate, cleanse and publish large volume datasets. This is a developer role with a specialty in data and requires deep knowledge of a variety of programming languages and design patterns.

Responsibilities
Design and support the new and evolving sources of data being brought into the data warehouse
Work closely with data architects and follow best practices for data management consumption
Work closely with business analysts to work through business requirements and develop processes to provide the needed data visibility via the data warehouse and reporting platform
Assist with application layer and metadata design
Assist with the design and create automated applications and reporting solutions
Work closely with front-end developers to ensure data is being brought in and data integrity is being maintained
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the data warehouse servers
Research and promote new tools and techniques to shape the future of the data environment
Mentor and train other data engineers
Who We Are

We're America's largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D. Power ranked Quicken Loans ""Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination"" for the past 10 consecutive years, 2010 - 2019. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for 6 consecutive years, 2014 through 2019, each year the company was eligible. There's a simple reason we've been so successful: We care about the people we work with.

If you're tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you'll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won't find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named #1 in ESSENCE Magazine's first ever list of ""Best Places to Work for African Americans"" in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's ""Best Places to Work in IT"" list for 13 years running, hitting #1 the last 5 years. We were also ranked #14 in FORTUNE Magazine's list of ""100 Best Companies to Work For"" in 2018, remaining in the top 30 for the past 15 years.

Disclaimer

This is an outline of the primary responsibilities of this position. As with everything in life, things change. The tasks and responsibilities can be changed, added to, removed, amended, deleted and modified at any time by the leadership group.",3.8,"Quicken Loans
3.8","Detroit, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
185,Business Intelligence Analyst,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Leggett & Platt, Incorporated is seeking a Business Intelligence Analyst to join our growing Logistics department. In this position, you will report to the Director of IT and work closely with Logistics management. You will be responsible for analyzing business processes, determining strategic solutions, providing data analysis, problem solving and supporting business users.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:
Pull, inspect, clean and model data from multiple sources to provide management with useful information that will support decision-making
Work closely with business, compliance and technical resources to define, create, test and implement solutions
Perform project management activities for multiple, concurrent projects
Work with teams around the world to provide and enhance support for our growing operations
Support TMS users across the company
Other ad-hoc responsibilities as assigned
EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor’s degree in Business Analytics, Computer Science, Accounting, Finance, Information Technology or related field
Minimum of 3+ years of related experience
Strong SQL development experience
EDI experience is preferred
Must be fluent in Excel
Strong interpersonal skills
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Minimal travel may be required
Knowledge of Transportation Management Systems like McLeod or E2Open is a plus
We offer a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k) and stock plans, tuition reimbursement, employee discounts and more.

Since 1883, Leggett & Platt (NYSE: LEG) has been creating a wide variety of innovative products that can be found in most homes, offices, and automobiles. Today our growing company consists of more than 22,000 employee-partners in 140 manufacturing facilities located in 18 countries. We’re not just hiring; we’re building a better company. For more information, please visit www.leggett.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/Veteran/Disability Employer",3.5,"Leggett & Platt
3.5","Carthage, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1883,Company - Public,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
186,Sr. Big Data Analyst,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Consumption team of Decision Sciences and Transformation (DSaT) department is seeking a highly motivated Technical Business/Data Analyst to start or continue an IT career at GEICO on the Big Data project.
Teaming up with software engineers, scrum masters, leads, managers and directors, you will work in an Agile environment to make application data ingested from various partner systems consumable on the Big Data Atomic Layer.
In this role, you will coordinate with a variety of IT departments to elicit and translate high level business requirements into detailed system requirements. You will participate in the entire software development lifecycle by writing and executing test plans, finding solutions to issues during development and after deployment. You should be intellectually curious, have a solutions-oriented attitude and enjoy learning new tools and techniques.

Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
o Strong SQL, data mapping, and data profiling skills
o Working knowledge of Big Data and the Hadoop Ecosystem
o Assists developers with more complex and detailed projects including root cause analysis, gap analysis etc.
o Knowledge of Data transformation, Data management & ETL processes
o Excellent time management skills and attention to detail is required
o Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
o Strong problem-solving ability, critical thinking skills, creative/innovative thinking
o Ability and desire to learn new skills and techniques
o Ability to thrive while working on ambiguous or challenging projects
o A Bachelor's degree in a computer or information technology or currently enrolled in a degree program
Desirable Qualifications:
o At least 2 years’ experience on writing queries using SQL
o Proficient in SQL and able to extract & validate data using SQL query
o Project Management experience
o Experience documenting business and system requirements, processes, workflows and test plans
o Experience with Relational Database (Microsoft SQ, Oracle or DB2)
o Ability to work independently while supporting multiple projects in a dynamic environment
o Understanding of software development, web technologies, and testing approaches
#LI-SB1 #DI-SB
The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.

About GEICO
For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
GEICO Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply
Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
187,Senior Data Analyst,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Sysco Labs

Sysco LABS is a technology-focused division within Sysco, dedicated to reimagining foodservice through innovation. An extension of Sysco’s commitment to deliver exceptional products and services to the foodservice industry, Sysco LABS uses customer and market intelligence, data-driven insights and agile technology development to rethink the entire foodservice ecosystem.
Our innovation will improve everything from the ordering process, inventory, pricing and automation to the in-restaurant customer experience. Operating with the mindset of a startup and backed by the authoritative expertise of an industry leader, Sysco LABS’ mission is to improve the Sysco customer experience and consistently deliver cost savings and new innovations through technology.

About the Role

As a Senior Data Analyst at Sysco Labs, you will be responsible for driving strategies and tactics to optimize Sysco products using quantitative data, find answers to broad questions, identify patterns and trends, and make informed decisions to influence product strategy and direction.

Responsibilities
Utilize a combination of exploratory and descriptive analytics to inform product strategy and roadmap, and provide ad-hoc analyses that uncover root cause of recent business trends.
Understand data infrastructure and coordinate with Data Engineering to deliver data models and structures to meet business demands.
Design relevant data models, including outlining dimensions and measures needed, for answering business questions.
Establish and implement product data standards and best practices in order to optimize the data collection, fidelity and accuracy. Develop product measurement plans and dashboards to monitor metrics and KPIs.
Ensure optimization and validations initiatives are implemented, tracked and reviewed postproduction.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools.
Maintain a presence in the broader data and analytics community.
Shape, explore and publish data for business analysis or stakeholder initiatives using core Business Intelligence (BI) tools, such as Tableau and Redash.
Other duties as assigned.
About You

Minimum Qualifications:
6 years’ experience in using data and analytics to drive decisions and insights.
Experience with SQL.
Experience with MixPanel or Google Analytics.
Experience with digital marketing tools such as Google Search Console, Adwords, Marin, Google DoubleClick stack, Tealium, or similar.
Experience with Tableau
Experience with JavaScript tag management.
Experience with Python Analytics/Viz packages.
Experience with R-Studio.
Experience with Data Mining tools such as RapidMiner, Opera, ProM, or similar.
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science or related field.
Experience with programmatic media.
Experience with structured and semi-structured data.
Perks at Sysco LABS:
Competitive base & bonus packages
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Brand-new high-tech office space located in the heart of East 6th St, (walking distance to the MetroRail)
Generous PTO policy
Flexible work environment that encourages work/life balance
Fully stocked break room & weekly catered lunch
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits and company 401(k) program
At Sysco LABS you will be part of a team that values trust, learning, and working together to solve problems. Your efforts will help to build groundbreaking experiences for our customers. Come join us!
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.",4.1,"Sysco Labs
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
188,Business Intelligence Analyst & Developer,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Everyone wants to work with people they respect. Even better if you can work with a company you respect. We have both at The David J. Joseph Company, and a 135+ year track record on operating an ethical business with a positive work culture. It may sound cliché, but it’s true. We’re a big, global company that still feels small.

Working at the David J. Joseph Company is unique. We offer employment in diverse settings such as traditional corporate headquarters, dynamic sales locations, and scrap recycling facilities. This workplace diversity gives our employees the variety they crave and the exposure to a global business. A career at The David J. Joseph Company is ideal for self-starters seeking to make an impact on our company and their careers.

The David J. Joseph Company (DJJ), founded in 1885, is a world leader in scrap metal recycling & trading. With over 80+ locations, the Joseph Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nucor Corporation (NUE) a Fortune 200 Company.

Responsibilities
Performs solution design, development, testing, debugging and maintenance for one or more of the following enterprise data team areas of responsibility:
Enterprise data modeling
ETL systems
BI semantic layers
Dashboards and reports
Ad-hoc data analysis
Participates in requirements gathering, design sessions, fact-finding and prototyping activities to drive business adoption of data products.
Documents detailed solution specifications, data mappings, test cases and maintenance routines.
Works collaboratively with other team members to evolve best practices and team standards for data visualization, data modeling, or data integration.
Develops and maintains knowledge of customer’s business by learning through a mix of project work, partnering with business users, and seeking out learning opportunities.
Participates, along with other team members, in a support rotation, handling system triage and resolving user-facing tickets.
Delivers solutions that are optimized for performance and proactively tunes and refactors existing solutions.
Develops and refines new and existing data products to ensure data quality and single source of truth.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or Business-related discipline is preferred. Equivalent combination of experience and education will be considered.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience including working knowledge of relational databases, data warehouse environments, and SQL.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience with business intelligence, data integration or data analytics tools and languages (for example: MicroStrategy, PowerBI, Tableau, MDX, multidimensional or tabular cubes; ETL development; R, Python).
Preferred experience utilizing source control systems to perform development tasks (git or TFS).
Preferred experience developing cloud-based data solutions (Azure, SnowFlake, RedShift, etc.)
Demonstrates working knowledge, practical skills and the ability to perform work under moderate supervision.
Must be detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple assignments effectively.
Requires effective communication skills to convey status, ideas and concepts in a team environment.
Requires professional demeanor with a high degree of flexibility, responsiveness and self-direction.
Benefits


We offer a competitive compensation and benefit package including paid training, bonus program, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverage, vacation, paid holidays, a 401(k) plan with match, tuition reimbursement and other great benefits.

EEO Statement


The David J Joseph Company (DJJ) is a drug-free workplace and conducts pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.DJJ is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, lactation/breastfeeding, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, familial status, disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. DJJ hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled. If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please click here.

DJJ reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to receive equal employment opportunity and/or perform the essential functions of the job, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to the Company. This applies to all applicants and teammates.DJJ also provides a work environment in which each teammate is able to be productive and work to the best of his or her ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. We expect and require the cooperation of all teammates in maintaining an atmosphere free from discrimination and harassment with mutual respect by and for all teammates and applicants.

E-Verify Information | E-Verify Notice

EJN


EJN",4.5,"The David J. Joseph Company
4.5","Cincinnati, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1885,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Metals Brokers,Mining & Metals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
189,Lead Data Scientist,$145k-$163k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary
Tranzact is hiring a lead data scientist to assist our team in driving our data science and analytics group forward. You’ll be joining a group of curious, smart, technically minded yet business savvy data scientists looking to make a difference to the company by further designing and building out our data decisioning capabilities. We have been up and running for several years and our team must grow to meet the demands of our business partners—they see the value we have provided and want more.

The Lead Data Scientist is passionate about using data and insights to drive business strategy and develop data products. A successful candidate will manage data science projects including scoping, designing, and executing the vision with the help of more junior data scientists / analysts. They would also identify and prioritize initiatives to deliver value to our internal stakeholders. The ideal candidate would have experience managing data science projects, managing stakeholders, and working cross functionally. This person would have real world experience “in the data trenches” as a data scientist and be an all-star individual contributor. We expect this person to have a passion for driving projects for business outcomes, strong analytical skills, and a strong desire to make an impact in our growing data science practice!

What you’ll do:
Become the domain expert in multiple areas of the Tranzact business (i.e. retention, call center effectiveness, etc.) and contribute to the advancement of those area through thought leadership.
Lead new projects and initiatives through understanding business needs, executing, presenting and influencing stakeholders.
Be a technical leader on the team that can advise, mentor, and delegate tasks to more junior data scientists and analysts.
Facilitate data-driven decision making and prioritize initiatives.
Develop strong cross functional partnerships with business and technology stakeholders.
Act as a subject matter expert within the organization on all things data.
Find new and improved ways for us to use data in our products, operations, and business strategies.

What we do:
We achieve competitive advantage through data-driven marketing and full management of the customer experience. We’re constantly refining our technology and our strategies, that’s why we’re the industry leader in delivering the best results to the top insurance brands in America.

That’s not just lip service either, we’re consistently awarded partner of the year from brands like AFLAC, Humana, and more. Our work has also been featured on The Dr. Oz Show, Forbes, and Vox -- to name a few.

We want people who fit within our Be Real culture. We want a diversity of programmers and writers and designers and data scientists and strategists and more. We’re made up of introverts and extroverts, suits and rebels, corporate types and anti-corporate types. We’re an environment where every person feels their full potential is only limited by their ability to conceive of it and make it happen. Our company grew from entrepreneurial roots but has big company resources to get amazing things done.

What we’re looking for:
BA/BS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)
5 years of experience in data science at a B2C or direct to consumer company (experience in marketing, business operations, or customer retention is a plus)
Experience implementing predictive and prescriptive models in production systems
Experience managing data science projects and mentoring data scientists / analysts
Proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and a data visualization tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines
Experience communicating strategy and results to different audiences
Ability to work cross functionally and influence others
A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business
Ability to be objective, follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data
Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing
What’s in it for you:
Medical, dental, vision, paid time off/holidays, 401(k), and bonus opportunity
Frequent office events and outings
Employee development programs, conference and training reimbursement
Work remote flexibility
Joining a growing and exciting team making a big impact on the business!
EOE, including disability/vets",3.8,"TRANZACT
3.8","Fort Lee, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
190,Lead Data Scientist - Investments,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Since 1851, MassMutuals commitment has always been to help people protect their families, support their communities, and help one another. This is why we want to inspire people to Live Mutual. Were people helping people.

A career with us means you will work alongside exceptional people and be empowered to reach your professional and personal goals. Our employees are the foundation of what makes MassMutual a strong, stable and ethical business. We seek and value unique and varied perspectives and experiences because we believe we are stronger when all voices are heard. We invite you to bring your bright, innovative ideas to MassMutual as we continue to help millions of Americans rely on each other.

Description

Position Summary:

MassMutuals Advanced Analytics group is seeking an exceptional, highly motivated and self-directed data scientist. In this role, you will perform data-driven research, problem solving, and algorithm development through the systematic application of mathematics, statistics and computer science as well as cutting edge data technologies. Results of this work manifest themselves in a variety of ways, including interactive visualizations, presentations, publications, web applications, predictive algorithms, and APIs.

This is an opportunity to join a small but growing high performing team with diverse backgrounds in applied math, computer science and physics that have been tasked with developing, maintaining and extracting knowledge from a strategic data asset. Our work revolves around studying fundamental and high impact business questions that directly impact the direction of the company and industry at large.

Overall Responsibility:
Set strategy and assume a leadership role in the investments domain expertise
Develop roadmaps for projects and services, data, and technology
Oversee operations of algorithm and system deployments
Partner with executive leadership to ensure alignment of data science initiatives and company strategy
Lead projects and research initiatives
Develop algorithms and predictive models, create prototype systems, visualizations, and web applications
Design and analyze experiments
Assemble data sets from disparate sources and analyze using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems
Disseminate findings to non-technical audiences through a variety of media, including interactive visualizations, reports and presentations
Mentor junior team members
Candidate Requirements:
2+ years Investments Experience Required
7+ years working with data and relevant computational frameworks and systems
7+ years developing of probabilistic models and machine learning algorithms
Proficient level of understanding in the following areas and an expert in at least one: machine learning, probability and statistics (esp. Bayesian methods), natural language processing, operations research
Exceptional problem solving skills and willingness to learn new concepts, methods, and technologies
Expert in data analysis using R or Python (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) programming languages
Knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript, d3.js and web application frameworks (Flask, Django, Play!, etc.)
Knowledge of NoSQL systems, Hadoop/map-reduce, Spark, Hbase, etc.
Experience in database design and SQL
Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment
Outstanding communication skills (publication history a plus)
Education - M.S. or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Physics, etc.) is required",3.8,"MassMutual
3.8","Boston, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1851,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
191,Senior Data Scientist - Experimentation Platform,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data influences all of the decisions we make at Tinder. As a senior data scientist working on Tinder’s Experimentation Platform, you will help conceive novel ideas, manage experience rollouts and interpret experimentation results. You will have tons of responsibility, freedom, and opportunity to have a direct and immediate impact on exploring new ideas to drive user satisfaction and company growth. You will help Tinder to evolve relentlessly through rapid iterations on product features, revenue, user growth and advanced matching algorithms. We would love to talk to you if you are interested in helping Tinder users achieve stronger matches, engage more effectively, and create more love, at a truly global scale.
In this Data Science role, you will:
Help and guide all three stages of experimentation: ideation, experience delivery and results interpretation
Support and improve existing experimentation analytics pipelines and systems in production
Design and develop new data pipelines and streaming processes that are highly available, scalable, and reliable for our KPI anomaly and alert system
Partner with engineering, analytics, and product stakeholders to define experimentation standards, guidelines and best practices

We're looking for:

BS/MS in Mathematics, Statistics or related technical discipline
5+ years experience working on and maintaining large scale analytics systems
5+ years programming experience in SQL or SQL like query language
Experience with NoSQL or RDBMS platforms - DynamoDB, Redis, or Postgres
Bonus points for exposure to scala, spark and AWS
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy:

· The hustle of a startup with the impact of a global business
· Tremendous opportunity to seek some of the industry’s most exciting problems
· Working with an outstanding team of creative, fun and highly motivated people
· Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, and 401(k) match

At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.9,"Tinder
3.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
192,Data Engineer with Top Secret,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Opportunity: Our team is seeking a talented Top Secret cleared Data Engineer to work in our NW Washington DC location.

This role supports DHS’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis (I&A). I&A is responsible for developing DHS-wide intelligence through managing the collection, analysis and fusion of intelligence throughout the entire Department. I&A disseminates intelligence throughout DHS, to the other members of the United States Intelligence Community, and to first responders at the state, local, and tribal level.
What You'll Get To Do as a Data Engineer: *
Create and maintain data pipelines and transformation flows in a cloud environment
Data management/mapping among multiple distinct data sources
Cloud management and server administration of domain services
Big Data infrastructure services and cross domain data transfer
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Active Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility
BS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline from an accredited college or university and ten (10) to fourteen (14) years of progressive experience, or an MS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline, and eight (8) to twelve (12) years of progressive experience, or a Ph.D. degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline and four (4) to seven (7) years of progressive experience.
Familiar with ETL technologies, MapReduce, JSON/XML transformations and schemas
Familiar with AngularJS
Familiar with Apache NiFi and Java (NAR) NiFi Archives
Knowledge of Amazon Web Services (AWS Cloud)
Programming languages – Java/JEE, Javascript, Python, Groovy, Shell Script
HTTP via REST and SOAP
Datastores – HDFS, MongoDB, S3, Elastic, NoSQL, RDBMS
Build and Configuration Management Tools – Maven, Ansible, Puppet
Working knowledge with public keys and digital certificates
Linux/Unix server environments
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have: *
Master’s level education
Familiarity with: jQuery, XPath, XQuery, Spark, Impala, Sqoop, Hive/Pig, Python, Gradle, Maven, PL/SQL, Unix Shell, C++/C, AngularJS, Spring, JSON, XML/XSLT/HTML, JPA/Hibernate, Spark, Accumulo, MapReduce, Storm/Kafka, HSpace, Pig, Servlet/JSP, LDAP
About OneGlobe: *
OneGlobe LLC was founded in 2005 to provide quality Information Technology solutions that exceed expectations. We focus on IT System Modernization using agile software development practices and DevSecOps to deliver intuitive and maintainable systems that we help our customers improve their processes and capabilities.

We provide full service IT solutions and have the skill to identify, plan and perform cost-saving steps throughout the system lifecycle to enhance system efficiency, while optimizing the value that we deliver to our customers. Our team has the drive and right mindset to feel ownership on the projects they work. They partner with our customers to give the extra effort sometimes required to deliver success.

We provide highly competitive benefits package to include: extensive medical/dental/vision, 7% of your annual salary toward 401(k), Paid Time Off (PTO), $5K annually toward ongoing education and training, and more. We also have monthly social and tech events!

See additional positions at: http://www.oneglobeit.com/#careers

OneGlobe is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, political affiliation or veteran status.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
NiFi: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)
Hadoop: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
ETL: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
193,Sr. Data Analyst,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Forest Lawn has always attracted unique and exceptional individuals; those who aren’t satisfied with simply building a career, but want to go home at the end of the day knowing they’ve made a profound and positive difference in people’s lives. If this sounds like you, take a look at our job openings....We may have your next GREAT OPPORTUNITY!

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Conducts special studies to analyze complex contract transactions and prepares recommendations for changes to reduce errors or simplify processes.
Identifies trends and recommends improvements accordingly.
Understands and has familiarity with the design of complex contract and accounts receivable software and the ability to quickly learn the design and operation of such systems.
Processes and inputs into computer database complex contract transactions.
Analyzes business process and discrepant data scenarios.
Mines data in contract database using Microsoft Access and Excel and SQL.
Develops and creates studies, reports, and analyses in areas such as, statistical sales reports, transaction exception reports, categorization of transactions by data fields present, etc.
Makes recommendations to management regarding cost saving or profit generating opportunities and profitability improvement strategies.
Prepares clear, concise written reports and presentations using Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.
Coordinates with all levels of management to provide, gather, analyze, summarize, and prepare recommendations regarding Client Accounts functions.
Works independently with minimal supervision as well as in a team environment.
Works closely with the Technology Services development, database and infrastructure team on various projects to gather requirements, document data and workflow requirements, and develop scalable, highly available, and secure automation, data models and reporting packages.
Handles multiple projects with detail and organization.
QUALIFICATIONS
BA/BS – Math, Engineering, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting preferred;
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.
3 - 5 Years’ experience as a Data Analyst.
Proven experience as a problem solver.
Must be customer service oriented.
Must be flexible, proactive, and a self-starter.
Advanced Microsoft Excel, Access and PowerPoint skills
Moderate skills with MS SQL, Python and VBA
Experience in report writing tools
Experience working with Data Models
E-Verify Statement:

Forest Lawn has registered to participate in the federal government's E-Verify program. With E-Verify we are able to confirm the employment authorization of all newly hired employees through an electronic database maintained by the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security. With respect to new hires, the E-Verify process is completed in conjunction with a new hire's completion of the Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification upon commencement of employment. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates.

For up-to-date information on E-Verify, go to https://www.e-verify.gov/employees/e-verify-overview.",3.2,"Forest Lawn Memorial-Park Association
3.2","Glendale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1906,Company - Private,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
194,Machine Learning Engineer,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Sisu, we're building a software platform that empowers people to make better decisions using data. Based on years of cutting-edge research at Stanford, Sisu enables users to quickly and comprehensively understand what’s driving their key metrics, so they never miss a window of opportunity to act.

Sisu leverages the massive amounts of data available within private, first-party data warehouses, which capture a real-time, structured view of organizational behavior. By monitoring the performance of key metrics like revenue, retention, and churn, and their relationships to interactions between key factors like user demographics, campaigns, and acquisition channels, we can help users make better decisions. The key problem Sisu solves is to help identify what’s driving change among this enormous feature and hypothesis space. To do so, we combine statistical analysis and machine learning at scale to provide users personalized, real-time diagnoses of changes in their metrics via an explainable, interpretable user interface.

As a machine learning engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to shape the future of machine learning on massive, structured data. Much like public search engines rely on sophisticated models for ranking and relevance over unstructured text, machine learning is integral to Sisu’s value proposition of ranking and highlighting key drivers behind metrics derived from structured data. These results inform our users on how to take action as their businesses are changing.

You will be responsible for investigating and developing state-of-the-art algorithms in Sisu’s large-scale streaming structured data context. ML engineers at Sisu deliver their features end-to-end, from Jupyter notebook prototypes to production in Rust.
Responsibilities
Deliver state-of-the-art, scalable algorithms to production for forecasting time series, personalized ranking, robust statistical analysis of key customer business metrics
Build and maintain the infrastructure for data and model management
Work closely with the Sisu design and engineering teams for ML-adjacent components, such as viz and data processing
Give talks, write blog posts, and produce peer-reviewed publications
Preferred Qualifications
Either 4+ years of professional experience with ML or quantitative analysis, or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or Physics
Proficiency with Python and experience with data processing tools (e.g., scipy, numpy, pandas, Pytorch, and Spark)
Competency with forecasting deadlines, modular design, testing, code review, and working with new codebases
Strong technical communication skills
Please note that this is a full-time, non-remote role based in San Francisco.

Sisu is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.",4.0,"Sisu Data
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
195,Business Intelligence Analyst,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Senior Business Intelligence Analyst

Join a team where you can be an integral part of Aptean’s success.

The Who, What, Where And Why

Aptean is seeking a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst to work with the Business Operations team to continuously design, build and evolve our data reporting capabilities – all in an environment of rapid growth and increasing complexity. In this role, you will have the opportunity to incubate data solutions and help build Aptean’s centralized data platform by partnering with teams across different verticals to drive data reporting efficiency and performance insights to key stakeholders.

As a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, you'll contribute technical skills, business judgment, and creativity to build automated data solutions that provide these strategic insights. You'll take initiative and work well in environments with multiple cross-functional stakeholders and differing priorities. Additionally, you'll contribute people skills and drive to provide training and support to team members and partners. You'll lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects using your data warehousing and analytics expertise, manage project schedules, identifying risks, and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.

Who?

We are looking for someone with:

· 3-5 years of related work experience

· Experience with Data Analysis and Visualization of Power BI Dashboards

· Experience with data integration of Power BI with Salesforce.com, SQL Server and Excel (including VBA, Macros, Pivot Tables, array functions, Power Pivots, etc)

We’d like this person to have the following skills/abilities
Experience working within a high-growth, technology company
Able to operate successfully in a lean, fast-paced organization
Strong written and verbal communication skills, with a track record of supporting a variety of stakeholders
Exhibits sound business judgment and a proven track record of taking ownership, leading data-driven analyses, and providing clear answers to complex problems
Motivated self-starter, proactive and action-oriented
· Take charge mentality with a track record and ability to “get things done”
Strong problem solving and collaboration skills
Experience in prioritization of deliverables and tasks
What?

In this role, you would:

Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying Business Analytics Dashboards using Microsoft BI technologies including SQL Server, Power BI, Excel etc.

1. Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying Business Analytics Dashboards using Microsoft BI technologies including SQL Server, Power BI, Excel etc.

2. Analyze and leverage external data sources like Salesforce to integrate with existing datasets and relate a comprehensive BI story.

3. Build compelling, interactive and actionable reporting on top of structured data models that helps in deriving meaningful business insights from large, complex datasets.

4. Supporting the full BI lifecycle from requirements analysis through design & development, and through release and support/maintenance phases.

5. Gather requirements and design reports/custom analysis tools for the Executive Leadership Team.

6. Some of the reports that will be required but not limited to this set are:

- Daily/weekly/monthly performance reports for key performance indicators and provide analytics on them.

- KPI reports for monthly/quarterly/annual forecasting for Business Reviews.

- Gather, publish & maintain information related to historical, current and future performance.

- Compile and analyze data on historical sales and trends to forecast future trends.

7. Collaborate on identified ad hoc business problem-solving requests.

8. Train team members/users on Power BI tool, dashboards and reports, as required by leadership team.

Why?

In this role you will work on a great team that values self-motivation, attention to detail, and effective communication. This team is fast-paced and cooperative.

Aptean is where go-getters with strong problem solving skills can thrive. We provide learning opportunities across the company so that you can build and advance your career here no matter your background. Each and every one of us has a different story and different strengths. We are a dynamic company that cares about our 1,700 employees as much as our customers, and our leadership team believes in finding and retaining awesome people.

To promote health and wellness, Aptean employees are provided with competitive compensation, robust benefits beginning day-one, and a self-managed PTO policy. Our open-office environment and modern breakroom allow people to get to know each other from across departments.

Where?

This position will be located in our corporate headquarters in Alpharetta, GA at 4325 Alexander Dr #100, Alpharetta, GA 30022. You will enjoy our perks: mini-mart for snacks, drinks, and quick lunches, modern breakroom that allows people to get to know employees from other departments, monthly birthday celebrations, massages, monthly food trucks and breakfasts – all provided in an open-office environment. What you will also get to experience is a company that believes in the power of working collaboratively and winning together; that strives to balance work and home life, that seeks and hires teams of motivated go-getters, understands that this is a marathon, not a sprint; that continuously and purposefully builds an inclusive culture where everyone is able to do and be the best version of themselves. We seek people who naturally demonstrate our values, who are challenged by problems, empower others to thrive, people who can draw the owl and not be beholden to one playbook.

About Us
Aptean is a private-equity backed software company that connects companies in specific industries with specialized software solutions. In today’s fast-paced, highly competitive economy, organizations don’t have time to waste forcing homegrown software, spreadsheets, and one-size-fits-all solutions to do things they were never designed to do. Aptean is on a mission to end those workarounds with streamlined industry-specific software solutions. That’s why over 4,100+ highly specialized organizations in more than 20 industries and 54 countries rely on us to simplify their everyday operations.

If you are looking for a company where you can give your best, work collaboratively, and build your career, we encourage you to submit an application!

Aptean, Inc., is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. In accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws we do not tolerate discrimination or harassment against any applicant for employment or employee with Aptean because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other group status protected by applicable law.",3.2,"Aptean
3.2","Alpharetta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
196,Staff BI and Data Engineer,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: Staff BI and Data Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA (or) New York, NY
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a hands-on and self-driven Staff BI and Data Engineer, preferably with experience in the bank card loyalty/fin-tech/advertising/marketing space, to enhance and automate its data and analytics infrastructure to support its growing customer base and expanding partner ecosystem. The position is based in San Jose, CA., and reports into the Data Engineering division. The demand for advanced analytical solutions continues to grow exponentially, and this is your opportunity to grow with us in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools such as SQL, Python, and Tableau to query and process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Develop high quality analytical data assets with an eye towards process efficiency and automation through scripting. Experience in building data marts is a plus.
Build automated QA process to validate the quality of the data and report on data quality
Communicate and present data to both internal and external customers by developing reports/dashboards/charts using BI tools such as Tableau
Work closely with a dynamic and growing team of account managers, data engineers and data scientists to perform quantitative analysis of customer data, including gathering data requirements and validate data, applying judgement and statistical analysis to assist with planning and decision making.
Other responsibilities include but not limited to - data validation, troubleshooting issues, and process documentation.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
At least 3 years of hands-on experience in designing and building data pipelines, analytical data applications and BI Reporting.
Proficient in SQL and Tableau, familiar with at least one coding language in Python/Shell scripting.
Experience in using Cloud based managed services and Big Data Environments for data warehousing/analytics is a big plus – e.g. Amazon RedShift, Google BigQuery, Spark, MapR etc.,
Very strong written and verbal communication skills; Ability to tell a story with the data
Analytical thinker, with an ability to evaluate multiple products/technologies to address various aspects of a big data platform.
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Strong organization skills with attention to detail is a must.
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box
Knowledge of Retail and Financial verticals is useful but not required.",3.1,"Affinity Solutions
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
197,Principal Data Scientist,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Principal Data Scientist, Oncology
The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

NOTE: This position can be filled in either GAITHERSBURG MARYLAND OR WALTHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will develop your leadership skills and apply and develop your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include developing machine learning models for digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Day-to-Day:
Developing novel data science and machine learning solutions where off-the-shelf methodologies do not fit.
Leading small (2-3 person) data science projects of defined scope.
Coaching/mentoring junior data scientists and others to drive the development of data science as an AZ capability.
What You'll Need:

Essential:
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Extensive knowledge of mathematical modelling and statistical modelling techniques and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills
Outstanding communication, business analysis and consultancy
Desirable:
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.
In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
198,Analytical Chemist/Scientist for Biologics Group,$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Opportunity
Are you looking for a fast paced position in a rapidly growing company? We are seeking an Analytical Chemist/Scientist for our Biologics Group in Ann Arbor, Michigan. We are searching for talented and motivated individuals that would enjoy working in a team oriented, entrepreneurial company.
Job Description and Responsibilities
Learn techniques spanning across the entire spectrum of analytical chemistry from wet chemistry to HPLC, NMR, Mass Spectrometry, FTIR, GC and GC-MS
Perform testing using a variety of technologies including HPLC, LC-MS, GC, GC/MS, Microscopy, FTIR and UV
Execute projects in support of client needs including product deformulation and product development, failure analysis and problem solving, impurity identification, extractable and leachable studies, and structural characterization
Follow all safety requirements including wearing appropriate personal protective equipment
Generate supporting laboratory documentation
Ensure compliance with government rules and regulations (FDA, cGMP, DEA, ICH, OSHA, etc.)
Implement new equipment and processes independently, capable of conducting appropriate qualification and validation activities
Execute projects with minimal supervision
Have the ability to analyze data from the qualitative to the rigorously statistical and defend conclusions based on data
Have the ability to demonstrate strong problem-solving and analytical abilities
Requirements
Experience with analytical method development
Experience with protein mass spectrometry, proteomics (LC-MS/MS or LC-QTOF)
Experience with mammalian cell culture
Experience working with proteins and nucleic acids
Experience with HPLC or FPLC
Effective scientific writer (experience with report writing)
Effective oral presenter (experience with scientific presentations)
Effective time management
Must be a flexible, adaptable, self-driven team player with a positive attitude
Preferred
Hands-on experience with AAV or lentivirus
Hands-on experience with viral transduction assays
Experience with capillary electrophoresis
Experience with GC-MS
Experience with method validation
Experience with MALDI or TOF
Experience with QC method development/validation
Bachelor's degree (preferred)
3-7 years’ experience
Why Work for Us?
Avomeen is a full-service laboratory with unique analytical, product testing and formulation development expertise. Each member of the Avomeen team plays a critical and visible role in delivering high-quality scientific solutions, providing them with an opportunity to directly impact Avomeen’s success and advance their career. We make every effort to reward outstanding performance and provide interesting and scientifically challenging work. In order to ensure the success, development, and growth of our employees, we are committed to offering a variety of training opportunities.
Become Part of our Community
We recognize that our single greatest resource is our people, and our team members choose Avomeen not only to join our scientific knowledge-based community, but also to become part of a collaborative team committed to exemplary science and service to our clients. Successful Avomeen employees have a positive, client-centric outlook, and embody principles of integrity and leadership, as well as creativity, flexibility, and perseverance.",3.8,"Avomeen
3.8","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
199,Energetics Engineer (Research Scientist),$111k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Battelles founding mission to translate scientific discovery and technology advances into societal benefit is as relevant today as when we opened our doors over 90 years ago. Our science and technology enhance society's well-being and create critical innovations that drive scientific advances for the future. We conduct groundbreaking research and development, design and manufacture leading-edge products, and deliver critical services for commercial and government customers. Our work meets the needs of the nation when it matters most, and Battelle is committed to driving innovation today and for generations to come.
JOB SUMMARY
Battelle’s National Security Business Unit is currently seeking candidates for a full time, permanent position as an Energetics Engineer (Research Scientist) to provide support to government and commercial programs focused on the development, testing, evaluation, and implementation of materials, devices, and techniques designed to detect, provide protection against, and mitigate the effects of explosives.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Execution, data analysis, documentation, and client communication assistance on various projects involving munitions/explosives/small arms testing and evaluation.
Assistance in the resolution/troubleshooting of technical difficulties and safety hazards involving munitions/explosives/small arms testing and evaluation.
Assist in the design and planning of projects, potentially including technical leadership of small teams of multidisciplinary scientists and technical support staff in the performance of selected tasks/projects within time and budget constraints.
Drafting of documentation of laboratory findings and results, including progress reports, final reports, and presentations.
Assistance with posters, articles, and presentations for technical conferences.
Assist with business development efforts, including cost estimation and preparation of white papers and proposals.
Oversee, mentor and train lower-level staff.
Domestic travel of approximately 10% of the time, with some travel events lasting 1-2 weeks.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
Bachelor’s degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, or a related discipline.
Approximately 5 years of experience with munitions/explosives research, development, and/or test and evaluation
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Sole US citizenship, with the ability to obtain and maintain required government security clearances as a condition of employment.
Sufficient medical fitness to work in the laboratory and in the field to perform assigned duties, including working in test chambers, test ranges, munitions bunkers, and field environments.
The ability to work in a team environment.
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Experience with modeling and simulation of explosive/energetic events
Safe handling practices for munitions and ordnance
Small arms handling, modification, armoring, gunsmithing
Experience with instrumentation for characterizing properties of energetic materials (e.g., DSC/TGA, bomb calorimetry, etc.)
Experience with flash X-ray and high-rate data capture (video, audio, pressure, electrical)
Experience with leading DOD contracted efforts including DFARS, IDIQ, and OTA contracted research
Explosives formulation, synthesis, handling, and passivation, including military, commercial, and improvised explosives
Experience with aerosol generation/measurement, sampling, characterization, air pollution analysis, and/or spray systems.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelles competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers",3.3,"Battelle
3.3","West Jefferson, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1929,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
