,Job Title,Salary Range,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Data Engineer,"$67k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Locations: TX - Plano, United States of America, Plano, Texas

Data Engineer

Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative,inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs.

We are seeking Data Engineers who will be a part of a team thats building new analytical and machine learning tools and frameworks to exploit advantages in the latest developments in cloud computing. As aCapital One Data Engineer, youll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about#lifeatcapitalone and our commitment todiversity & inclusion by jumping toslides 25-40 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report.

What Youll Do:
Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies
Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems
Utilize programming languages like Java, Scala, Python and Open Source RDBMS and NoSQL databases and Cloud based data warehousing services such as Snowflake
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Perform unit tests and conducting reviews with other team members to make sure your code is rigorously designed, elegantly coded, and effectively tuned for performance
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
At least 2 years of experience in application development
At least 1 years of experience in big data technologies (Cassandra, Accumulo, HBase, Spark, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, or Zookeeper)
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's Degree
3+ years of experience in application development
1+ year experience working on streaming data applications (Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, and Flink
1+ years of experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or another public cloud service
1+ years of experience with Ansible / Terraform
2+ years of experience with Agile engineering practices
1+ years in-depth experience with the Hadoop stack (MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Hbase)
1+ years of experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo, Cassandra)
2+ years of experience developing Java based software solutions
2+ years of experience in at least one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell)
2+ years of experience developing software solutions to solve complex business problems
2+ years of experience with UNIX/Linux including basic commands and shell scripting
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.",4.0,"Capital One
4.0","Plano, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
1,Lead Data Engineer,"$126k-$209k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Locations: VA - Richmond, United States of America, Richmond, Virginia

Lead Data Engineer

Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative,inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs.

We are seeking Data Engineers who will be a part of a team thats building new analytical and machine learning tools and frameworks to exploit advantages in the latest developments in cloud computing. As aCapital One Data Engineer, youll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. Learn more about#lifeatcapitalone and our commitment todiversity & inclusion by jumping toslides 25-40 on our Corporate Social Responsibility Report.

What Youll Do:
Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies
Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems
Utilize programming languages like Java, Scala, Python and Open Source RDBMS and NoSQL databases and Cloud based data warehousing services such as Snowflake
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Perform unit tests and conducting reviews with other team members to make sure your code is rigorously designed, elegantly coded, and effectively tuned for performance
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
At least 6 years of experience in application development
At least 2 years of experience in big data technologies (Cassandra, Accumulo, HBase, Spark, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, or Zookeeper)
Preferred Qualifications:
Master's Degree
8+ years of experience in application development
3+ year experience working on streaming data applications (Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, and Flink
1+ years of experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or another public cloud service
2+ years of experience with Ansible / Terraform
3+ years of experience with Agile engineering practices
3+ years in-depth experience with the Hadoop stack (MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Hbase)
2+ years of experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo, Cassandra)
3+ years of experience developing Java based software solutions
5+ years of experience in at least one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell)
5+ years of experience developing software solutions to solve complex business problems
3+ years of experience with UNIX/Linux including basic commands and shell scripting
Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.",4.0,"Capital One
4.0","Richmond, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
2,Project Engineer II- HVAC,"$50k-$69k
(Glassdoor Est.)","PEOPLE FIRST: BUILDING TALENT BY DESIGN

Envise understands that people are key to our success as a company. The people who work for us, the people we serve, and the people who live and work in the buildings we design, build and optimize.

At Envise, we seek people that don’t just follow a career path, but who are looking to gain the best experiences and to have an impact wider than their own job. We believe in building talent and thrive on creating a strong company culture where you’ll feel engaged, challenged and valued.

If you’re ready for the next big step in your career and want the fun and fast paced excitement of a growing company, then JOIN our team of awesome ENVISERS and become a part of an organization that values RELATIONSHIPS, FUN, TRANSPARENCY, INNOVATION, COLLABORATION, SAFETY & INTEGRITY.

POSITION SUMMARY

How would you like to be part of building the LA area? With Envise, you'll be able to see our projects come to life!

Position Summary:

The Project Engineer is the entry point for a career in project management. Primary responsibility is to assist a project manager or managers to successfully coordinate a project using the necessary engineering, labor, equipment, materials, tools, and subcontracted services. This position requires the development of skills in estimating, scheduling and design to better understand the coordination of the design-build construction process.

What you will do:
Support field labor teams and provide Labor feedback
Help with equipment procurement and subcontractor selection
Assist with Document Control
Help coordinate the Design, Trades, and Subcontractors
Assemble complete submittal packages and other required project documentation information for use by the construction team.
Assist in budget analysis, cost and margin projections, estimate project changes & impacts
Assist in the development of project schedules.
What you will need to be successful:
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Mechanical Engineering, Civil Engineering, or Construction Management
Must have 1-3 years of experience in a related field
Basic ERP skills that will include inquiring, reviewing and printing job cost reports, labor feedback entry and purchase order entry.
Basic knowledge of HVAC design to include types of equipment utilized in the industry as well as general understanding of system operations (i.e. variable air, constant volume, refrigeration cycle).
Ability to read mechanical and plumbing CAD drawings, blueprints, submittals, and reports, so project process can be accurately tracked
Experience working on multiple projects with tight schedules and deadlines.
ENVISER BENEFITS

As an employee-owned company, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes excellent benefits for you and your family:
401(k) Plan with 50% Company Match(no cap) and immediate 100% vesting
Annual bonus program based upon performance, profitability, and achievement
Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance - 100% paid for Employees
Term Life, AD&D Insurance, and Voluntary Life Insurance
Disability Income Protection Insurance
Pre-tax Flexible Spending Plans (Health and Dependent Care)
Holidays/Vacation/Personal Time
Numerous training opportunities and company paid membership for professional associations and licenses
ABOUT US

Envise is a wholly owned subsidiary of Southland Industries (www.southlandind.com). As a building management systems integrator, Envise unites analytics, building automation, and equipment lifecycle management. Resulting in higher building performance, the organization’s integrated, data-driven approach helps improve facilities throughout the building lifecycle. Helping to manage both facilities and budgets, the knowledgeable experts at Envise form long-term, collaborative partnerships to meet customers’ goals and deliver customized building solutions (www.enviseco.com).

FOLLOW US

For more information on Envise, please visit our web site: www.enviseco.com, Glassdoor.com and LinkedIN.

To hear what our employees are saying about working at the companies of Southland Industries, check out our Career Video - Working at Southland

Southland Industries and all its subsidiaries is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. We are committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing our employees with a safe work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Southland Industries are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, gender, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, family care or medical leave status, veteran status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Southland Industries will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.

**All employment offers are contingent upon successful, drug test, background check and professional reference checks.**

*At this time we are unable to offer employment sponsorship*

If you don’t feel this position is match for you, we encourage you to share it with others. Feel free to share throughout your social networks and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram to keep up to date on what we’re doing as a company.",3.6,"Southland Industries
3.6","Garden Grove, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1949,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
3,Chief Maintenance Engineer,-1,"Job Description

The Chief Engineer is responsible for performing routine maintenance operations for our Retail Stores, Restaurant, and other businesses. Traveling to our stores with advance notice in multiple states on the east coast. Some over-night trips.

Performance of building operational tasks in one or more fields (e.g. carpentry; electrical; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) and Refrigeration; plumbing, etc.); Perform general cleaning. Perform other tasks as assigned. If you’re a Jack of all Trades and looking for an opportunity that is versatile, then this is the job for you! We are looking for someone who can follow direction with minimal supervision and has experience in maintenance and custodial duties!

Essential Functions

Perform diversified duties to install and maintain facilities.
Provide emergency/unscheduled repairs to facilities and scheduled maintenance repairs of facilities.
Perform service repair duties and responsibilities.
Perform service skills including, but not limited to, carpentry, plumbing, electrical, troubleshooting and repair of facilities.
Diagnose problems, replace or repair parts, test, and make adjustments.
Perform a variety of electrical, plumbing, carpentry maintenance functions.
Repair leaky faucets, toilets, dispensers, and snake clogged plumbing when necessary.
Wall cleaning, painting, plaster, and drywall when necessary.
Repair and replace doors and windows when necessary.
Minimum electrical work, depending on experience.
Operate and maintain a variety of mechanical tools and equipment such as power saws, power sanders, drills, air compressors, paint sprayers, and various hand tools required for carpentry, plumbing, and maintenance skills.
Supervises maintenance operations for the center, including but not limited to refrigeration, heating, plumbing, water treatment, preventative maintenance, front and back of house spaces, A/C units, ice machines, lighting, kitchen equipment, emergency generators, water softeners, switch rooms, roof exhausts, electrical substations, fire and life safety systems, and other systems and equipment owned, leased or managed by the Hotel.
Detect faulty operations, defective material and report those and any unusual situations to proper supervision.
Comply with safety regulations and maintain clean and orderly work areas.
Obtains bids and contracts for all items placed under a maintenance agreement as well as landscaping and snow removal contracts.
Develops and maintains an ongoing maintenance program for guestrooms, meeting rooms, public space back of the house spaces, kitchens and all Hotel equipment.
Performs inventory and purchasing duties as required.
Maintains cleanliness of grounds and attractiveness of landscaping.
Acts as Administrator on Duty as required.

Qualifications

A high school diploma or GED
Five (5) years experience or an equivalent combination of experience and training that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Minimum Three (3) years of HVAC experience
Must have a valid Driver’s License.
Must be able to read and write at a level necessary for successful job performance.
Follows through with all tasks, assignments, and job duties in a timely manner.
Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with other management staff, employees, and the general public.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Excellent problem-solving skills.
Be available on nights, weekends and holidays.

Physical Demands: Lifting 50 lbs. maximum with frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 25 lbs. Requires walking or standing to a significant degree, reaching, handling, feeling, talking, hearing, seeing.

Environmental Conditions: Both: Inside and outside: A job is considered ""both"" if the activities occur inside or outside in approximately equal amounts, approximately 75% or more of the time inside.

Noise and Vibration: Sufficient noise, either constant or intermittent, to cause marked distraction or possible injury to the sense of hearing, and/or sufficient vibration (production of an oscillating movement or strain on the body or its extremities from repeated motion or shock) to cause bodily harm if endured day after day.

Temperature Changes: Variations in temperature which are sufficiently marked and abrupt to cause noticeable bodily reactions.

Math Skills: Requires mathematical development sufficient to be able to: Compute ratio and proportion and percentages. Calculate surface, volumes, weight and measures.

Language Skills: Must have developed language skills to the point to be able to: Read instructions, safety rules, etc. Write reports with proper format, punctuation, spelling and grammar, using all parts of speech. Speak with poise, voice control and confidence using correct English and well-modulated voice.

Relationships to Data, People and Things:

Data: Coordinating: Determining time, place, and sequence of operations or action to be taken on the basis of analysis of data; executing determination and/or reporting on events.

People: Supervising: Determining or interpreting work procedures for a group of workers, assigning specific duties to them, maintaining harmonious relations among them and promoting efficiency. A variety of responsibilities is involved in this function.

Things: Handling: Using body members, hand tools, and/or special devices to work, move, or carry objects or materials.

Specific Vocational Preparation: Specific Vocational Preparation includes an occupationally significant combination of: vocational education, apprentice training, in-plant training, on-the-job training, or essential experience in less responsible jobs which lead to the higher job or serving in other jobs. Over 2 years up to and including 4 years

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

#INDHP",-1,R Wireless Verizon Wireless Premium Retailer,"Moorestown, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
4,Data Engineer,"$88k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Maxar is seeking a Data Engineer to join our team. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Data Engineers with analytic teams to create dynamic and flexible data storage solutions that can be queried in a wide variety of ways.

Life with Us

Project:
Were collecting and aggregating feature data from many different sources in order to model a spatial distribution. We use Apache NiFi and need a skilled developer to create and monitor inputs and implement streaming data enrichments for our analytic workflows.
The team is currently well-sorted with regards to geospatial tools and techniques, but to round out the team properly we need someone to help accelerate our backend development timelines.

Career:
Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.
Dedicated professional development time; conference attendance; corporate partner and industry training; peer groups; paid certifications; education reimbursement; student loan forgiveness; hackathons! And much more

Day-to-day with your colleague:
Youll be developing data pipelines and analytic enhancements. These transformations are used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:
Encouraging further analytic exploration.
Structuring data for use by multiple applications.
Enabling potential in the workforce that is otherwise stifled by imperfect technologies.
We work in very Lean Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum. Weve eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it!

Responsibilities:

Meet with the customer to understand and refine the requirements.
Use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations.
Understand the workflow of the project.
Work with the customer to implement any requested updates.
Move data storage to RDS.
Work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant.
Compile security controls and artifacts.
Contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a U.S. Citizen and have a TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.
Bachelor's degree in Geography or related field.
5 years of relevant, professional experience.
Experience automating workflows using Python Experience with SQL and/or PostgreSQL/PostGIS.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality Ability to communicate analysis to experts and laypersons alike.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS or willingness to learn.
Experience using Python with spatial data.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
5,Supply Chain Engineer Manager,"$73k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Supply Chain Engineer Manager will assist in development of innovative solutions to solve supply chain problems. This position will manage other engineers. Provides regular and proactive communications to customers and NFI management. The successful candidate will possess excellent technical skills and leadership experience combined with demonstrated interpersonal and teamwork skills

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Works on extremely complex and multi-dimensional solutions for multiple customers

Applies company methodologies and tools to design distribution and/or transportation operations

Establishes and implements performance measures

Actively supports the sales process and creates high quality solutions and designs

Provides proposal and presentation support and development

Makes Supply Chain strategy recommendations

Effectively interacts with customers, Sales, and Operations to create value propositions

Collaborates with Engineering and Operations Managers to implement efficient and competitive solutions

Manages multiple and complex Supply Chain projects

Provides resource planning based on priorities and demand signals

May assist in providing logistics training

Supervises a team of engineers (hire, promote, coach, development and performance management

Collects data and perform statistical analysis

Maps and documents processes

Develop responses to Requests for Proposal.

Provide analytical support for development of operational pricing and transportation solutions.

Collaborate with Operations and Sales to define client requirements and solution alternatives.

Identify and define business process improvement opportunities .

Recommend continuous improvement opportunities for existing clients

Work closely with Engineering and Pricing to determine the best opportunities to serve our customers

Present internal and external solutions to NFI operations and customer leadership

Requirements:

Bachelor's Degree in Engineering

Minimum 8 years’ experience in any of the following areas; transportation management, dedicated fleet operations, distribution center management, materials handling, decision support systems and technology

Masters Degree preferred

Knowledge of transportation operations

Data management and manipulation skills

Programming skills to manipulate large data-sets

Experience with routing and scheduling packages and transportation optimization software

Strong financial conceptual skills

Strong computer proficiency in MS Office applications

Demonstrated data manipulation skills with the ability to manage multiple projects at one time.

Excellent communications skills.

Experience preparing and presenting oral and written presentations to management and clients

Experience with supply chain technology (Appian, JDA, LLamasoft, Manugistics).

Well organized with high attention to detail and accuracy

Demonstrated ability to learn technical skills quickly

Understanding of optimization and/or simulation algorithms

Database skills, especially through SQL or Access

Knowledge in: VBA, Python, R, Matlab, Java, C++, or C# is a major plus

To all agencies: Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee of NFI about this opening. All resumes submitted by search firms/employment agencies to any employee at NFI via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of NFI, unless such search firms/employment agencies were engaged by NFI for this position and a valid agreement with NFI is in place. In the event a candidate who was submitted outside of the NFI agency engagement process is hired, no fee or payment of any kind will be paid.",3.3,"NFI Industries
3.3","Dallas, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1932,Company - Private,Logistics & Supply Chain,Transportation & Logistics,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
6,Senior Product Engineer,"$56k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","GENERAL SUMMARY

The Senior Product Engineer - supports all aspects throughout the manufacturing process from initial conception to delivery to the end customer. The Product Engineer communicates and collaborates with internal departments including sales, assembly, production control, quality and test engineering daily to assist in reaching company objectives.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS

Ø Creates, maintains, reviews and approves technical documentation such as datasheets, process specifications, reports and internal documents and specifications.

Ø Provides support on a range of products and services to internal departments and externally to customers. This includes but is not limited to; supporting the test floor, product claim validation, programming and yield analysis

Ø Ability to use oscilloscope and semiconductor hardware to evaluate semiconductor product performance

Ø Addresses other tasks as they arise such as; product characterization in a lab environment, data analysis, capacitance testing and hardware debug

Ø Prior hands-on experience as a Semiconductor Product Engineer

Ø Ability to interpret customer requirements into test and assembly specifications

Ø Familiarity with Data and Yield Analysis Tools

Ø Experience driving Device and Package Level Qualification

Ø Submits failures to failure analysis lab and understands semiconductor analysis techniques

Ø Drives closure of product test and assembly failure evaluations

OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Ø Modifies process flows based on historical trends to streamline the manufacturing process.

Ø Coordinates new product developments and tracking associated costs.

Ø Supporting Test Services, Programming and Burn In as needed.

Senior Product Engineer

We are searching for an experienced Senior Product Engineer at our Newburyport, MA - Bld 16 location.

GENERAL SUMMARY

The Senior Product Engineer - supports all aspects throughout the manufacturing process from initial conception to delivery to the end customer. The Product Engineer communicates and collaborates with internal departments including sales, assembly, production control, quality and test engineering daily to assist in reaching company objectives.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS

Ø Creates, maintains, reviews and approves technical documentation such as datasheets, process specifications, reports and internal documents and specifications.

Ø Provides support on a range of products and services to internal departments and externally to customers. This includes but is not limited to; supporting the test floor, product claim validation, programming and yield analysis

Ø Ability to use oscilloscope and semiconductor hardware to evaluate semiconductor product performance

Ø Addresses other tasks as they arise such as; product characterization in a lab environment, data analysis, capacitance testing and hardware debug

Ø Prior hands-on experience as a Semiconductor Product Engineer

Ø Ability to interpret customer requirements into test and assembly specifications

Ø Familiarity with Data and Yield Analysis Tools

Ø Experience driving Device and Package Level Qualification

Ø Submits failures to failure analysis lab and understands semiconductor analysis techniques

Ø Drives closure of product test and assembly failure evaluations

OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Ø Modifies process flows based on historical trends to streamline the manufacturing process.

Ø Coordinates new product developments and tracking associated costs.

Ø Supporting Test Services, Programming and Burn In as needed.

PREPARATION, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES

Ø Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering or equivalent

Ø A minimum 5+ years of relevant experience in the semiconductor manufacturing industry

Ø Equipment Used:

o Component ATE

o Component automated handling equipment

o Device Programmers

o Wafer probers

o Temperature forcing equipment

o Basic lab equipment

o Burn In chambers

o Personal computers

o Telephone









WORKING CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL DEMANDS

Social/Environmental Requirements:

Ø Strong organizational skills.

Ø Potential exposure to adverse environment conditions: Voltages / Current

Sensory Requirements

Ø Close work (paperwork, visual examination), visual clarity less than 1 foot, color/vision perception

Ø Hot/cold temperature

Ø Conversation

Ø Monitoring equipment

Ø Telephone

Ø Background noise

Physical Requirements

Ø Light/Medium physical work; seldom exerting force of 50 lbs., but at times pushing/lifting/carrying items up to 50 lbs., reaching above and below shoulder height

Ø Frequent walking

Ø Occasional standing, twisting and bending

Ø Power grasping, manipulation, pushing and pulling with both hands

Ø Moderate to Heavy keyboard use

Our company provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.",3.1,"Rochester Electronics
3.1","Newburyport, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1981,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
7,Software Engineer,"$82k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","$5,000-$10,000 Sign on Bonus

TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION YOU MUST HAVE AN ACTIVE TS/SCI W/ POLYGRAPH SECURITY CLEARANCE (U.S. CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED)


Senior Software Engineer:
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Join our team as a Senior Software Engineer and help our team develop, maintain, and enhance complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, real-time systems, and business management information systems) based upon documented requirements
Review and test software components for adherence to the design requirements and document test results
Provide specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)/Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components
Analyze user requirements to derive software design and performance requirements
Debug existing software and correct defects
Provide recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop or implement algorithms to meet or exceed system performance and functional standards
Assist with developing and executing test procedures for software components
Develop software solutions by analyzing system performance standards, confer with users or system engineers; analyze systems flow, data usage and work processes; and investigate problem areas
Confer with system engineers and hardware engineers to derive software requirements and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces
Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure operational specifications are met
Recommend new technologies and processes for complex software projects
Required Education and Experience:
Active or reinstatable TS/SCI clearance with polygraph required
U.S. Citizenship Required
20 years of experience as a Software Engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required
Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Science, Engineering Management or related discipline from an accredited college or University 5 years of additional SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a Bachelor’s degree
Software Languages (C, C++, Java, SQL, PHP, JavaScript, and jQuery)
Technologies: (NiFi, JDBC, JSON, AJAX, Spring boot)
Experience developing REST interfaces
Experience with JavaScript frameworks/ preference Angular2 but React and Vue are fine also
Typescript experience
Database SQL experience/ preference for PostgreSQL some NoSQL data-store experience
Network Programming
Vulnerability Research
EOE/AA Disability/Veteran

Desired Skills and Experience
System Security Certified Professional
Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP)
Ethical Hacker
Reverse Engineering Malware
Penetration Testing
Mid-Level Software Engineer:
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Join our team as a Software Engineer and help our team develop, maintain, and enhance complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, real-time systems, and business management information systems) based upon documented requirements
Review and test software components for adherence to the design requirements and document test results
Provide specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)/Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components
Analyze user requirements to derive software design and performance requirements
Debug existing software and correct defects
Provide recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop simple data queries for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Design or implement complex database or data repository interfaces/queries
Develop or implement algorithms to meet or exceed system performance and functional standards
Assist with developing and executing test procedures for software components
Develop software solutions by analyzing system performance standards, confer with users or system engineers; analyze systems flow, data usage and work processes; and investigate problem areas
Confer with system engineers and hardware engineers to derive software requirements and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces
Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure operational specifications are met
Recommend new technologies and processes for complex software projects
Required Education and Experience:
Active or reinstatable TS/SCI clearance with polygraph required
U.S. Citizenship Required
7 years of experience as a Software Engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required
Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Science, Engineering Management or related discipline from an accredited college or University 5 years of additional SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a Bachelor’s degree
Software Languages (C, C++, Java, SQL, PHP, JavaScript and jQuery)
EOE/AA Disability/Veteran",4.3,"Assured Information Security, Inc. (AIS)
4.3","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
8,"Senior Software Engineer, EvalML","$74k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx

Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company?

At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way. We want Alteryx to be recognized as much for our dynamic work culture as for our products.

About Alteryx Innovation Labs

The Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve dynamic problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we’re looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.

Position Overview

As a Senior Software Engineer on the AutoML team, you’ll be directly responsible for building a core machine learning library which powers Alteryx’s current and future products. You should be comfortable with the challenges of engineering systems for machine learning technologies, adept at software design and implementation, and readily able to solve complex challenges with mathematical dependencies.

Responsibilities
Maintain and improve the quality and performance of the AutomML package
Design, build and validate new machine learning pipelines
Author new features, from conception and design to implementation and testing
Integrate AutoML with other products and services
Promote a culture of rigorous software development practice and high quality standards
Be part of a dynamic, friendly and ambitious team with technical influence throughout Alteryx and beyond
***The company will not provide sponsorship for work visas or other employment authorization for this position***

Required Qualifications
Minimum 3 years experience as a software engineer
Experience writing production-quality code in Python
Experience with a broad variety of machine learning algorithms
Understanding of the math which powers machine learning and data analysis in general
Experience with data-related Python tools like NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, and Dask
Experience with debugging complex software issues and mathematical systems
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with AutoML algorithms and products
Experience with performance testing machine learning systems
Experience with API design
Experience building systems for distributed computation
Benefits & Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
9,Customer Support Engineer,"$26k-$31k
(Glassdoor Est.)","AFL provides industry-leading fiber optic products and services across the globe. Our company was founded in 1984 with a single fiber optic cable and now we manufacture over two thousand products, employ over 5,000 associates and consistently generate annual sales in excess of a billion-dollars in revenue. With our commitment to professional growth and employee development, let AFL“Connect” you to your next career opportunity!

The Customer Support Engineer position is responsible for interacting with all functions of the quotation and order fulfillment process including Customer Service, Scheduling, Material Planning, Purchasing, Logistics, Applications Engineering, Product Development, Product Management, and Manufacturing in order to meet customer expectations on deliveries by resolving logistical, operational and technical issues in a timely manner. For those orders needing detailed project management oversight, this position will serve as the project manager. Overall, the Customer Support Engineer will provide dedicated support to expediently resolve commercial and technical order challenges, which then leads to increased customer satisfaction and loyalty.

Responsibilities
Assist customer service with purchase order review in preparation for order entry
Review daily booking reports to confirm accuracy (part number, unit price, requested delivery versus quoted lead time, margin, inventory consumption, and market assignment). Take action to investigate and rectify any inconsistencies.
Participate in daily production meetings alongside cross-functional team members with the goal of identifying and resolving all obstacles early so that order fulfillment can be achieved on-time
Assist quote process by providing estimated lead times based on capacity, material constraints, backlog, forecasts, etc.
Manage forecasts based on input from sales and/or product management to ensure capacity and raw materials are available to meet customer timelines
Act as the onsite Project Manager for those contracts requiring detailed oversight
Develop a working technical knowledge of the product portfolio, customer uses and applications, and basics of fiber optics; assist the team with applications engineering support as needed
Escalate issues in operations that could detrimentally affect customer satisfaction to Specialty Cables Product Manager and assist with resolution
Resolve complications such as those related to logistics, customer service, support that prevent AFL from meeting customer requests
Identify inefficiencies in the quote and order management cycle and develop tools and processes to improve them
Adhere to and promote the environmental, health& safety policies of AFL
Perform other duties as requested, directed or assigned.
Requirements
4 year BS Engineering or Science degree
Minimum of 1 year working experience (Co-Op/Intern experience acceptable)
2+ years in fiber optic manufacturing a plus
2+ years of project management experience a plus
Excellent oral and written communications skills
Advanced level of MS Excel; proficient usage of additional MS Office Products– Word, PowerPoint, Outlook
Available to work beyond 5:00 pm as needed (remote availability is acceptable after hours)
Self-motivated, able to work independently and under tight deadlines with sense of urgency
Strong interpersonal and report writing skills
Must have a strong interest in servicing and satisfying the Customer
Ability to work with and influence cross-functional teams
Must have a strong interest in operational excellence, performance metrics and data analysis",3.5,"AFL
3.5","Duncan, SC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1984,Company - Private,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
10,Data Engineer,"$59k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer, St. Louis, MO
No C2C or sponsorship, must be our W2*
Note: There will be an on-line assessment in Java, Scala or Python
Required skills and experience:
• 5 years or more experience in Java, Scala or Python.
• Ability to perform complex data analysis with large volumes of data.
• Experience with stream processing, e.g. Kafka, Spark Streaming, Akka, Flink, etc..
• Expert level proficiency in SQL.
• Experience data modeling for large scale databases, either relational or NoSQL (graph, key:value, document, etc.)
• 5+ years experience with developing ETL/Data Pipeline solutions.
• Proven experience (2 years) with distributed systems, e.g. Mesos, Kubernetes, Spark, Hadoop, distributed databases, grid computing

Desired skills:
• Experience developing and utilizing Data Lakes.
• Experience with data privacy concerns
• Ability to build and maintain modern cloud architecture, e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, etc.
• Experience contributing to open source projects
• Knowledge of data science practices, to better steer our efforts to support them through the infrastructure we create",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
11,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
12,Site Reliability Engineer / DevOps / Linux,"Employer Provided Salary:
$55k-$75k","About us
Crafty Penguins is a growing team of Linux experts, some of whom have decades of experience with Linux technologies. We are a Linux division of an IT consulting firm Kerkhoff Technologies, which also has a Microsoft Windows division.Although Kerkhoff Technologies and Crafty Penguins are two separate teams with different skill sets, we’re one company. We all use the same ticket system, Slack and Wiki, sit at the same physical office and have the same leadership team.

We take pride in being a one-of-a-kind technology company that values relationships and people at every level – employees, clients, vendors and our community. Whether it be age, gender, race, culture or thought – we enjoy diversity and we welcome it!
Our mission is to help people do meaningful work by getting the right people in the right seats – helping people achieve their Highest And Best Use (HABU©). Our growing team of 25 offers expertise in Network Support, Linux Consulting, and Application Development. We are seeking a Senior-level Technician to join our team.

What does it take to do this job
Advanced knowledge of Linux operating systems, preferably Debian
Expertise configuring and troubleshooting Apache, NGINX, and HAProxy
Supporting diverse database systems
Supporting various support services like DNS, DHCP, AMPQ brokers, SMTP, SNMP, LDAP, SSH, etc.
Experience scripting in at least two of the following languages: Python, Bash
Expertise with configuration management systems such as Saltstack (preferred), Puppet, Ansible, and/or Chef
Experience with package management systems for various Linux operating systems including package creation
Experience with virtualized environments (KVM or Xen or ESX)
Experience with container virtualized environments like LXC (Docker), OpenVZ
Hands-on experience with cloud environments such as AWS, CloudStack, or OpenStack
Intermediate knowledge of networking and load-balancing concepts
Experience with monitoring systems, such as Nagios, Sensu, Shinken
Experience collecting and aggregating log data (Like ELK Stack)
Experience collecting and aggregating metric data (Collectd, Graphana, etc.)
Experience with Cassandra or other NoSQL databases is a plus
Experience working with Docker containers and Kubernetes is a plus
Experience with general software engineering principals and working with diverse programming languages.
What we offer
Great People & Great Culture
Flexible Work Hours
True Work/Life Balance
Competitive Salary
Awesome Benefits
Vacation Time + Banked Time
Advancement Opportunities
***Apply Now – Send us your cover letter and resume that includes a link to your LinkedIn profile and the word Pepsi",5.0,"Kerkhoff Technologies
5.0",Remote,-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
13,iOS Engineer,-1,"ACV Auctions is reinventing a $100 billion industry through an online, wholesale vehicle marketplace that provides car dealerships a more effective and transparent way of buying and selling wholesale vehicles through 20-minute auctions. Our technology modernizes the entire arc of auction operations, providing third- party inspections, account management, title and payment processing, managing arbitration and transportation. The company strives to be the most trusted source in the industry for dealers to buy and sell wholesale vehicles. The company is growing 300% year-over-year and recently completed a $150 million Series E funding round from investors such as Bessemer Venture Partners and Bain Capital Ventures.

Who we are looking for:

ACV Auctions is looking for an iOS Software Engineer that is responsible for the development and maintenance of our iOS applications for a diverse and vast number of devices. You will work alongside software and production engineers to build and ship new features that will drive the growth of ACV Auctions.Commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and creating quality products is essential.

What you will do:
Work closely with our product and design teams to develop the future of ACV Auctions.
Collaborate with a team to define, design, and ship new features
Design, build, and maintain high performance, reusable, and reliable Swift & JS/React Native code.
Contribute industry best practices and technology to the development and maintenance of our applications.
Help maintain code quality by implementing bug fixes and code reviews.
Design, build and automate high-quality unit, integration, and UI tests that scale with app growth.
What you will need:


A minimum of 3 years experience in iOS development.
Proficient with Swift and JS/React Native
Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc.
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools
Knowledge of low-level C-based libraries is preferred
Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools
Familiarity with continuous integration
What we will offer:
Competitive salary and benefits
Upbeat Innovated Culture
Professional training opportunities
Flexible schedules
ACV Auctions is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

#LI-JK1",3.5,"ACV Auctions
3.5",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
14,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer Northern, VA

Machine Learning Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Machine Learning (ML) Engineers to produce automated anomaly/object detection and characterization, forecasting, optimization, and recommendation solutions to national security challenges using modular, cloud-native, API-centric approaches. These solutions will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on incorporating machine learning insights to automate and scale analysis and improve decision support. Teams will be working in a highly collaborative environment and expected to identify opportunities to apply and improve data-driven insights and support related design and development within big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Engage with mission owners/operators to discover applications for ML, set project expectations, define requirements, and review results
Design and develop reusable workflows for data integration, transformation, and feature engineering required to train models
Train and validate models, often in big data, distributed environments
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand data and model-derived insights
Perform model introspection to understand model behaviors and explain predictions
Visualize data and model-derived insights to communicate internally and externally
Integrate models into operational systems
Lead trade studies, analyses of alternatives, and assessments of existing systems
Develops or provides input to engineering artifacts
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 5 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Ability to describe the data assumptions and processing steps of common machine learning methods, and which methods are appropriate for a variety of use cases
Expertise with ML libraries, like Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, PySpark, MXNet, MLib, and Weka
Experience with ML platforms, like KNIME, Spark, SageMaker, H2O, and TensorFlow
Familiarity with Java, Python, and SQL including related ecosystems and frameworks, like Eclipse and Jupyter Notebook
Familiarity with visualization tools, preferably Qlik, Tableau, Plotly, Kibana, Matplotlib, and QGis
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong written and oral communications skills
Able to work independently and self-identify tasks
Ability to review and maintain existing code and applications
Ability to research and evaluate new concepts and processes to improve performance
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with time series forecasting
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Machine Learning Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
15,Software Engineer I - Software Configuration Management,-1,"**This position is for early career individuals who have less than 2 years of professional work experience and who will receive a degree during the current academic year or who received their degree within the last 18 months.***
Overview:
Raytheon Missiles and Defense (RMD) is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense, security and civil markets where youll be part of a global team working together to solve some of the most demanding challenges on the planet. We are the world's largest developer, producer and integrator of weapon systems. In fact, we've produced over one million missiles in our history. Military forces in more than 50 countries look to us for a high-quality product portfolio that includes missiles, smart munitions, projectiles, kinetic kill vehicles and directed energy weapons. We are able to accomplish this feat because our employees live our Values of Trust, Respect, Collaboration, Innovation and Accountability. Diversity is a part of our culture and a key to our success. When world-class talent works together in a place that is respectful and inclusive, we solve some of the world's hardest problems.

We know that a diverse company is a strong company. The people of Raytheon Technologies come from different backgrounds. We value our different perspectives and styles of tackling the worlds most complex challenges and toughest threats. Through Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), our employees are empowered to impact business results, build professional networks, advocate for causes that matter to them and contribute to their local communities. Diversity of thought is critical to the future of innovation. We leverage these unique voices to generate solutions toward a united and singular purpose: to define the future of aerospace.

Job Description:
The Configuration and Data Management (CDM) organization is responsible for ensuring our products are under configuration control and delivered on time. The CDM organization consists of multiple disciplines that support engineering, our program offices and our customers. Disciplines in the CDM organization participate in the life cycle of our products from conception to deactivation. The CDM organization is comprised of Hardware Configuration Management and Integrated Design Check (CM/IDC), Software Configuration Management (SWCM), and Data Management, Engineering Support and Execution (DEX).

The Software Configuration Management (SWCM) department follows the basic principles of Configuration Management. SWCM establishes and maintains integrity for all digital products throughout the entire life cycle. The SWCM Department provides innovative solutions through automation, continuous improvement and a skilled workforce providing support for all computing products including embedded software, firmware/configurable logic, test equipment, simulation, Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) and tools (Digital Products).

The Software Configuration Management Engineer plans, coordinates, and executes digital Configuration Management (CM) activities, including:
Design, plan, enforce and coordinate CM processes and procedures
Configuration Planning & Identification
Change Management & Version Control
Status Accounting & Configuration Audits
Product Release
Manage digital product development libraries
Document and maintain guidelines and standards for dependency management, build and versioning
SWCM Tool administration / Manage all access to the source code repository (i.e. Microsoft Azure DevOps Server (ADS) / Git)
Facilitate the Digital Change Review Board (DCRB)
Maintain familiarity with program schedule, identifying risks and aligning work to promote reuse and efficiency
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Required Education/Skills:
Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM). Must be either currently pursuing degree or degree must have been granted in the last 18 months.
Experience with scripting programming languages (i.e., Perl, Kshell, batch, Python, Ruby, Jenkins, or Chef)
U.S. Citizenship is required
Desired Skills:
ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. 3.0 cumulative GPA desired
An existing DOD secret clearance
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Capable of solving complex problems, sharing knowledge and documenting work
Experience with SWCM tools (Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) - Git, IBM Rational Team Concert (RTC), and/or IBM Rational Synergy
Knowledge of Continuous Improvement, Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) concepts
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures
Demonstrated ability to work with colleagues who represent a diversity of work and conflict resolution styles
Location:
This position is located in beautiful Tucson, AZ. Tucson has a friendly,caring and laid-back atmosphere, combined with the innovation and energy of ametropolitan region and recognized as one of Americas 10 Best Small Cities. Surrounded by beautiful mountains, colorful Sonoran Desert landscape andmajestic saguaro cacti, Tucson is blessed with some of natures best work.Tucson is known for its bright blue skies, and with more than 310 sunny days peryear, Tucsons fantastic weather lets residents enjoy the outdoors year-round.

Benefits:
Student Loan Repayment Contribution Program
Paid Parental Leave
Educational Assistance
9/80 work schedule Every other Friday off
Onsite Wellness Program Health Screenings/Flu Shots
401K Savings & Investment Plan
Paid Time Off
Rstars is an enterprise-wide recognition program that allows you to give and receive thanks for notable and exceptional performance.
Clearance:
This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance. The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process. Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement. Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens. https://www.state.gov/m/ds/clearances/c10978.htm
**Please upload a copy of your most recent transcripts with your resume when applying to this requisition. Please include your cumulative GPA and projected graduation date on your resume.*** 168022

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
16,Software Engineer II - Software Configuration Management,-1,"**This position is for early career individuals who have less than 2 years of professional work experience and who will receive a degree during the current academic year or who received their degree within the last 18 months.***
Overview:
Raytheon Missiles and Defense (RMD) is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense, security and civil markets where youll be part of a global team working together to solve some of the most demanding challenges on the planet. We are the world's largest developer, producer and integrator of weapon systems. In fact, we've produced over one million missiles in our history. Military forces in more than 50 countries look to us for a high-quality product portfolio that includes missiles, smart munitions, projectiles, kinetic kill vehicles and directed energy weapons. We are able to accomplish this feat because our employees live our Values of Trust, Respect, Collaboration, Innovation and Accountability. Diversity is a part of our culture and a key to our success. When world-class talent works together in a place that is respectful and inclusive, we solve some of the world's hardest problems.

We know that a diverse company is a strong company. The people of Raytheon Technologies come from different backgrounds. We value our different perspectives and styles of tackling the worlds most complex challenges and toughest threats. Through Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), our employees are empowered to impact business results, build professional networks, advocate for causes that matter to them and contribute to their local communities. Diversity of thought is critical to the future of innovation. We leverage these unique voices to generate solutions toward a united and singular purpose: to define the future of aerospace.

Job Description:
The Configuration and Data Management (CDM) organization is responsible for ensuring our products are under configuration control and delivered on time. The CDM organization consists of multiple disciplines that support engineering, our program offices and our customers. Disciplines in the CDM organization participate in the life cycle of our products from conception to deactivation. The CDM organization is comprised of Hardware Configuration Management and Integrated Design Check (CM/IDC), Software Configuration Management (SWCM), and Data Management, Engineering Support and Execution (DEX).

The Software Configuration Management (SWCM) department follows the basic principles of Configuration Management. SWCM establishes and maintains integrity for all digital products throughout the entire life cycle. The SWCM Department provides innovative solutions through automation, continuous improvement and a skilled workforce providing support for all computing products including embedded software, firmware/configurable logic, test equipment, simulation, Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) and tools (Digital Products).

The Software Configuration Management Engineer plans, coordinates, and executes digital Configuration Management (CM) activities, including:
Design, plan, enforce and coordinate CM processes and procedures
Configuration Planning & Identification
Change Management & Version Control
Status Accounting & Configuration Audits
Product Release
Manage digital product development libraries
Document and maintain guidelines and standards for dependency management, build and versioning
SWCM Tool administration / Manage all access to the source code repository (i.e. Microsoft Azure DevOps Server (ADS) / Git)
Facilitate the Digital Change Review Board (DCRB)
Maintain familiarity with program schedule, identifying risks and aligning work to promote reuse and efficiency
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Required Education/Skills:
Master of Science or Master of Arts degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM). Must be either currently pursuing degree or degree must have been granted in the last 18 months.
Experience with scripting programming languages (i.e., Perl, Kshell, batch, Python, Ruby, Jenkins, or Chef)
U.S. Citizenship is required
Desired Skills:
ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. 3.0 cumulative GPA desired
An existing DOD secret clearance
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Capable of solving complex problems, sharing knowledge and documenting work
Experience with SWCM tools (Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) - Git, IBM Rational Team Concert (RTC), and/or IBM Rational Synergy
Knowledge of Continuous Improvement, Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) concepts
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures
Demonstrated ability to work with colleagues who represent a diversity of work and conflict resolution styles
Location:
This position is located in beautiful Tucson, AZ. Tucson has a friendly,caring and laid-back atmosphere, combined with the innovation and energy of ametropolitan region and recognized as one of Americas 10 Best Small Cities. Surrounded by beautiful mountains, colorful Sonoran Desert landscape andmajestic saguaro cacti, Tucson is blessed with some of natures best work.Tucson is known for its bright blue skies, and with more than 310 sunny days peryear, Tucsons fantastic weather lets residents enjoy the outdoors year-round.

Benefits:
Student Loan Repayment Contribution Program
Paid Parental Leave
Educational Assistance
9/80 work schedule Every other Friday off
Onsite Wellness Program Health Screenings/Flu Shots
401K Savings & Investment Plan
Paid Time Off
Rstars is an enterprise-wide recognition program that allows you to give and receive thanks for notable and exceptional performance.
Clearance:
This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance. The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process. Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement. Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens. https://www.state.gov/m/ds/clearances/c10978.htm
**Please upload a copy of your most recent transcripts with your resume when applying to this requisition. Please include your cumulative GPA and projected graduation date on your resume.*** 168024

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
17,Senior Principal Engineer,-1,"We are seeking a Senior Principal Engineer to join our product development team. In this role, you will be a technical leader on our Lexio team. Lexio is an innovative product that combines data analysis, natural language generation, and an intuitive user experience to reimagine Business Intelligence. As a Senior Principal Engineer, you will have technical ownership over significant parts of the Lexio codebase. You will be challenged with a diverse set of projects including greenfield product development and system-level platform improvements.

While technical work will be your primary focus, you are a problem solver at your core. You are a collaborator who is energized by working with the entire spectrum of the Lexio team; engineering, product, design, customer success, and go-to-market. You are driven to build something great and resilient to the fact that customer and user needs often change. You take delight in:
Using creativity and innovation to make products better for the end-user every day
Working on unique technical problems in the emerging field of data storytelling
Working in small teams to efficiently design and build solutions to novel problems
Expressing your perspective even when it may not be a popular one
Mentoring people and believing that a great product comes from great team collaboration
Qualifications
7+ years of professional software development experience
Proven expertise of Python or equivalent
Experience with Unix / Linux systems (e.g. Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat, etc.)
Familiarity with cloud computing, particularly AWS
Demonstrated ability to write clean, helpfully-commented and readable code
Proven ability to collaborate and influence cross-functionally
A drive to learn constantly with an analytical and problem-solving mindset
A passion for growing as an engineer and helping others grow
Experience with owning a technical roadmap, defining developer standards, and promoting best practices across the engineering organization
A knack for debugging unfamiliar problems
Proven experience dealing with ambiguity
Bonus
Experience with statistics and/or machine learning
Experience building modern front-apps (e.g. React/Redux, Angular, Vue)
About the Engineering Team @ Narrative Science

The Engineering team at Narrative Science specializes in delivering high-value cloud-based solutions to customers. Specifically, we are responsible for building and innovating on an insightful and personalized data storytelling platform. We work a lot with data pipelines, analytics, natural language generation (NLG), continuous deployment tooling, and cloud architecture.

Culture @ Narrative Science

Narrative Science believes that data storytelling can empower everyone to understand and take action from their data. Our mission is to build software that leverages artificial intelligence to automatically turn data into easy-to-understand reports, transforms statistics into stories, and converts numbers into knowledge.

Our core virtues (mission-driven, impactful, team first, innovative) are ingrained in everything we do, from how we develop our technology to how we interact with customers to how we hire people. Since 2020, we have embraced a remote approach and are on a journey to ingrain that in our culture. All while being immersed in our culture of learning, collaboration, innovation, and customer impact.

At Narrative Science, we embrace the diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives of our future employees, colleagues, customers, partners, and other stakeholders. We provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.1,"Narrative Science
4.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
18,Data Analyst,"$33k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our data operations team is the pharmacy support system for our customers - we help them transition to divvyDOSE, manage their prescriptions, answer their questions, and coordinate care with their health team. This work is coordinated across pharmacists, technicians, and customer support staff to ensure we provide the best care for our customers. Among other things, we transfer prescriptions to and from other pharmacies, contact medical care providers to understand treatments and request prescription refills and answer inbound questions from our customers.

You will:


Your goal is to help the operation run more effectively and efficiently through data analysis, reporting, dash-boarding, and special projects. You will help us build context through better reporting and drive the business forward by providing data-driven recommendations on ways to improve efficiency and optimize our operation. On any given day you might be presenting to our executive team, doing a deep dive on call analytics, or working with a small team to prototype and test new processes.
Become an expert and go-to resource for our process flows and our operational data
Work with operations management to develop actionable operations performance dashboards across all areas of the organization
Perform ad-hoc data analysis to identify measurable improvements to our operation, and advocate for those improvements via presentations and reports
Maintain and improve operations forecasting models
Collaborate with Finance and Technology teams to ensure we are able to continue to effectively measure our operation as technology improves
Communicate effectively and efficiently across multiple teams and work groups
Requirements
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to tackling very loosely defined problems and still deliver high-quality output
Advanced proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and strong written and oral communication
Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment
3-5 years of analyst experience
Bachelor's degree, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
Experience with BI tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus
Job Title: Data Analyst

Job Type: Full-time

FLSA Status: Exempt

Benefits

In addition to competitive salary and a unique opportunity to thrive at a growing company, divvyDOSE offers various formal benefits as well.

INSURANCE, PAID TIME OFF, & RETIREMENT

Full-time employees receive Sick days, Vacation days, and Holiday Bonuses as well as employer-paid Medical (including a Health Savings Account with an employer contribution), Dental, Vision, and Life insurance. In addition, we're proud to offer Voluntary Life & AD&D, Short Term Disability, and Long Term Disability coverage. A 401k plan with employer contribution is available, too.

SOCIAL EVENTS

In our company description, you can tell the divvyTEAM likes to have fun. Regular potlucks, company events, pizza days, wellness challenges, and divvyNEWS You Can Use updates maintain our work-hard play-hard culture.

divvyDOSE provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in the United States.

Apply for this job",3.4,"divvyDOSE
3.4","Moline, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
19,Biological Data Scientist,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311168

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to execute on existing projects as well as lead in the development of new research proposals. Expertise in statistics, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects participation in publishing, project leadership, and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 5 years of experience, MS/MA with 3 years of experience, or PhD with 1 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ MS/MA or PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-04_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-14_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
20,Treasury Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
21,Platform Engineer,"$106k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Come work for a Top Employer in Denver, and help save lives!
ZOLL Data is a leading digital health technology company servicing the needs of medics, firefighters, and other lifesavers. Our healthcare cloud-based technology solutions lead the industry in providing mission critical service to industries that provide life-saving services. We have the resources and stability of a large company, but the nimbleness, ambition, and determination of a startup, because we used to be one. Our vision is to improve lives through transformational People and Products.
Perks & Benefits: ZOLL provides a casual work environment, competitive salaries, and a compensation structure that rewards contribution and hard work. Additionally, we have stocked kitchens, free daily organic fruit delivery, on-site fitness center, on-site cafe, dry cleaning service and much more! Our full benefits package includes 401(k), medical, dental, vision, life, AD&D, flex spending accounts and STD/LTD.
We are looking for a Platform Engineer to evaluate, execute, and evangelize Reliability Engineering practices and activities across the entire R&D organization, providing best practices and ensuring our SaaS & hosted platforms are fully automated, monitored and stable from Deployment to Decommission. You will have the opportunity to reevaluate and redesign cloud-based systems to accommodate customer growth and application scalability.
Responsibilities:
Provide automated and orchestrated management and technical solutions to complex problems for ZOLL Data's commerce platforms.
Provide guidance and expert-level support to product developers and support staff as part of ZOLL's Site Reliability Engineering team.
Contribute to AWS architecture, development, maintenance, automation and orchestration for application pools, websites, data services, virtual networks, security, monitoring, service discovery, and other platform services.
Responsible for ensuring that assignments are delivered on schedule and in accordance with ZOLL quality standards.
Contribute to the successful completion of all aspects of major programs.
Contribute in defining and following patterns, best practices, and strategies for source control, branching, and deployments.
Enhance platform services and stability of deployments by using tools such as Terraform, CloudFormation, Ansible, GIT, Artifactory, Jenkins and Packer.
Participate with Architects and product development teams within Agile processes to build rock-solid services and expand our SaaS and Hosting portfolio.
Contribute in the definition of and encourage patterns for local developer environments to ensure consistency across all products and production builds
Define, promote, and maintain SRE best practices across the ZOLL organization and product lines
Collaboratively participate with team members to identify areas for improvement and drive solutions.
Work in Jira to manage Agile story production and escalated technical issues.
Participate in critical incident management and root cause analysis.
Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science
2 years of experience in server administration (Linux or Windows) in AWS
2 years of experience Network Engineering in AWS
2 years of experience in scripting or development languages (PowerShell, Bash, Python, Ruby, JSON, Java, AngularJS, Node.JS)
Experience with DevOps practices and capabilities
Experience with configuration management tools (Ansible, Chef, Puppet or Salt)
Experience developing ""infrastructure as code"" in a Cloud environment (AWS, Azure, Google)
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, work unsupervised, and participate in after-hours on-call rotation.
Preferred Qualifications:
Any Public Cloud experience (AWS, Azure or GCP)
Microsoft .NET, SQL and IIS experience
Experience working in an Agile Development environment
Microsoft Remote Desktop Services/Citrix XenApp (VirtualApp) experience a plus
Any one or more of the following:
Amazon AWS Certified Solutions Architect certification
Amazon AWS Certified Developer certification
Amazon AWS Certified SysOps Administrator certification
Amazon AWS DevOps certification
Knowledge of the principles of service support as defined in the ITIL framework


ZOLL values diversity. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.",2.7,"ZOLL Data Management
2.7","Broomfield, CO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
22,Want to be a Big Data Engineer?,-1,"Big Data Engineer

Full-Time. Multiple Locations

Annual Salary Range: Based on experience

Full benefits including:

Medical/Dental/Vision /Paid travel/Paid Time Off/ 401(k) savings plan
Who We Are: *
Enhance IT is an IT/Management firm that specializes in continued education, placement and IT consultation. We are an industry leader in providing top-level skilled and experienced consultants in a variety of technologies to meet our client’s needs in today’s fast paced environment.
What you will be doing: *
You will be joining our growing team of analytics experts. We want individuals who are comfortable asking “why”. The ideal candidate is a data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing a company’s data architecture to support next generation and data initiatives. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. They are a team player possessing strong analytical as well as technical skills and are able to communicate the logic behind technical decisions to non-tech stakeholders.
What you need for this position: *
Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent quantitative field and 3+ years of experience in a similar Big Data Engineer role.
Demonstrated ability to build processes that support data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to project manage and work with cross-functional teams
Working SQL knowledge with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Bonus points: *
Relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Object-oriented/Object function scripting languages such as Python, Scala, etc.
Job Type: Full-time",3.8,"Enhance IT
3.8","Lynchburg, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
23,Software Data Engineer,-1,"_Do you love building *world-class software*? Do you enjoy *tackling challenges head-on *and digging into technology stacks to solve problems? _

_Are you *passionate about writing high-performing code* that scales well? _

_Do you want to be part of a collaborative team that thinks differently? _

If so, we need you to be our *new Software Data Engineer.* The Software Data Engineer is a vital member of our tech team, working across the software development life cycle to bring us high-performing and scalable software solutions.
Who We Are: *Spire Collective is a team of creators on a mission to help people enjoy their lives. We accomplish this by thinking differently about product design and being a little obsessed with continuous improvement - for ourselves, our team, our products, and our customers. Founded in 2009 as a bootstrapped team of 1, we have developed into a growing company with a current team of around 20. It all started with StoreYourBoard, our award-winning product design and eCommerce brand, creating and delivering the products that help outdoor-enthusiasts around the world make time for adventure. With our headquarters just east of Charlottesville in Troy, VA, we’ve built a culture around shared core values such as always improving, thinking differently, and “do it in-house.” Join us on our journey to becoming a globally recognized brand!
Who You Are: * An innovative self-starter with a passion for technology and a keen interest in eCommerce. You excel in a smaller, collaborative team, owning your area and stepping up to the challenges that come with it. A successful candidate will bring a growth-oriented mindset and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced and ever-changing entrepreneurial environment.
The Opportunity*: The Software Data Engineer will be our in-house Python development and data engineering expert. You will lead the upgrade and customization of our Python-based inventory management software, Odoo, to support our operations as an eCommerce business. You will design and implement data pipeline workflows using Apache Airflow to process company data. To be a successful candidate, you excel at synthesizing business priorities with development projects to bring the right solutions to fruition.
Key Responsibilities: *
As the lead developer on a major project to upgrade and customize our Python-based inventory management software (Odoo), you will develop, test, and debug a critical system for our Team
You’ll be responsible for translating our user and business needs into functional Odoo modules using Python, JQuery, PostgresSQL, and XML
You’ll maintain and customize Odoo add-ons, implementing new features, creating customized reports, and building new functional business modules
You’ll design and implement data pipeline workflows using Apache Airflow to process company data
Working closely with our Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, you’ll implement cloud-based Machine Learning platforms to refine our demand forecasting capabilities
Upon completion of these projects, you will operate as our Odoo and Data Platform subject matter expert, maintaining and continuously improving these systems
You’ll have the opportunity to grow into full-stack web application development with a variety of languages which support our internal tools, store front, marketing, fulfillment, customer service, and data analytics functions
You’ll design, develop, test, and deploy new software platforms, tools, and features
You’ll write understandable, testable code with an eye toward maintainability and scalability
You’ll collaborate with the tech team to produce software solutions that meet functional requirements, work well, and are delivered on time
You’ll defend the integrity of the codebase, never compromising on code quality
You’ll become a domain expert in eCommerce by working closely across functional teams and a variety of stakeholders
You’ll promote constant refactoring while developing features or touching existing code to keep the codebase as clean as possible
You’ll learn and adapt continuously to modern technical excellence practices and techniques
You will lead high-impact projects in analyzing available data to develop actionable insights into systems and software performance
You’ll take initiative towards exploring new technologies, identifying opportunities and new practices that positively impact our success
You’ll maintain extensive documentation and create knowledge artifacts in your area of responsibility
Your Qualifications: *
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or relevant equivalent experience
Minimum 4 years’ experience in back end software development
Significant experience with Python development
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems
Experience coding with PHP, MySQL, Javascript, HTML, and CSS
You Also Bring: *
Strong expertise in Python and SQL
Concrete understanding of object-oriented design and programming
Demonstrated ability to integrate multiple data sources/databases into one system
Solid experience of design principles behind a scalable application, data structure, and API version controlling systems
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work both independently and as part of team
High level of attention-to-detail and excellent organizational skills
Bonus Points: *
Technical and functional knowledge of Odoo (formerly called OpenERP) modules and features
Some experience working with the Vue.js Javascript framework
Experience programming, scheduling, and monitoring workflows using Apache Airflow
Experience as a full-stack developer for an eCommerce company
To Apply: * Apply directly with your cover letter and resume; let us know why you would be an awesome candidate for this opportunity!
For more information about Spire Collective, our products, and our team, visit *our website (www.spirecollective.com)*, LinkedIn company page, and glassdoor page.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
software development: 4 years (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B visa status)?
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"Spire Collective
4.4","Troy, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Sporting Goods Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
24,Sr. Electrical Engineer,-1,"TeleDevices, LLC* is AS9100D certified provider of advanced Engineering Design and Production Services to the Department of Defense. Our engineers provide innovative technical solutions in the Avionics, Electronic Warfare and Communications fields to our US military customers. TeleDevices offers competitive salaries, excellent benefits and work environment at our Duluth, GA facility.
We are currently seeking Electrical Engineers with hands-on FPGA, DSP or RF design experience. You will be part of our engineering team to provide high quality engineering design services to our US military customers.
Responsibilities: *
Design, simulate, debug, and test TADIL-A LINK-11 modem involving FPGAs, DSP, digital, analog and RF circuits
Use Mentor Graphics tools such as DxDesigner for circuit schematic capture and simulation.
Develop, debug and test prototypes in the lab
Support Qualification testing to meet MIL-STD-810 and MIL-STD-461 requirements
Support acceptance testing and test development using LabVIEW based ATS
Develop technical data package
Qualifications: *
BSEE or MSEE with 5+ years hands-on experience of designing embedded micro-controller/FPGA based systems, DSP, analog/digital circuits, and/or RF circuits
TADIL-A/ LINK-11 or TADIL-J/ LINK-16 design experience is a plus.
FPGA/VHDL or RF modem design experience is desirable
Familiarity with DxDesigner, ModelSim, pSpice or LabVIEW required
Experience with EW/Avionics, Data Link Modem design, EMI/EMC testing is a plus
US Citizenship required
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $105,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Electrical Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
Digital/Analog Circuit Design: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Fully Remote
Company's website:
TeleDevices, LLC
Company's Facebook page:
TeleDevices, LLC
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.0,"TeleDevices, LLC
3.0","Duluth, GA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
25,"Senior Staff Engineer, CAD","$94k-$214k
(Glassdoor Est.)","pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

The Senior Staff CAD Engineer will be responsible for supporting circuit design EDA tools and process design kits (PDKs) for Analog, RF, Mixed-Signal, and Digital design flows using primarily Cadence tools. As an individual contributor, you will be expected to possess necessary programming skills and circuit design knowledge to allow you to QA, support, develop, and enhance the EDA tools and the associated PDKs used by the Design, Modeling, and Technology teams.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
Work on significant projects with Design, Technology, and Modeling teams to manage and develop PDKs
Develop, support, and maintain physical verification rule decks using Cadence PVS/Quantus
Execute roadmaps for PDK feature additions to improve designer productivity
Provide day-to-day technical support to the design, modeling, and technology teams
Maintain CAD policies, processes, and contribute to the development of best practices
Manage PDK release process
Evaluate and deploy new circuit design EDA tools as required to meet designer needs
Develop, maintain, and support utilities to improve productivity
Provide written documentation and training materials
Work closely with the EDA software vendors to resolve tool bugs and drive new feature additions
Drives cross functional team meetings; act as a technical lead
Understands pSemi business needs; use business acumen to work closely with Design engineers; translates design into CAD update
Give direction to junior CAD team members
Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Critical Thinking: Skilled at finding logical flaws in arguments and plans; identifies problems and solutions that others might miss; provides detailed insight and constructive criticism into problems and complex situations
Working with Ambiguity: Achieves forward progress in the face of poorly defined situations and/or unclear goals; able to work effectively with limited or partial information
Displaying Technical Expertise: Keeps his/her technical skills current; effectively applies specialized knowledge and skills to perform work tasks; understands and masters the technical skills, knowledge, and tasks associated with his/her job; shares technical expertise with others
Driving for Results: Aggressively pursues challenging goals and objectives; will to put in considerable time and effort to accomplish objectives; takes a highly focused, goal driven approach toward work
Serving Customers: Builds strong relationships with customers; stays aware of customer needs, concerns and satisfaction; responds promptly to customer questions and requests; effectively manages customer expectations
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
12 years of relevant experience
Experience with developing and maintaining pCells within the Cadence environment
Experience with writing DRC/LVS rule decks
Experience with defining and implementing parasitic extraction methodologies
Hands on experience with scripting and software development (C, Perl, SKILL)
Hands on experience with Linux/UNIX operating systems
Familiarity with CAD system administration tasks
Familiarity with change and configuration management systems, issue tracking, and revision control systems
Preferred Qualifications
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and English proficiency
Self-motivated and team oriented
Education Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com",3.7,"pSemi
3.7","San Diego, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
26,Onsite Systems Engineer,"$26k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The DigitalNET Onsite Engineer provides a high level of in-person customer service implementing, maintaining, resolving technical issues, supporting, and optimizing all customer workstation and server hardware, software, and network equipment and connectivity. Must be customer service orientated, have effective verbal and communication and provide proactive work on behalf of our clients.

Responsible for working through DigitalNET’s ticketing system to configure, implement, monitor, manage, and support all of DigitalNET’s clients IT environments including;
Windows workstations
Server hardware and server operating systems
Anti-virus/malware software and remediation
Email systems such as Office 365 and/or Exchange and SPAM Filtering
Network switches, firewalls and access points
Backup systems and data recovery
Administer and maintain end user accounts, permissions and access rights
Provide 3rd party vendor management assistance
Produce accurate documentation related to client environments and issue resolution
Ensure that Service Level Agreements are met for all customers
This role must also be able to;
Setup, deploy and replace Windows desktops and laptops
Setup and install Windows operating systems, Microsoft Office Suite, and other Windows applications
Setup and install network equipment such as switches, firewalls and/or wireless access points
Setup, deploy, replace and support server hardware and Windows Server operating systems
Setup, deploy and support server virtualization such as; Microsoft Hyper-V and VMWare
Coach and mentor junior staff

Experience
Three to five years hands on experience configuring, deploying, supporting and troubleshooting PC hardware, Windows operating systems and Windows applications, server hardware and operating systems and networking equipment networking hardware and protocols. Experience working with 3rd party vendors.
Education
College diploma or university degree in the field of computer science preferred. Industry certifications such as Microsoft, CompTIA, Cisco and other is a plus but not required.
Interpersonal Skills
DigitalNET Onsite Engineer must be customer service focused. This is a direct customer interactive role so strong written and verbal skills with the ability to speak in user-friendly terms as well as communicate with technical peers. Collaboration with peers to problem solve and find the best solution and outcomes for DigitalNET’s clients is a must.
Work Conditions
This position will have local travel with 90% of time at client sites, so a clean driving record is required. There will be limited after hours work but must be available for On-Call support when required. This role may require the ability to sit or stand for extended periods of time. The ability to lift and transport moderately heavy objects such as computer equipment and peripherals. May require climbing of ladders or working in confined spaces such as under desks, data closets, etc.",4.3,"GFI Digital Inc.
4.3","Springfield, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Business Service Centers & Copy Shops,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
27,Senior Project Engineer,"$115k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","CF Industries is a global leader in transforming natural gas into nitrogen. The chemical processes we use ensure we have the nitrogen we need to support life on earth - from fertilizer that feeds the crops that feed the world to products that remove harmful emissions from industrial activities. Through our nine world-class manufacturing complexes and best-in-class distribution system, we serve agricultural and industrial customers. We invite you to be a part of our nearly 3,000 employees making a difference every day.

Department:

AH21BC Engineering, Exempt

Function:

Engineering and Engineering Services

Job Summary:

Working under the general direction of the Chief Project Engineer, the Senior Project Engineer focuses on engineering, capital planning and project execution at the Port Neal plant. The Senior Project Engineer leads a significant capital portfolio for the plant in addition to collaborating with a cross-functional team to ensure project success. This provides an exciting opportunity to be responsible for all project management activities including project leadership, planning, execution, controls, and business results. This position presents a unique opportunity to manage capital and engineering projects by leveraging cross-functional expertise while meeting safety, operability, and reliability objectives. The Senior Project Engineer plays an integral role in planning and leading reliability and process improvement initiatives.

Job Description:

1. Helps provide leadership to the engineering team on-site in the area of project management practices, strategies and procedures.

2. Leads cross-functional teams to ensure overall project success.

3. Identifies, recommends, and implements project management best practices using a stage-gate FEL framework

4. Provides direct supervision of contractors to the engineering team and is responsible for providing coaching, technical guidance and mentorship to functional leads as appropriate.

5. Champions and leads strong safety process throughout every phase of the project ensuring all projects are planned and executed in compliance with laws and regulations

6. Leads the execution of multiple projects with low to moderate complexity or one or two projects with high complexity.

7. Uses project management framework to achieve technical project objectives delivered safely, on time, and on budget with realized operability and reliability results.

8. Regularly measures and monitors project progress to identify variances from the plan and works to make needed corrections

9. Provides sponsor and stakeholders with a routine status of projects, actively communicating technical issues and risks, and ensuring that leadership alignment is a priority.

10. Ensures that projects meet the operability requirements laid out in the project objectives by the business.

11. Accountable for achieving strategic and tactical metrics from internal and external benchmarking, which may include safety, operability index, cost index and schedule indexes.

Position Requirements:
Mechanical or Chemical Engineering degree from an ABET accredited institution preferred with 9+ years of experience desired. Other engineering degrees from ABET accredited institutions with comparable field experience will be considered.
Experience in project engineering or management position and familiarity with capital project and plant responsibilities; construction focus desired.
Knowledge of state, local and U.S. Government regulations (OSHA, EPA, etc.)
Excellent communication skills (interpersonal, written, and presentation) with demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and interact with all levels of the organization.
Requires a sound performance record of leading or working within strong teams, establishing collaborative relationships with internal/external customers and demonstrating effective communication techniques.
Keen sense of prioritization (sees what needs to be done, assesses degree of urgency and importance, and translates vision in to results); requires demonstrated expertise in managing multiple tasks, projects, and deadlines in a highly dynamic environment with minimal supervision and technical guidance.
Positive attitude and problem-solving mentality with demonstrated continuous improvement proficiency
Extensive knowledge and application of concepts, engineering, and ability to assess the feasibility and soundness of proposed engineering tests, processes, etc.
Ability to develop and manage good working relationships with internal departments (Production, QA, Warehouse, Maintenance, contractors, suppliers, and inspectors) including the ability to influence peers and cross functional stakeholders
Demonstrated ability to deliver presentations effectively at key internal meetings.
Candidate must demonstrate the ability to
Identify useful connections in data or situations
Set stretch goals for performance improvement
Recognize and act on emerging problems
Identify mutually beneficial solutions
Strong computer skills, specifically the ability to use Microsoft Word, Project, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Knowledge of AutoCad preferred.
CF Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
Employees in the US can learn more about their rights by viewing the federal ""EEO is the Law"" poster (PDF) and others as detailed below:
Pay Transparency

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html.

FMLA:

https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/fmlaen.pdf

Employee Polygraph Protection Act

https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf
Employees in Canada can learn more about their rights by viewing the Canadian Human Rights Act.
If you need any assistance seeking a job opportunity at CF Industries, or if you need reasonable accommodation with the application process, please call 847-405-2400 or contact us at cfhire@cfindustries.com.

JOIN OUR TALENT NETWORK",3.6,"CF Industries
3.6","Sergeant Bluff, IA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1946,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
28,Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor.
The only way you will be considered is if you follow the link at the bottom of the page and take a very short quiz.
What are we looking for?
We are looking for a technically savvy database-oriented Analyst with good people skills and the ability to pick up new business concepts and technologies.
The ideal candidate will possess:
At least 4 years of experience.
A strong to very strong working knowledge of SQL and Python.
An ability to write and troubleshoot complex SQL procedures.
The desire to understand business events through data.
An understanding of Data Warehousing and ETL techniques.
High level understanding in at least one scripting language such as Ruby, Shell, Python.
An interest in learning large data set processing with MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig/etc.
Linux skills are a plus.
Good client relations skills strongly preferred.
Who are we?
Raybeam, Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, Disney, One Kings Lane, Beachbody and Hilton Worldwide.
What do we do?
We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients.
What do you get from working for Raybeam?
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz.
http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign_in
Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship and we will only consider local candidates.
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to COVID, all employees are currently working remotely. When it is safe to do so, we will return to the office.",4.7,"Raybeam
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
29,Data Architect,"$93k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.",4.4,"LSQ
4.4","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
30,Software Automation Engineer,"$71k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are currently looking for aSoftware Automation Engineer to join our teamremotely or at our headquarters inBuffalo, NY.

Utilant is a global software company with headquarters in Buffalo, NY. Utilant specializes in creating cutting edge software applications for the insurance and real estate industry. Our rapidly growing company is looking for an experienced Software Automation Engineer.

As a Software Automation Engineer, you’ll work with both the QA and Software Engineering teams to design, develop, and maintain automation frameworks, test scripts, regression test suites and performance tests for a customer-facing, data-driven application (web and mobile). Ideal candidates will have superior knowledge of the quality assurance process, software development, and the role of testing/automation in the software development life cycle (SDLC).

What you will be doing:
Automate back-end, API, front-end, and other test cases in a complex multi-product, multi-services environment utilizing Selenium, Appium, or other frameworks
Work within the defined software testing life cycle (STLC) and software development life cycle (SDLC), utilizing coding standards and best practices
Analyze technical requirements/specification and documentation to plan, develop, and implement automated test suits
Design, estimate, and plan test plans, scenarios, and test cases that are detailed, comprehensive and well-structured
Develop automated test systems for transactional web and mobile applications, including web services and client-side UI functionality
Track, maintain, and document automated testing suits for system characterization
Document, track, and escalate defects discovered throughout the testing lifecycle
Perform peer reviews to help the team adhere to architecture and design best practices
Focus on quality and throughput goals for continuous improvement
Review functional and technical requirements and raise potential issues
Self-driven/proactive with the ability to work independently and in a group setting
Collaborate with scrum team members to provide support to customer objectives and goals in a professional and organized manner
Demonstrate strong problem solving, troubleshooting, and analytical skills
Partake in project planning and project management as needed
What you will need:
10+ years in software quality assurance and building automated testing suites
6+ years of Selenium, Appium, JMeter or other test automation frameworks
6+ years of TFS/VSTS, test management tools and CI/CD pipelines
6+ years of REST/SOAP API architecture
6+ years of experience with Visual Studio
6+ years of experience with HTML, JavaScript, and CSS
4+ years of experience with C# .NET
4+ years of experience in Microsoft SQL Server (t-sql)
4+ year of experience with Waterfall and Agile
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or relevant work experience
ISTQB Certification
Who We Are:

Think West Coast tech company meets small business in the City of Good Neighbors. We develop cutting edge software while maintaining a work environment that compares to the personal interaction you’d get working for a small business. We encourage our team to use the latest technology, collaborate, and run with their ideas. We also encourage them to have fun, which makes coming to work enjoyable! At Utilant, we believe that investing into our employees promotes innovation and excellence in our field.

Expectations:
• Act in accordance with the Vision, Mission and Values set forth by Utilant, LLC.
• In this position you may be required to perform duties as assigned outside of normal working hours.
• Develop a thorough understanding of the company culture.
• Flexibility in assuming duties not outlined in the responsibilities as needed.
• Display ability to work self-directed and to take initiative to work quickly, and independently.

Work Environment and Physical Requirements:
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk, stand, sit, use hands for fine manipulation, handle or feel and reach with hands and arms using a keyboard and video display terminal. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel or crouch. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 30 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, ability to adjust focus and peripheral vision.

The intent of this job specification is to provide a representative summary of the types of duties and responsibilities that will be required of positions given this title and shall not be construed as a declaration of the specific duties and responsibilities of any particular position. Employees may be requested to perform job-related tasks other than those specifically presented in this specification.

EEO:
Utilant LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Utilant LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.",3.8,"Utilant
3.8","Buffalo, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
31,Senior Data Engineer - Remote (U.S. Only),-1,"Who We Are

The $21B Powersports market (motorcycles, ATVs, UTVs, PWCs, snowmobiles) is all about fast and fun, but the purchasing process is slow and frustrating. Octane enables consumers to live their passion by making powersports purchases instant, seamless, and widely available. Octane launched a credit product, branded as Roadrunner Financial, in 2016 to provide financing to prime and near-prime consumers who have historically been underserved by incumbent banks, expanding coverage to 50% of responsible consumers. Together with our automated underwriting and digital buying experience, Octane and RoadRunner cut the time to close a transaction from hours to minutes.

We are both the platform and the lender, which means we have both high growth and positive unit economicsrare for a fintech. Octane has raised >$100M in equity from IA Ventures, Valar Ventures, Contour Venture Partners, Citi Ventures, and other leading investors.

What We Need

The Octane Data Team is on a mission to empower all Octanes to seamlessly and confidently conduct rigorous analysis, build accurate reporting, and most importantly, make data-driven decisions to propel the business forward. From informing credit policy to creating product enhancements to updating servicing protocols, availability and accessibility of quality data is critical. Our vision is to build out a best-in-class modern data platform by accelerating the data engineering lifecycle through technical and process innovation.

We are looking for a passionate Senior Data Engineer to share the ownership and technical vision of the team; a dynamic team player who is inquisitive about our data domain, has a data-as-product mindset, and cares deeply about mentorship. As a senior member of the team, you will build upon your past successes creating and maintaining reliable data pipelines and have a direct impact on our future data strategy and technology roadmap.

What You'll Do
Mentor/pair program with junior team members to follow engineering best practices
Perform high quality code reviews to ensure standards are met and learn together
Expose a variety of data sources into a centralized data warehouse capable of supporting analytics, reporting, and visualization
Build and manage ELT pipeline jobs that is efficient, scalable, and performant
Design and implement secure and auditable cloud data infrastructure
Collaborate with teammates and cross functionally to improve products and support data science initiatives.
Participate in on-call and scrum rotations
Who You Are
5+ years experience working in software and data engineering
Extensive knowledge of ETL/ELT batch processing (bonus points for hybrid streaming and batch approaches), data pipelines, and data warehouses
Firm grasp of relational and document data; their use cases and the technologies that manage them
Proficiency with Python and backend architecture
Experience using Spark and SQL
Experience using AWS (bonus points for experience working with EMR, EKS, Lambda) or other cloud services provider
Experience using workflow management frameworks such as Airflow, Luigi, etc.
Experience working with data that has regulatory, privacy, auditing, and security requirements (ideally in the Consumer Lending Industry)
Benefits
Robust Health Care Plans (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Generous Parental Leave
Up to 5 weeks PTO (self-managed)
Retirement Plan (401k) with Company contribution
Educational Assistance/Tuition Reimbursement up to $3K/year
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&D)
Short Term / Long Term Disability & Life insurance
Pre-Tax Commuter Benefits
Team Activities (remotely)
Monthly company gift
Octane Lending is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other protected status with respect to recruitment, hiring, promotion and other terms and conditions of employment.",4.1,"Octane
4.1",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
32,Data Engineer,-1,"TubeScience is looking for a talented Data Engineer to join our thriving team in Downtown LA! This role is remote flexible based in LA or anywhere in the US.

Quick 'about us':

We're a data-driven video startup based in LA that's grown to become the largest producer of video ads on paid social in the 4 years since founding. Collectively, our videos account for ~5% of all paid video views on Facebook and Instagram in North America and reach 100-200 million people per day.

Our clients are among the largest advertisers on FB and Instagram, across a wide range of verticals (incl. fashion, beauty, food, fitness apps, healthcare apps, financial services), giving us unique visibility into what drives success at scale. We focus on profitable growth with clients and grow their investment by 80% on average.

What's atypical about the company:
We're fast and data-driven: our teams develop concepts in the morning, shoot/edit in the afternoon, launch in the evening, and iterate the next day based on real-world performance.
We're a behavioral R&D lab at the core: We put 2,000+ video experiments per week, watched by tens of millions of people per day, that give us deep insights into how people make decisions. Over the past couple years, we've built an enormous library of IP around human behavior and visual communication.
We work on a pure pay for performance basis. Zero production fees for video. Clients only pay us if our videos outperform anything they're running internally.
What You'll Do:
Work with Data / Data Warehouse Architect to develop data warehouse models, design specifications, metadata process and documentation. Develop detailed ETL specifications based on business requirements
Partner with business users, senior architects, product managers, engineering teams, and other teams to deliver a robust data services platform
Work across all phases of the software development lifecycle in a cross-functional, agile development team setting
Design and build ETL jobs in a managed AWS environment.
Perform SQL-based exploratory analysis using AWS RDS / Athena or similar
Building and maintaining our data pipelines
Data Cleansing
BI work
Qualifications:
Experience with AWS services including Data Pipeline, Glue, Athena, CloudFormation, etc.
Experience developing ELT pipelines using Snowflake, Terradata, Vertica, Redshift or similar data warehousing technologies
Experience of the AWS data ecosystem (Glue, Kinesis, S3, Lambda, EMR, etc.)
Sharp, quick to understand
Willingness to dig deep enough to understand the root issue
We're a startup, willing to take on additional development activities if needed
ETL experience a must
Familiarity with AWS services
Experience with BI tools/applications
Strong initiative
Experience with Python/Java/C+/.net preferred
Benefits:
Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Flexible PTO
401k + Matching
Personal Coaching
Remote Flexibility
Creative Working Environment
Fully Stocked Kitchen
Paid Sick Leave
Annual Learning and Development Allotment
Doctor House Call On-Demand
Application Process:

Interested candidates should apply directly for consideration. Upon submitting your application, our hiring team will review your credentials and will notify you if you are selected to participate in the interview process. We appreciate your interest in TubeScience and kindly ask that you refrain from inquiries to our teams via LinkedIn. All questions regarding the status of your application can be directed to careers@tubescience.com .

No third party or agency submissions will be accepted

TubeScience is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please feel free to contact us at accomodations@tubescience.com.",3.9,"TubeScience
3.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
33,Data Engineer,"$102k-$187k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Dubbed an ""open-source unicorn"" by Forbes, Confluent is the fastest-growing enterprise subscription company our investors have ever seen. And how are we growing so fast? By pioneering a new technology category with an event streaming platform, which enables companies to leverage their data as a continually updating stream of events, not as static snapshots. This innovation has led Coatue Management, Altimeter Capital and Franklin Templeton to join earlier investors Sequoia Capital, Benchmark, and Index Ventures in the recent Series E financing of a combined $250 million at a $4.5B valuation. Our product has been adopted by Fortune 100 customers across all industries, and we’re being led by the best in the space—our founders were the original creators of Apache Kafka®. We’re looking for talented and amazing team players who want to accelerate our growth, while doing some of the best work of their careers. Join us as we build the next transformative technology platform!

About the Team:

The mission of the Data Science team at Confluent is to serve as the central nervous system of all things data for the company: we build analytics infrastructure, insights, models and tools, to empower data-driven thinking, and optimize every part of the business. This position offers limitless opportunities for an ambitious data engineer to make an immediate and meaningful impact within a hyper growth start-up, and contribute to a highly engaged open source community.

About the Role:
As a Data Engineer, you will take on big data challenges in an agile way. You will build data pipelines that enable data scientists, GTM operation teams, and executives to make data accessible to the entire company. You will also build data models to deliver insightful analytics while ensuring the highest standard in data integrity. You are encouraged to think out of the box and play with the latest technologies while exploring their limits. Successful candidates will have strong technical capabilities, a can-do attitude, and are highly collaborative.

This is a partnership-heavy role. As a member of the Field Ops Data Science team, you will enable all the Go-to-Market functions of the company, i.e. Sales, Customer Success, Business Development, Marketing, to be data-driven. This role will be located in Mountain View, CA.
Responsibilities:
Design, build and launch extremely efficient and reliable data pipelines to move data across a number of platforms including Data Warehouse and real-time systems
Developing strong subject matter expertise and manage the SLAs for those data pipelines; improve existing or develop new tools to detect data anomalies real time and through offline metrics
Data Modeling - Partner with analytic consumers to improve existing datasets and build new ones
Set up and improve BI tooling and platforms to help the team create dynamic tools and reporting
Partnering with Data Scientists and business partners to develop internal data products to improve operational efficiencies organizationally

What We're Looking For:

3+ years of experience in a Data Engineering role, with a focus on data warehouse technologies, data pipelines and BI tooling
Bachelor or advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or related technical discipline
Expert knowledge of SQL and of relational database systems and concepts
Strong knowledge of data architectures and data modeling and data infrastructure ecosystem
Experience with enterprise business systems such as Salesforce, Marketo, Zendesk, etc.
Experience with ETL pipeline tools like Airflow, and with code version control systems like Git
The ability to communicate cross-functionally, derive requirements and architect shared datasets; ability to synthesize, simplify and explain complex problems to different types of audiences, including executives
The ability to thrive in a dynamic environment. That means being flexible and willing to jump in and do whatever it takes to be successful.

Additional Highly Desirable Experience:

Experience with Apache Kafka
Knowledge of batch and streaming data architectures
Product mindset to understand business needs, and come up with scalable engineering solutions
Come As You Are

At Confluent, equality is a core tenet of our culture. We are committed to building an inclusive global team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. The more diverse we are, the richer our community and the broader our impact.

Click here to review our California Candidate Privacy Notice, which describes how and when Confluent, Inc., and its group companies, collects, uses, and shares certain personal information of California job applicants and prospective employees.",4.5,"Confluent
4.5","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
34,Customer Solutions Engineer,-1,"About Us:

Headquartered in beautiful Santa Barbara, HG Insights is the global leader in technology intelligence. HG Insights uses advanced data science methodologies to help the world's largest technology firms and the fastest growing companies accelerate their sales, marketing, and strategy efforts.

We offer a casual yet professional environment. Get your sweat on at one of our fitness classes or go for a run along the beach which is two blocks away. You can find employees riding bikes to lunch in the funk zone or hanging out in one of our collaboration spaces. We are passionate about our jobs with a get-it-done attitude, yet we don't take ourselves too seriously.

What You'll Do:

HG Insights is looking for a highly motivated Customer Solutions Engineer to play a vital role in helping clients to establish value within their organizations by educating the client on how best to activate HG Insights data assets within their sales and marketing processes. This position will educate clients on best practices learned through like client interactions, identifying opportunities with the client for data to impact across a range of use cases. Working collaboratively with the client to build an implementation plan and liaising with sales and customer success teams to ensure the optimum commercial and engagement plan is in place to deliver the maximum value. Through focused engagement in the pre-sales and onboarding phases of the customer journey, the Solutions Engineer will make a significant impact on HG's customer base.

The Customer Solutions Engineer will engage across some of the leading software, hardware, and service vendors globally, engaging and challenging their senior executives and operational staff on process effectiveness across their go to market planning and engagement activities. If you are looking to make an impact, this position is right for you!

What You'll Be Responsible For:
Decreasing customer time to value by defining a sales and marketing transformation plan based on data-centric best practices and unique customer needs to drive deal closing and the customer onboarding phase
Contributing to the alignment of the customer's sales, marketing, and product teams to ensure adoption of the transformation plan
Splitting time between HG sales and customer success teams as a subject matter expert to educate prospects and customers on the HG offering and best practices. Targeting a split of 40% pre-sale and 60% post sale activity.
Creating best practices and training materials for HG sales and customer success teams
Acting as an expert in the capabilities of HG's offering to ensure solution fit with prospects and customers
Working with HG's product team to evolve our product offering based on your front-line experiences
What You'll Need:
Knowledge of the typical marketing and sales stack to include automation, CRM, data warehouses
An understanding of intelligence providers such as Lattice, TechTarget, Bombora and how they tie into a customer's MDM foundation alongside HG's offering
Someone who has been there and done it e.g. taken data (ideally HG) and built it into a sales and marketing process to drive ROI
Sales acumen i.e. good in front of customers
An understanding of how to drive transformation through process change
Playmaker abilities that can get Sales, Marketing and Product aligned
Ability to communicate at all levels within a customer environment
Ability to educate and lead people to an outcome
Commercial mindset
Sound understanding of data manipulation/visualization
Ability to solve for process issues
General knowledge of IT technologies
Ability to simplify
The solutions engineer will have ideally held a senior operations role within a technology vendor having experience or working knowledge of at least one of the following use case areas.
Market Planning
Competitive Intelligence
Partner Programs
ICP Development/White-spacing
Territory Optimization
Wallet Share/Account Sizing & Scoring
Other ABM process
HG Insights Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Please note that HG Insights does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the event of a recruiter or agency submitting a resume or candidate without a signed agreement being in place, we explicitly reserve the right to pursue and hire such candidates without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of HG Insights",4.1,"HG Insights
4.1",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
35,Data Engineer,-1,"Data Engineer Northern, VA

Data Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Data Engineers to design and implement distributed, cloud-native data pipelines, storage systems, and query support. These capabilities will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on enabling machine learning and automation. Teams will be working in an Agile development environment and expected to identify and mitigate risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Architect, design, and implement updates and enhancements to data repositories and indices to support data ingest, enrichment, analysis, visualization, and dissemination
Perform database engineering and management activities associated with designing, developing, maintaining, and enhancing Big Data analytic systems using an Agile DevSecOps model
Integrate data from multiple sources in batches and real-time
Review, design, and develop data quality management processes and automated procedures intended to produce high levels of data integrity
Research and recommend solutions to complex problems
Oversee code reviews and delivering feedback regarding designs/code
Perform research and development and provide technical support to identify and integrate new and emerging technologies into the data environment
Design and implement storage and indexing strategies to provide efficient storage and retrieval to support visualizations such as graph-based and geospatial indices
Support design and development of data access APIs that allow enterprise access (as appropriate) to data
Develop or provide input to engineering artifacts associated with the data repositories
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Experience with SQL databases
Data transformation experience with scripting (Python, Java, Perl, PL/SQL) or platforms such as Spark, Talend, Knime, or Pentaho
Strong problem-solving skills
Good written and oral communications skills
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
Familiarity with SQL query engines, preferably PrestoDB or SparkSQL
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Experience integrating open API based data access and processing
DOD8570 IAT Level 1 or 2 certified (A+, Security+, etc. certification)
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
36,Business Intelligence Engineer,"$67k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Focused on labor and employment law since 1958, Jackson Lewis P.C.’s 950+ attorneys located in major cities nationwide consistently identify and respond to new ways workplace law intersects business. We help employers develop proactive strategies, strong policies and business-oriented solutions to cultivate high-functioning workforces that are engaged, stable and diverse, and share our clients' goals to emphasize inclusivity and respect for the contribution of every employee.
The Firm is ranked in the First Tier nationally in the category of Labor and Employment Litigation, as well as in both Employment Law and Labor Law on behalf of Management, in the U.S. News - Best Lawyers® “Best Law Firms”.
This position is located in West Harrison NY and reports to the CIO.
Job Summary (basic description)
The position of Business Intelligence Architect will lead the delivery of the firm’s business analytics solutions based on the business requirements of Jackson Lewis key stakeholders. The candidate will play a lead role in successful implementations that include analytic and dashboard visualization, data modeling and warehousing solutions. The candidate will focus on delivering the vision of the department through process, development and lifecycle
Essential Functions
Analyze large amounts of historical business datasets to develop strategic insights or solve key stakeholder’s business problems.
Partner with engineering and solution management teams to support analytical product development, impact measurement and adoption of innovative new features for the platform.
Build customer-facing reporting tools to provide insights and metrics which track performance.
Develop solutions that utilize the highest standards of analytical rigor and data integrity.
Implement analyses that drive to the root of the issue and create actionable insights or paths to solution.
Translating business needs into technical specifications.
Developing reporting systems that provide accessible information for decision making.
Using warehouse data (data marts, snowflake, SSAS cubes, etc.) to generate reports to support business decision making and business performance monitoring.
Maintaining, evaluating, and improving existing BI systems.
Generating and delivering quality reports to customers and stakeholders and performing quality assurance checks on reports.
Communicate with internal teams to showcase results and identify best practices.
Qualifications/Skills Required
Minimum2-3 years of experience as a BI Developer/Engineer in the data/BI space.
Expertise with data visualization using Tableau, PowerBI, Qlik, or similar tools.
Experience in gathering requirements and formulating business metrics for reporting.
Proficiency SQL and Excel expertise to access and transform data into insights.
Hands on experience with REST API.
Strong verbal and written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams.
Knowledge in data modeling and data warehouse design.
Experience in programming languages such as R, Python
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Educational Requirements
Bachelor s degree or higher in computer science, Data Analytics, Information Systems. or related field
Jackson Lewis understands that embracing our differences makes us a stronger, better firm. We appreciate the importance of having a workforce that reflects the various communities in which we work and we strive to create an inclusive environment where diverse employees want to work and where they can flourish professionally. In furtherance of our culture, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristics protected by law.",3.0,"Jackson Lewis
3.0","West Harrison, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1957,Company - Private,Legal,Accounting & Legal,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
37,Database Engineer - Senior (TS/SCI),"$91k-$198k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Database Engineer (Senior)

Overall Assignment Description:

Database Engineers partner with Software Product Teams and end users to understand needs, make recommendations for database architectures. Once recommendations are approved, the Database Engineer implements leveraging modern, database technologies such as PostGRES and NOSQL database technologies. The Database Engineer is proficient in modern, cloud offerings and cloud database services, how to work with them, and how they fit in modern, cloud native applications that leverage the twelve factors found at https://12factor.net. This includes how to build and deploy modern cloud native data architectures, data processing and analytics pipelines and being able to make appropriate tradeoff decisions in data architectures between stable, structured, persistent data and dynamic, streaming, perishable data.

Duties include:
Conditioning software for inclusion in a database.
Leverages software-, platform- and infrastructure- as-a-service to deliver GEOINT solutions.
Ensures optimum efficiencies for the utilization of cloud native or cloud enabled databases.
Creates and maintains data architecture using automated software deployment pipelines with Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) tools.

Skills and ExperienceRequired:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, or related STEM degree program.
Senior-level working experience in government or industry supporting or leading cloud-based systems engineering efforts.
Demonstrated experience using the following technologies:
PostGRES/PostGIS
NoSQL
Amazon Web-Serviceso Cloud Foundry

Desired:
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, or related STEM degree program.",4.5,"Shine Systems
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
38,Data Engineer,"$69k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Engineer will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture. The ideal candidate is experienced at data wrangling, enjoys data systems, and enjoys building things from the ground up. The data engineer will support the analytics teams at our client’s site by creating processes and programs to ingest the many unstructured files we receive, transform the data into a standard form and load it into the ecosystem. The right candidate will be excited with the prospect of optimizing and redesigning the client’s data architecture for the next set of data initiatives.
Use tools to build processes to extract, transform and load data from multiple sources
Assemble complex data sets that meet business requirements
Identify, design and implement processes to automate manual processes
Create structured datasets from unstructured data from multiple sources
Experience working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
QUALIFICATIONS
3-5 years of experience with SQL query language plus experience creating complex queries
3-5 years of experience with Hadoop; specifically, Hive, HiveQL and HDFS
3-5 years of experience building processes supporting ETL work
1-3 years of experience building and optimizing big data pipelines and data sets
1-3 years of experience with programming languages: Python, Scala, PySpark
Strong Analytical skills
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Information Systems or some other related field
OneMagnify powers business performance for its clients with actionable analytics, compelling marketing communications through brand strategy, and technology solutions for companies here and around the world. We think that’s pretty cool, making us an exciting place to work. But there is so much more to this employee-centric company. For example, it’s all the fun and important things we do—like our charitable giving team program, summer poker walks, quarterly cake day and, of course, the creative client solutions we deliver daily. It all stems from a culture of caring—for each other, our clients and the world around us.

OneMagnify is an equal opportunity employer.
OneMagnify is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.7,"OneMagnify
4.7","Dearborn, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1967,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
39,Sr Voice Platform Engineer,-1,"Sr Voice Platform Engineer - Arlington, VA - Visioneering, LLC

Opportunity to join a Dynamic Company!

We are a Consulting and Telecom Engineering Services firm serving our DoD customers in Arlington, VA. We promote a culture of operational excellence while upholding the highest standards of compliance, quality and integrity.

We are in search of an experienced Voice Platform Engineer to complement our IT operations team and are looking for a motivated and enthusiastic individual who shares our commitment to excellence in meeting the needs of our DoD clients and working in a team atmosphere. We offer a challenging, customer focused environment with competitive compensation and a robust benefits package in a team-oriented, casual atmosphere. If you desire to work in an environment where you are appreciated and supported by senior management, apply today to join our team.
Description: *
The Engineer is responsible for VoIP Maintenance on a geo-diverse platform and must have the experience and ability to configure and troubleshoot the telephony platform, including using tools to monitor and increase the system capabilities. Employee will also work on unique and interesting advanced projects in a lab and provide cut-over support, application troubleshooting / triage, and follow-up support as required.
Responsibilities Include:
Operate in a Voice SIP Engineer role, establish and perform routine preventative maintenance tasks. Enforce security guidelines to maintain compliance. Review, test and apply hardware, firmware, and OS patches.
Perform emergency recovery on failed components and coordinate repair with vendor software and hardware support as needed.
Deployment and configuration of physical and virtual servers.
Assist operations staff in resolving customer trouble tickets and network issues that are outside of their troubleshooting scope.
Perform Interoperability and acceptance testing directly with customers and suppliers.
Document network architecture and methods of procedure for regularly performed tasks.
Candidates must be willing to occasionally travel within the Washington, DC Metro area to support various program initiatives in regional co-location facilities.
Required Knowledge and Experience:
The ideal candidate will have skills and experience in some or all of the following areas:
Able to triage, diagnose and repair hardware and software faults.
Strong enterprise background with administrative experience in virtualization technologies.
Strong technical background of TCP/IP and Network Security related protocols such as DNS, FTP, HTTP, ICMP, IPSec, IPv4, IPv6, NTP, RADIUS, RTP, SRTP, SNMP, SMTP, SSH, NAT, and VLAN.
Interoperability experience with the following protocols/technologies:
SIP Applications
SIP Trunking / Access
VoIP CODEC Transcoding G711, etc.
Avaya AS5300 / Genband Experience a Plus
SBC Experience a Plus
Asterisk Experience a Plus
Installation and maintenance experience with enterprise server hardware, copper, and fiber Ethernet
Experience with CLASS 5 Softswitch and feature server
Extensive hands on experience with the Avaya AS5300 as it is very similar in base code and architecture to the Genband AS.
Basic knowledge of Session Border Controllers
Solid knowledge of Gateways such as AudioCodes, MG3500, MG9000 etc.
Solid knowledge of legacy switches such as Nortel CS2100, Nortel CS1000, 5ESS, etc.
Solid knowledge of trace captures analysis
Solid knowledge of IP Data Network functions and configuration
Solid IP Experience
Solid SIP Experience
Manufacturer certifications acknowledging expertise in any of the above or similar a Plus
Minimum Qualifications:
5 years relevant training, knowledge, & experience
Secret Security Clearance
Position: Full-time*
We continually strive to create an environment that balances work life and offers benefits that will enhance the compensation package. We offer Medical, Dental, Vision, Health Savings Accounts, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, Life Insurance and AD&D, Paid Time Off, Personal Leave, Holidays, 401(k) plan with company match and work/life balance. Equal Opportunity Employer. Security+ will be required once starting.*
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $109,000.00 - $165,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SIP VoIP: 5 years (Required)
Ribbon / GENBAND / Avaya: 3 years (Preferred)
SBC: 5 years (Preferred)
Language:
English (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
www.GOVisioneering.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,VISIONEERING LLC - DoD Contracting Firm - www.GOVisioneering.com,"Arlington, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
40,Sr Voice Platform Engineer,-1,"Sr Voice Platform Engineer - Arlington, VA - Visioneering, LLC

Opportunity to join a Dynamic Company!

We are a Consulting and Telecom Engineering Services firm serving our DoD customers in Arlington, VA. We promote a culture of operational excellence while upholding the highest standards of compliance, quality and integrity.

We are in search of an experienced Voice Platform Engineer to complement our IT operations team and are looking for a motivated and enthusiastic individual who shares our commitment to excellence in meeting the needs of our DoD clients and working in a team atmosphere. We offer a challenging, customer focused environment with competitive compensation and a robust benefits package in a team-oriented, casual atmosphere. If you desire to work in an environment where you are appreciated and supported by senior management, apply today to join our team.
Description: *
The Engineer is responsible for VoIP Maintenance on a geo-diverse platform and must have the experience and ability to configure and troubleshoot the telephony platform, including using tools to monitor and increase the system capabilities. Employee will also work on unique and interesting advanced projects in a lab and provide cut-over support, application troubleshooting / triage, and follow-up support as required.
Responsibilities Include:
Operate in a Voice SIP Engineer role, establish and perform routine preventative maintenance tasks. Enforce security guidelines to maintain compliance. Review, test and apply hardware, firmware, and OS patches.
Perform emergency recovery on failed components and coordinate repair with vendor software and hardware support as needed.
Deployment and configuration of physical and virtual servers.
Assist operations staff in resolving customer trouble tickets and network issues that are outside of their troubleshooting scope.
Perform Interoperability and acceptance testing directly with customers and suppliers.
Document network architecture and methods of procedure for regularly performed tasks.
Candidates must be willing to occasionally travel within the Washington, DC Metro area to support various program initiatives in regional co-location facilities.
Required Knowledge and Experience:
The ideal candidate will have skills and experience in some or all of the following areas:
Able to triage, diagnose and repair hardware and software faults.
Strong enterprise background with administrative experience in virtualization technologies.
Strong technical background of TCP/IP and Network Security related protocols such as DNS, FTP, HTTP, ICMP, IPSec, IPv4, IPv6, NTP, RADIUS, RTP, SRTP, SNMP, SMTP, SSH, NAT, and VLAN.
Interoperability experience with the following protocols/technologies:
SIP Applications
SIP Trunking / Access
VoIP CODEC Transcoding G711, etc.
Avaya AS5300 / Genband Experience a Plus
SBC Experience a Plus
Asterisk Experience a Plus
Installation and maintenance experience with enterprise server hardware, copper, and fiber Ethernet
Experience with CLASS 5 Softswitch and feature server
Extensive hands on experience with the Avaya AS5300 as it is very similar in base code and architecture to the Genband AS.
Basic knowledge of Session Border Controllers
Solid knowledge of Gateways such as AudioCodes, MG3500, MG9000 etc.
Solid knowledge of legacy switches such as Nortel CS2100, Nortel CS1000, 5ESS, etc.
Solid knowledge of trace captures analysis
Solid knowledge of IP Data Network functions and configuration
Solid IP Experience
Solid SIP Experience
Manufacturer certifications acknowledging expertise in any of the above or similar a Plus
Minimum Qualifications:
5 years relevant training, knowledge, & experience
Secret Security Clearance
Position: Full-time*
We continually strive to create an environment that balances work life and offers benefits that will enhance the compensation package. We offer Medical, Dental, Vision, Health Savings Accounts, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, Life Insurance and AD&D, Paid Time Off, Personal Leave, Holidays, 401(k) plan with company match and work/life balance. Equal Opportunity Employer. Security+ will be required once starting.*
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $109,000.00 - $165,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SIP VoIP: 5 years (Required)
Ribbon / GENBAND / Avaya: 3 years (Preferred)
SBC: 5 years (Preferred)
Language:
English (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
www.GOVisioneering.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,VISIONEERING LLC - DoD Contracting Firm - www.GOVisioneering.com,"Arlington, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
41,Junior Software Engineer - TS/SCI Required,"$76k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Junior Software Engineer at Synergist, you will work with a team of developers on a project critical to one of our customer’s needs. You'll be an active contributor on an agile software development team that leverages cutting edge technologies to deliver custom software solutions. You will design, develop, and test activities related to your assigned tasks and will be responsible for managing individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.

** Position Requires a Top Secret Clearance with a Full-Scope Polygraph**
Degree and Years of Experience
BS in Computer Science or a similar technical field of study and a minimum of 2 years of experience in software development/engineering.
Responsibilities
Be an active contributor on an Agile Software development team to deliver custom solutions to the customer.
Perform design, development, and testing activities related to assigned tasks.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. Citizen.
Software development experience in one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, Ruby.
Experience developing software within a Linux environment.
Experience working with any of the following: web/mobile application development, distributed systems, user interface development, big data analytics.
Excellent communication skills.
Passion for technology and the drive to learn new programming languages and frameworks.
Desired Qualifications:
We realize that we are about to enumerate a bunch of skills and experience here. Don’t worry if you don’t have all of these, but we’d like you to have touched some of these technologies or concepts or at least be familiar with them.
Experience with NoSQL technologies such as MongoDB, REDIS, Neo4J, etc.
Experience with Relational Databases such as MySQL, Oracle, POSTGres
Experience with developing RESTful Services using a framework such as Jersey, Spring MVC, CXF
Experience with an Enterprise Integration Framework such as Apache Camel, or Spring Integration
Experience with JMS to include messaging Frameworks such as Apache ActiveMQ or Apache Artemis.
Experience with Spring to include Spring Boot, Spring Data
Experience with the Java Persistence API through a persistence framework such as Hibernate, OpenJPA
Experience developing and deploying applications to Servlet containers such as Tomcat or Jetty or Application Servers such as Glassfish, JBoss, Weblogic
Experience developing Applications with NodeJS
Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as Ext-JS, AngularJS, Vue or React.
Experience with Javascript, Flex, JSP, HTML, CSS, SpringMVC, or equivalents for UI developers and Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Servlets or equivalents for Java developers
Experience developing web applications leveraging ES6 and component based packaging
Experience with Bootstrap framework.
Experience with JQuery
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce
Experience developing applications within utility clouds such as AWS, Rackspace, or Heroku

Know anyone who may also be interested in a position with us? Refer them and receive a substantial referral bonus! https://synergistcomputing.com/referral",5.0,"Synergist Computing
5.0","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
42,Industrial IoT System Integration Developer / Engineer,-1,"Industrial IoT System Integration Developer / Engineer*
BID Group*
Location: South Eastern US*
The BID Group of Companies is a North American leader in the design, manufacture and support of World Class equipment, services and turnkey solutions for the solid wood processing industry. BID Group serves primarily the North American market and offers the most comprehensive range of products available, producing everything from mechanical equipment and control systems to optimization systems equipped with digital machine vision and AI technology. The company integrates its products & technology to deliver fully automated production lines. BID Group has over 1500 employees working in our many divisions located around North America.

The OPER8 offering is an Industrial Internet of Things (IoT) platform with custom BID-designed architecture centered around PTC ThingWorx that connects to operations and business/IT data sources and orchestrates the data to drive efficiency, reliability, and uptime in our customer’s operations through the use of data visualization, data analytics, and custom IoT applications.

The Industrial IoT System Integration Developer / Engineer is a highly motivated professional working with the OPER8 team. As a key member of the team, the successful candidate will be responsible for designing, developing, and deploying various end to end production, throughput, asset health and quality control solutions for our customers. The successful candidate must be technically inclined and willing and able to learn new technologies as they are required. We’re a small but growing team of highly motivated professionals that feed on results. We strive to create a fun, flexible and rewarding work environment.

Responsibilities Include:
Deploying data connectivity software and customized Edge programming on-premise.
Working extensively with the cloud based IIoT platform to deploy and develop offerings.
Configuring cloud databases.
Building and QA of queries for KPI development and dashboarding.
Preparing design documentation for technical and non-technical audiences.
Contributing to the product development team by staying up to date on disruptive, breakthrough technologies and processes.
Working closely with customer reliability engineers, data analysts, electrical/automation groups, and management.
Ensuring customer satisfaction and foster loyalty to the BID Group.
Skills and Qualifications
Background and/or education in one of the following: electrical or software engineering or computer science or 4+ years of relevant work experience.
2+ years of experience with programming languages: Javascript, Python, Java, C or Shell.
2+ years of experience with databases is required: TSDBs, SQL variants or Mongo, TICK stack experience preferred.
Familiarity with communication protocols and web standards: HTTP, Websocket, REST, RPC, KepServerEx, CIP, OPC, Ethernet/IP, MQTT.
Understanding of OOP or other programming models: composition, inheritance, polymorphism, async, flow inversion of control.
Allen Bradley ControlLogix system knowledge is beneficial, but training is provided as required.
PTC ThingWorx knowledge is beneficial, but training is provided as required.
IT/computer networking skills are an asset: LANs, subnets, troubleshooting communication issues.
Methodical, able to pay close attention to detail, and possess excellent communication skills.
Flexibility in learning new technologies, often independently and under pressure.
Able to work independently and be results driven.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A “Fair Chance” job (you or the employer follow Fair Chance hiring practices when performing background checks)
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
A job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.bidgroup.ca
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.9,"BID Group Technologies, US Inc
2.9",South Carolina,-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
43,Cloud Data Engineer,"$93k-$165k
(Glassdoor Est.)","sdg is a high performance software community. sdg consultants build and deliver custom software for some of the largest and most recognizable local and national brands. In this role you will be asked to leverage your current skills and learn new ones. Working in over 400 different technologies and continually learning together, you can expect a one-of-a-kind and award winning work experience.

If you have proven experience working with one or more Public Cloud Providers such as AWS and Microsoft Azure in a handful of the following, we want to hear from you.
Design and development of relational and non-relational databases, data warehouses and data lakes
RDS, Azure SQL DB, Azure DB for MySQL, Azure DB for PostgresSQL
AWS DynamoDB, AWS SimpleDB, Azure Cosmos DB
Amazon Redshift, Azure Data Lake Storage, Azure Synapse Analytics
AWS DB Migration Service, Azure DB Migration Service
Development, monitoring and maintenance of data integration and processing tools and pipelines
AWS Glue, AWS Data Pipeline, Azure Data Factory
AWS Data Pipeline, AWS Glue
Design and testing of machine learning and data science tools, including the building and deployment of data models
Amazon EMR, Azure Databricks, Azure HDInsight
Implementation of high-capacity, real-time data streaming technologies
AWS Kinesis Analytics, Azure Stream Analytics, Azure Data Lake Analytics, AWS Lambda
Data analysis and visualization tools
AWS QuickSight, Azure PowerBI
Amazon Athena, Azure Data Lake Analytics
Leveraging non-database data storage alternatives to maximize performance, costs and data quality
AWS S3, Azure Blob Storage
AWS ElastiCache, Azure Cache for Redis
AWS CloudSearch, Azure Search
Familiarity with security and security policies within AWS and Azure
Nice to have
Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experience
Success working on high performance teams
Azure or AWS Certification
Delivered solutions in large scale enterprise environments
Prior consulting or professional services experience
Motivated to continually improve your craft, sharing and learning every day
Exceptional integrity with the desire to create the best possible customer outcomes
bonus experience

Bachelor's Degree in related field or equivalent work experience
Success working on high performance teams
Delivered solutions in large scale enterprise environments
Prior consulting or professional services experience
Motivated to continually improve your craft, sharing and learning every day
Exceptional integrity with the desire to create the best possible customer outcomes

what's in it for you?

Full-time salaried position with sdg, a 10-time Best Place to Work
Engaged teammates who care about quality solutions
Challenging and rewarding work with great customers
Abundant opportunities to give back to the community
A company proven to make decisions based on its core values
A true stake in success as sdg is an ESOP, 100% employee owned
Year-round technology and social events to stay sharp and have fun
Membership in the best technology community in the Twin Cities",4.9,"Solution Design Group
4.9","Golden Valley, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
44,Senior Software Engineer (Node.js),-1,"Company / Industry: *
We are a funded, early-stage startup company in the Hospitality industry that focuses on providing customers with an Inventory Management solution for their draft beverage programs - specifically beer. Our solution monitors beverage quality, compares pours to sales, and provides real-time alerts. In addition to the practical benefits of our system, we provide owners with a deeper understanding of how their business is operating by generating actionable, data-driven insights that enable them to make better business decisions.
Responsibilities: *
As a Senior Software Engineer at our company, you be responsible for building APIs and contributing to new features and capabilities added to future releases..
Develop new RESTful APIs
Expand and Optimize existing RESTful APIs
Assist with database migrations
Ideal Candidate Qualifications*:

· Beer-enthusiast!!

· Self-motivated individual who is organized and adaptive to a high-pace environment and has experience adding process and controls to a loosely structured environment.

· Experience with a small development team, in the weeds on the code yet also able to step back and manage priorities and new modifications.

· Ability and willingness to evaluate and learn new technologies and apply them effectively.
Job Functions: *
· Build things, make the systems talk to each other and create cool reports that help owners manage costs and efficiency.

· Code – this is a hands-on job, while some management tasks are included, you will be expected to write code and become intimate with all parts of the solution.

· Enforce quality best practices, code documentation and release management. Lead by example as well as train more junior staff on how things should be done.

· Coordinate with software testing, diagnostics, and troubleshooting all while coordinating schedules and dev team productivity.
Knowledge & Skill Requirements: *
nodeJS (4+ years)
SQL Expert (3+ years)
API Development experience (3+ years)
Knowledge & Skill Preferences: *
Amazon Web Services familiarity
PostgreSQL familiarity
Gitflow Workflow familiarity
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
NodeJS and API: 4 years (Required)
Application Question:
Please elaborate on your AWS experience, including setup, tuning and shut-down of instances in a multi-cloud environment.
Work Location:
One location
Relocation Assistance Provided:
No
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
https://bartrack.beer
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,BarTrack,"Sterling, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
45,Sr. Software Engineer / Software Engineer,"Employer Provided Salary:
$50k-$80k","Intellitech Corporation, an Ohio based technology company and the Nation’s leader in Public Safety and complete Jail Technologies is inviting qualified candidates to join our team of highly skilled software engineers.
Job Overview
We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our growing Engineering team and build out our current and the next generation of our platforms. The ideal candidate is a hands-on platform builder with significant experience in developing scalable software and data platforms. Ideally we’re looking for someone with experience in Jail Computer Aided Dispatch, business intelligence, analytics, data science and data products. However, a strong software developer can learn some of these skills here at Intellitech!
They must have strong, firsthand technical expertise in a variety of configuration management and Microsoft technologies and the proven ability to fashion robust scalable solutions that can manage large data sets. They must be at ease working in an agile environment with little supervision. This person should embody a passion for continuous improvement and software/technology innovation.
Job Title: JAIL and COMPUTER AIDED DISPATCH SOFTWARE ENGINEER

Primary Job Responsibilities
Expands new features and capabilities in an existing Jail and Computer Aided Dispatch system used by agencies across the United States. In this role you will use innovative techniques to create software solutions solving complex problems by designing, developing, and installing solutions in mission critical agencies supporting Police Departments, Fire, RMS, EMS, etc. This is an exciting opportunity to work in a high paced, high-tech organization.
Software Engineer Job Duties:
Determines operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions.
Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming.
Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures.
Obtains and licenses software by obtaining required information from vendors; recommending purchases; testing and approving products.
Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.
Protects operations by keeping information confidential.
Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues.
Accomplishes engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed.
Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle.
Locations: Dublin Ohio, Poland Ohio, Others Software Engineer Skills and Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent experience.
Hands-on experience working with technologies like .Net C#, Clarion (is a plus), Power BI (is a plus) SQL
Experience with Scrum/Agile development methodologies.
Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ideally we’re looking for someone with 3-5 years of experience, has a BS degree in computer science or similar.",-1,Intellitech Corporation,"Dublin, OH",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
46,Data Engineer,"Employer Provided Salary:
$45-$55 Per Hour","StarsHR has the following contract opportunity available with our client in St. Louis.

Data Engineer

Required
5 years or more experience in Java, Scala or Python.
Ability to perform complex data analysis with large volumes of data.
Experience with stream processing, e.g. Kafka, Spark Streaming, Akka, Flink, etc..
Expert level proficiency in SQL.
Experience data modeling for large scale databases, either relational or NoSQL (graph, key:value, document, etc.) • 5+ years experience with developing ETL/Data Pipeline solutions.
Proven experience (2 years) with distributed systems, e.g. Mesos, Kubernetes, Spark, Hadoop, distributed databases, grid computing
Desired:
Experience developing and utilizing Data Lakes.
Experience with data privacy concerns
Ability to build and maintain modern cloud architecture, e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, etc.
Experience contributing to open source projects
• Knowledge of data science practices, to better steer our efforts to support them through the infrastructure we create",4.6,"StarsHR
4.6","Saint Louis, MO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
47,Software Engineer Backend,"$49k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","RealTruck, a Truck Hero company, specializes in truck and Jeep® accessories. We are a well-established, privately held, company that is transforming itself into a leading-edge technology company seeking to disrupt the automotive aftermarket e-commerce space. We have offices in Florida, North Dakota, Indiana and Missouri.

Our mission is to revolutionize the truck accessory industry by focusing on innovation, inspiration and unmatched service. We provide an immersive and engaging experience for truck enthusiasts with expert advice and comprehensive information on every product we sell.

Position Summary: The Backend Software Engineer plays a significant role in our Technology Team, helping drive the future direction of our systems and is responsible for developing and maintaining several aspects of our cutting edge cloud-based eCommerce platform.

Primary Responsibilities:
Work with backend team to develop and implement server-side solutions
Work with systems processing large amounts of data required to support operations
Write clean, maintainable, and testable code to ease further development. Provide reasonable test coverage using unit testing best practices
Research and recommend ways to improve and modernize existing systems
Education and Experience:
BS, Computer Science with 3+ years of experience, or equivalent working with Node, or other backend languages
Experience troubleshooting and optimizing existing code
Conceptual understanding of modern software practices including automated testing, and CI/CD
Understanding of public cloud PaaS (Heroku, DigitalOcean, or AWS)
Basic understanding of Docker/containers
Skills and Abilities:
Excellent communication and organizational skills
Experience working in a TDD environment
Experience working with an enterprise ERP system, especially NetSuite
Experience building with IaaS systems like AWS or GCP
Experience with functions as a service system like AWS Lambda or Azure Functions
Experience with event-driven architecture and asynchronous programming
In light of the current pandemic situation, to protect all team members we also require the ability to:
Pass daily pandemic health screening protocols which include responding to CDC recommended personal health and activity related questions.
Follow pandemic safety protocols which may include:
Wearing of an approved face covering at all times
Washing hands/use of hand sanitizer upon entry to facility and as needed throughout the day
Cleaning/disinfecting of personal work area
Maintaining social/physical distancing requirements (six feet from others) whenever possible
In some circumstances submitting to company paid virus testing through approved medical provider
Travel
10% or less.
Total Rewards!
Comprehensive Benefits Package for you and your family with coverage beginning the 1st of the month following the start of employment. This includes medical, dental, vision, basic life and AD&D, Short Term/Long Term Disability, Critical Illness, Accident, Hospital Indemnity, and Legal Coverage
Eligibility to participate in our company matching 401k plan after 30 days of employment.
PTO allowance with no waiting period.
Healthcare Flexible Spending Account and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account.
Employee Assistance Program.
Tuition Reimbursement Program.
Employee discounts automotive aftermarket accessories.
Opportunities: To participate in some of our many different professional development programs offered, to give back to our community, support our Veterans, have fun at work, to be a part of something great, and much more!",3.7,"RealTruck - ECommerce
3.7","Fargo, ND",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Automotive Parts & Accessories Stores,Retail,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
48,Senior Data and Software Engineer,"$108k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description: Senior Data and Software Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering

Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a self-motivated Senior Data and Software Engineer to lead the design and development of our big data infrastructure, that is secure, scalable, highly performant, and able to handle diverse data sets, leveraging latest technologies such as Hadoop and Spark, both on-premise and in the cloud. This position requires lot of experience in designing and building data pipelines, data services, data warehouses, business intelligence and machine learning platforms, especially around unified consumer behavioral and profile data.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools/technologies such as SQL/NoSQL, Python, and Tableau to process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Build, automate and manage data ingestion pipelines for master data management, deep-learning, and predictive analytics
Build and maintain big data environments that are highly secure, scalable, flexible, and performant using appropriate SQL, NoSQL and NewSQL technologies.
Lead data governance and data profiling efforts to ensure data quality and proper meta data documentation for data lineage.
Enhance and modernize platform for precision marketing decision engine based on predictive analytics/machine learning.
Provide technical input into build/buy/partner decisions for all components of the data infrastructure.
Collaborate with diverse technical and non-technical teams located across multiple time-zones on client deliverables and technical support
Participate-in and contribute to design and code reviews
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
5+ years of experience in data integration / data engineering
5+ years of experience in data modeling and architecture
3+ years of experience with building data pipelines and analytics data marts on MPP databases such as RedShift, BigQuery
3+ years of experience working on cloud platforms such as AWS or GCP
3+ years of experience programming in Apache Spark, Hadoop, and python
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Knowledge of data science / machine learning is a plus
Very strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box",3.1,"Affinity Solutions
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
49,Data Analyst,"$59k-$73k
(Employer Est.)","Data Analyst

Job Details
Job Location
Yakima - Yakima, WA
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Bachelor's degree
Salary Range
$58,900.00 - $73,600.00 Salary/year
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Information Technology
Description
Who is Comprehensive Healthcare?
Comprehensive Healthcare provides innovative behavioral health and integrated healthcare services to clients of all ages. We take pride in our creative and collaborative work environment and in delivering clinically excellent, trauma-informed, recovery-oriented services.

What are we looking for in a Data Analyst?
As a member of the Information Services department, the Data Analyst supports Comprehensive’s technology and business initiatives by coordinating the collection, storage, and utilization of essential data. This position will work closely with leadership and other staff to determine data needs for specific projects or ad hoc requests, and then gather, interpret, and present the information to the team. The work of the Data Analyst will impact day-to-day clinic operations as well as business decisions, so a high degree of accuracy, thoroughness, and timeliness are essential. Previous experience performing data analytics in the healthcare field is required. The Data Analyst will work on-site in our Yakima office.

Data Analyst duties may include:
integrating data from internal & external sources and performing extract, transform, and load operations to data in various applications
analyzing data to identify and interpret patterns or trends in data sets
performing data audits to identify problem areas & implementing strategies to optimize data integrity and process improvements
assisting with the design & implementation of database warehouse structure and developing standards for the design of data elements
supporting the implementation, testing, and validation of data & software systems
assisting with ongoing data architecture processes & governance
providing Tier II technical support to employees
documenting all work as it is completed
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data analytics, or related field
Three years of experience with data analysis within the healthcare industry
What Comprehensive Healthcare Can Offer You
Training and Development
A variety of career opportunities in a wide range of settings with room for mobility and promotion
Regular training opportunities including support, supervision, and consultation in implementing evidence-based services and programs
Innovative Program & Services
A strong reputation for providing quality, evidence-based services within a collaborative multi-disciplinary team environment
Innovative, forward-looking leadership that seeks to thrive in an ever-changing healthcare environment
Joint Commission-accredited organization committed to continuous quality improvement
Established partnerships with major research universities and other community and healthcare providers to implement cutting-edge treatment programs and services
Excellent Benefits
Competitive salaries within our communities and industry
Healthcare coverage for employee and qualified family members
Generous vacation, paid holiday and sick leave policies
Access to Employee Assistance Program services
Agency-funded retirement plan with contributions equal to 5% of compensation
Additional retirement investment opportunities with a 50% investment match of up to 4% of compensation
Agency-funded life and disability insurance program
Equal Opportunity Employer
Comprehensive Healthcare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. We value the diverse perspectives and strengths that our employees bring to the workplace and we encourage individuals from underrepresented groups to apply for our positions. The Human Resources department offers accommodations and assistance for the application and interview process; please contact us at (509) 575-4084 to make arrangements.",3.3,"Comprehensive Healthcare
3.3","Yakima, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
50,Data Engineer,"$69k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

NJVC, LLC

Company Job Title: Data Engineer

Clearance: Top Secret with ability to obtain SCI

Location: Springfield, VA

Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular

Summary:

The Data Engineer will work with product owners and data stewards to deliver high quality technical solutions in response to business requirements. You will be counted on to provide your peers with technical expertise that will offer solutions for difficult programming problems.

Duties and Responsibilities:
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including UI and custom code features.
Write or create stored procedures, SQL scripts, SSIS packages that can be used to:
Move data from source databases to target databases
Clean / Condition data
Convert or transform data
Reconcile and confirm converted data
Find data errors
Validate data to business rules
Ability to examine existing ETL scripts and track data back to source
SQL Server administration, tuning, and workbench.
Work with business experts to understand data and complete data mappings.
Focus on the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) jobs currently using Microsoft SQL, Server, and SSIS.
The environment currently supports hundreds of related ETL jobs that move data between 30 different source systems and between multiple classifications.
Part of the challenge as a data engineer will be to find scalable and efficient coding solutions that plug into this extensible system in order to add more data to the Enterprise data store.
Other duties as assigned
Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)
Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of relevant experience with the following software / tools:
Experience with Microsoft SQL
Prior experience supporting IC/DoD
The existing data warehouse is built on Microsoft SQL hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), so experience developing solutions that scale well in these environments is a plus.
Active Top-Secret Clearance with ability to obtain SCI
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Ability to work independently and yet be effective within a team setting
Must be capable of managing multiple efforts with time related constraints in a fast-paced contracting environment
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholder groups and individuals
Friendly presence, helpful attitude, good interpersonal skills, and ability to work well with others.
Excellent skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other Office applications
Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, and experience working in a home office setting as well as the ability to train end users on frequently asked technical issues.
Ability to provide technical assistance and support over the phone; good phone skills, professional demeanor, previous customer service experience strongly desired.
Good problem-solving skills; ability to visualize a problem/situation and think abstractly to solve it

Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.
Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)
The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.
Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-Springfield

Organization: NJVC
Strategic Business Unit: Military Intelligence and Operations Support
Security Requirements: Top Secret
Job Schedule: Full Time Exempt
Recruiter: Jonas Patterson
Req ID: 2000001203",4.3,"Chenega MIOS
4.3","Springfield, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
51,Senior Civil Engineer,-1,"Job Title: Senior Civil Engineer
About the Role*
Pasadena based Engineering & Design firm leading the energy transition for Fortune 500 companies is seeking a Licensed Senior Civil Engineer with growth opportunity to an Associate/Principle who has a minimum of 10 years’ experience in design, project management and business development to lead our alternative fuels civil engineering team. This is a key role which requires a self-starter to engage in heavy production and management, workload scheduling and coordinating with Project Managers on fast paced projects.

(Applicants from outside staffing agencies will not be considered)
Design Engineering – 75%*
Develops standard or special designs, plans, specifications, and specific job procedures for projects, when applicable.
Develops and accurately completes LID, WQMP, Hydrology Reports, SWPPP, Cost Estimates, and NOI plans and applications.
Prepares design calculations; checks and reviews plans, drawings, specifications, and reports
Designs Conceptual, Preliminary, and Construction Document level Site Plan.
Designs Site Drainage/Stormwater, Utility plan - Sanitary Sewer Service and Water Service, Demolition and Erosion Control plan.
Generates Entitlement and Construction Document document submittal requirments.
Actively manages design coordination with outside consultants (survey,landscape, structual engineer, and MEP).
Determines the need for basic data such as field surveys, location of utilities, soil tests, and requests/obtains information through appropriate channels.
Performs QA/QC, reviews calculations, designs, evaluations and specifications developed by design staff for accuracy and completeness on all documents within the purview of the civil engineering team.
Advises company clients, outside consultants, and AHJ’s on civil engineering matters
As needed, performs difficult research, investigation, and design work.
Management – 25%*
Ability to receive assignments in general terms and plan, layout, and direct the work of a group of engineers on a variety of problems
Schedules, coordinates and attends meetings with project teams, client and/or review agencies, and ensures that timely and appropriate documents (exhibits, progress prints, backup data, etc.) required for the meetings are prepared.
Administers major contracts with consultants/contractors for studies, and design projects
*Team Management: *
Provides hands-on direction and coordinate the work of a unit with a general program or a specific problem; identifying potential design and scheduling issues and implementing cost-effective solutions, managing and evaluating both direct reports and outside consultants (civil, survey, landscape, Geotech, etc.).
Maintains work schedules for direct reports and provides direct supervision of team in accordance with the company’s policies and applicable laws.
Accountabilities*
Accountable for all Fiedler Group Civil Engineering design activities, including consultant design activities, as well as the accuracy, cost controls, budget, reporting, and timeliness of all assigned projects and related client management.
Accountable for the quality and accuracy of all Civil Engineering project deliverables, exhibits and documents.
Responsible for plan check requirements and ensuring compliance with green book, building codes and regulations.
Skills Required: *
Technical Skills:
Knowledge of the principles and practices of civil engineering; civil engineering methods and practices used in the preparation of designs, plans, specifications, estimates, and reports; the principles and techniques of drafting and mapping; field engineering methods.
Skilled in interpreting specifications, plans, and drawings; field engineering methods; finding engineering information sources; making accurate engineering computations.
Ability to understand technical engineering questions and provide accurate information;
Software Skills
Proficient with AutoCAD Civil 3D (i.e. feature lines, surfaces, grading labels, earthwork, and profiles)
Proficient with Autoturn CAD software– truck route design and analysis.
Proficient with Microsoft Excel.
Other skills:
A strong sense of urgency, ability to multi-task competing priorities and still be precise, accurate, detail oriented, and quality driven.
Strong time management and organizational skills with an emphasis on accuracy;
Excellent verbal and written communication skills;
Education and Experience: *
Required: Civil P.E. License in California
Required: BS or MS Civil Engineering from an accredited university
Required: 6 to 10 years of related progressive experience in management and responsibilities; with a minimum 5 years of experience in supervision and development of LID, WQMP, Hydrology Reports, SWPPP, Cost Estimates, and NOI plans
Preferred: Certificates in Qualified Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP) Developer, Qualified SWPPP Practitioner
Preferred: multi-site project coordination with various disciplines
Preferred: Experience in fuel at UST (underground storage tanks)
Compensation*:

This is a Full Time, Exempt position. Salary commensurate with experience.
Benefits & Perks: *
At Fiedler Group, we pride ourselves on the team atmosphere we have built and believe that a positive work environment not only fuels creativity and drive, but also provides a collaborative environment that fosters individual learning and growth. Therefore, we have developed the benefits package below to enhance our employees' overall employment experience.

Our benefits include:
95% paid Medical (HMO & PPO), 90% paid Dental
100% paid Vision, LTD, Life Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health and Wellness Benefit
401(k) Plan with immediate vesting and company matching
Discretionary Bonuses
Tiered Paid Time Off (PTO) starting at 15 days/year
PTO Cash Out Option
9 Paid Holidays
Holiday Get-Togethers & Firm-wide celebrations and events
Training and Educational Opportunities
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
supervision and development of LID, WQMP, Hydrology Reports,: 5 years (Required)
Civil Engineering: 10 years (Preferred)
License:
California Civil Engineer Professional (Preferred)
Application Question:
What are your salary expectations?
Work Location:
One location",2.4,"Fiedler Group
2.4",California,-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
52,Senior Software Engineer (Apache Kafka),-1,"Overview:

Who we are:

Virgin Pulse, founded as part of Sir Richard Branson’s famed Virgin Group, helps organizations build employee health and wellbeing into the DNA of their corporate cultures. As the only company to deliver a powerful, mobile-first digital platform infused with live services, including coaching and biometric screenings, Virgin Pulse takes a high-tech-meets-high-touch-approach to engage employees in improving across all aspects of their health and wellbeing, every day – from prevention and building a healthy lifestyle to condition and disease management to condition reversal, all while transparently engaging users daily in building and sustaining relevant healthy habits and behaviors. A global leader in health and wellbeing, Virgin Pulse is committed to helping change lives and businesses around the world for good so that people and organizations can thrive, together. Today, more than 3100 organizations across the globe are using Virgin Pulse’s solutions to improve health, employee wellbeing and engagement, reduce costs and create strong workplace cultures.

We engage several million members worldwide through our App Store and Play Store Applications that have over 500k consumer reviews and 4.8+ ratings

Who are our employees?

At Virgin Pulse we’re passionate about changing lives for good. We want to make a difference in the world by helping people be healthy so they can perform at their best, every day, at work and at home. Our award-winning solutions support leading employers in improving and simplifying the employee health and wellbeing journey and engaging people in all aspects of their health. But our world-class products and programs are nothing without our people – the employees who design, build, promote, sell, test and perfect the latest innovations in workplace health and wellbeing. Our people are our top priority and we invest in their health and happiness. At Virgin Pulse, we have so much more than a strong, supportive company culture – have a shared vision for a healthier, happier world.

Responsibilities:

Who you are

As a Senior Software Engineer at Virgin Pulse you will be working on a Digital Health SaaS platform that supports millions of engaged, active members in 20 languages across 190 countries, serving over 50 billion+ API calls every year to mobile and desktop users.

In this particular role, you will be working on the Kafka pipeline engineering team, with frequent interactions with various engineering teams that are producing and consuming a billion+ events. You will be working with a passionate and strong team of engineers and product managers. With your strong background in cloud technologies and software architecture you will have the opportunity to develop, manage and optimize our tech stack and production pipelines. This work may include projects like building out new customer-facing features, creating the APIs for new capabilities, data integration from our partners, developing new strategies for managing our product stack and optimizing existing code to make it more performant. If you are someone with an appetite for growth we will offer you more opportunity to learn directly from our highly skilled group of engineers.

You are knowledgeable in and have been writing production-ready code in Java and Kotlin using your strong analytical skills. You possess the desire and ability to learn quickly but any familiarity with Angular and the AWS ecosystem will make you stand out. Along with excellent problem-solving abilities and strong communication skills, you also have the desire and ability to self-start and time manage in a fast-paced environment; all of which will set you up for success in our team.

What your typical day looks like.

Design, build, and evolve durable, highly scalable Kafka infrastructure
Provide expertise and establish best practices on the development, monitoring, and maintenance of event-based technologies.
Write production ready code in Java and Kotlin
Design, develop and deploy backend services with focus on high availability, low latency and scalability
Monitor, test, and continuously optimize your designs
Provide technical leadership and coaching to the more junior team members to enable them to build better software.
Master our development process, culture and code base, then think of ways to improve it and implement within our team.
Take operational responsibility for the services that are owned by your team, potentially including taking part in off hour calls with systems support team
Qualifications:

What you bring to the team

In order to represent the best of what we have to offer you come to us with a multitude of positive attributes including:

Fluency in Java
4 or more years of experience developing services and APIs
Experience with Apache Kafka in a high-throughput production environment.
A solid understanding of best practices for software development including testing, monitoring, and design
Desire to go beyond the functional solution to build maintainable and well-tested code
A desire to partner closely with product managers to refine the product
Ability to articulate and champion design strategies related to scalability, maintainability, performance, security and usability

What makes you stand out.

Experience with stream processing applications such as Flink, KSQL/ksqlDB, KStreams, or Materialize
Expertise in schema registries and knowledge of the tradeoffs between various message serialization protocols
Experience with some of the tools in our tech stack, particularly Spring Boot, Cassandra, PostgreSQL and/or Elasticsearch
Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery technologies like Maven, TeamCity, Ansible, Harness, Terraform, or similar
Experience with highly scalable systems in an AWS ecosystem

Virgin Pulse is looking to add multiple experienced Sr. Software engineers to our rapidly growing team. We need your help to build the next generation of our vision to change lives for the better.

Security Competencies:

Work to ensure system and data security is maintained at a high standard, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Virgin Pulse application is not compromised. Ensure industry best practice coding standards are adhered to in particular ensure all code developed at Virgin Pulse is free from bugs and security vulnerabilities, such as those defined and published by OWASP.

Why work here?

We believe a career should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, strong employee culture and cutting-edge technology and services — so many reasons to love it here.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any protected class status.
#LI-REMOTE",-1,VirginPulse,"Appleton, WI",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
53,Want to be a Big Data Engineer?,-1,"Big Data Engineer

Full-Time. Multiple Locations

Annual Salary Range: Based on experience

Full benefits including:

Medical/Dental/Vision /Paid travel/Paid Time Off/ 401(k) savings plan
Who We Are: *
Enhance IT is an IT/Management firm that specializes in continued education, placement and IT consultation. We are an industry leader in providing top-level skilled and experienced consultants in a variety of technologies to meet our client’s needs in today’s fast paced environment.
What you will be doing: *
You will be joining our growing team of analytics experts. We want individuals who are comfortable asking “why”. The ideal candidate is a data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing a company’s data architecture to support next generation and data initiatives. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. They are a team player possessing strong analytical as well as technical skills and are able to communicate the logic behind technical decisions to non-tech stakeholders.
What you need for this position: *
Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent quantitative field and 3+ years of experience in a similar Big Data Engineer role.
Demonstrated ability to build processes that support data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to project manage and work with cross-functional teams
Working SQL knowledge with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Bonus points: *
Relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Object-oriented/Object function scripting languages such as Python, Scala, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
8 hour shift",3.8,"Enhance IT
3.8","Charlotte, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
54,Project Engineer II- HVAC,"$50k-$69k
(Glassdoor Est.)","PEOPLE FIRST: BUILDING TALENT BY DESIGN

Envise understands that people are key to our success as a company. The people who work for us, the people we serve, and the people who live and work in the buildings we design, build and optimize.

At Envise, we seek people that don’t just follow a career path, but who are looking to gain the best experiences and to have an impact wider than their own job. We believe in building talent and thrive on creating a strong company culture where you’ll feel engaged, challenged and valued.

If you’re ready for the next big step in your career and want the fun and fast paced excitement of a growing company, then JOIN our team of awesome ENVISERS and become a part of an organization that values RELATIONSHIPS, FUN, TRANSPARENCY, INNOVATION, COLLABORATION, SAFETY & INTEGRITY.

POSITION SUMMARY

How would you like to be part of building the LA area? With Envise, you'll be able to see our projects come to life!

Position Summary:

The Project Engineer is the entry point for a career in project management. Primary responsibility is to assist a project manager or managers to successfully coordinate a project using the necessary engineering, labor, equipment, materials, tools, and subcontracted services. This position requires the development of skills in estimating, scheduling and design to better understand the coordination of the design-build construction process.

What you will do:
Support field labor teams and provide Labor feedback
Help with equipment procurement and subcontractor selection
Assist with Document Control
Help coordinate the Design, Trades, and Subcontractors
Assemble complete submittal packages and other required project documentation information for use by the construction team.
Assist in budget analysis, cost and margin projections, estimate project changes & impacts
Assist in the development of project schedules.
What you will need to be successful:
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Mechanical Engineering, Civil Engineering, or Construction Management
Must have 1-3 years of experience in a related field
Basic ERP skills that will include inquiring, reviewing and printing job cost reports, labor feedback entry and purchase order entry.
Basic knowledge of HVAC design to include types of equipment utilized in the industry as well as general understanding of system operations (i.e. variable air, constant volume, refrigeration cycle).
Ability to read mechanical and plumbing CAD drawings, blueprints, submittals, and reports, so project process can be accurately tracked
Experience working on multiple projects with tight schedules and deadlines.
ENVISER BENEFITS

As an employee-owned company, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes excellent benefits for you and your family:
401(k) Plan with 50% Company Match(no cap) and immediate 100% vesting
Annual bonus program based upon performance, profitability, and achievement
Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance - 100% paid for Employees
Term Life, AD&D Insurance, and Voluntary Life Insurance
Disability Income Protection Insurance
Pre-tax Flexible Spending Plans (Health and Dependent Care)
Holidays/Vacation/Personal Time
Numerous training opportunities and company paid membership for professional associations and licenses
ABOUT US

Envise is a wholly owned subsidiary of Southland Industries (www.southlandind.com). As a building management systems integrator, Envise unites analytics, building automation, and equipment lifecycle management. Resulting in higher building performance, the organization’s integrated, data-driven approach helps improve facilities throughout the building lifecycle. Helping to manage both facilities and budgets, the knowledgeable experts at Envise form long-term, collaborative partnerships to meet customers’ goals and deliver customized building solutions (www.enviseco.com).

FOLLOW US

For more information on Envise, please visit our web site: www.enviseco.com, Glassdoor.com and LinkedIN.

To hear what our employees are saying about working at the companies of Southland Industries, check out our Career Video - Working at Southland

Southland Industries and all its subsidiaries is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. We are committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing our employees with a safe work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Southland Industries are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, gender, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, family care or medical leave status, veteran status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Southland Industries will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics.

**All employment offers are contingent upon successful, drug test, background check and professional reference checks.**

*At this time we are unable to offer employment sponsorship*

If you don’t feel this position is match for you, we encourage you to share it with others. Feel free to share throughout your social networks and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram to keep up to date on what we’re doing as a company.",3.6,"Southland Industries
3.6","Garden Grove, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1949,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
55,Software Engineer - Data Analytics,"$71k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels with Data Analytics development experience. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for critical mission support. The candidate should be experienced with development, deployment, administration, and integration of data analytic frameworks. A knowledge of bulk, streaming, time series, and graph analytic engineering needed.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop, and deploy analytic software solutions
Self-motivated with a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Creating and deploying software solutions using predictive analytics, big data processing, and/or cloud computing
Designing and developing data analytic software solutions that use large-scale distributed software techniques
Working directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems
Performing dataflow, transform, distribution, and ingest engineering
Working across multi-functional teams to support the integration of multiple formats of data
Supporting the addition of Data Provenance and design with legal compliance requirements in mind
Educating product development and operations teams though documentation, presentations and demonstrations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design, development, and deployment of data analytic software systems
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Experience with Agile development and Agile tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence)
Experience within the SIGINT mission environment and an understanding of customer data formats
Experience with distributed data frameworks such as Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark, Heron, Storm, Accumulo, Kafka
Experience with container orchestration such as Kubernetes
Experience with multiple types of databases such as NoSQL, RDBMS, Key-Value, Document
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Comfortable meeting with customers and peers to explore change requests, bugs and new ideas
Understanding of legal requirements in respect to Data Provenance
Documentation experience, to include up-front design documentation


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
56,Data Engineer,"$58k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Astor & Sanders, an IT solutions provider located in Rockville, Maryland is currently seeking a Data Engineer to work in a government facility in Washington, DC.

Roles and Responsibilities

· Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data

delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc

· Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related

technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs

· Work in a process-oriented, software development work environment

· Have exceptional analytical skills, showing fluency in the use of tools such as SQL and strong Java programming

skills

· Be technologically adept, demonstrating strong computer skills

· Be capable of developing databases using SQL scripts

· Demonstrate expertise in data modeling and query performance tuning on DB2, Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL or similar platforms

· Experience in implementing or following software development processes 1605DC-20-Q-00092 OLMS Electronic Labor Organization Reporting System (e.LORS) Information Technology Services Support 41

· Experience writing/editing Information Technology Documentation

· Experience with Section 508 compliant development efforts

· Past experience with developing baselines for system/applications, developing and maintaining configuration control documentation, and providing guidance and assistance to project personnel in documenting and approving engineering changes. · Integration experience with Web Services, APIs, and SOA.

Minimum Education: Bachelors’ of Science Degree; Computer Science, or degree in a related field Substitution: 5 years of direct relevant technical experience with high school diploma

Certification(s): None

Clearances: Capable of a Public Trust Security Clearance

.",3.1,"Astor & Sanders Corp
3.1","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
57,Data Engineer,"$93k-$165k
(Glassdoor Est.)","sdg is a high performance software community. sdg consultants build and deliver custom software for some of the largest and most recognizable local and national brands. In this role you will be asked to leverage your current skills and learn new ones. Working in over 200 different technologies and continually learning together, you can expect a one-of-a-kind and award winning work experience.
If you have proven experience in a handful of the following, we want to hear from you:
Git / SVN / TFS / VSTS
Jenkins / Travis / Bamboo / Go
Vagrant / Packer / Terraform
GitHub / Bamboo / GitLabs
Chef / Puppet / Ansible / SaltStack
Docker / Docker Swarm
Kubernetes / OpenShift
Power-Shell / Bash
AWS / Azure / GCP / OpenStack
Cloud Formation / Code Deploy
Spring Boot / Tomcat / WebLogic / JBoss
ELK Stack / Splunk
AMQP / RabbitMQ / Active MQ
New Relic / Dynatrace / AppDynamics / Sensu
JIRA / Rally / VersionOne
VMware / VirtualBox
F5 / Citrix / NGINX /Amazon ELB
Pipeline Design & Management
Application Lifecycle Management
Leading Cultural Change
Bonus experience:
Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experience
Success working on high performance teams
Delivered solutions in large scale enterprise environments
Prior consulting or professional services experience
Motivated to continually improve your craft, sharing and learning every day
Exceptional integrity with the desire to create the best possible customer outcomes
What's in it for you?
Full-time salaried position with sdg, a 10-time Best Place to Work
Engaged teammates who care about quality solutions
Challenging and rewarding work with great customers
Abundant opportunities to give back to the community
A company proven to make decisions based on its core values
A true stake in success. sdg is an ESOP, 100% employee owned
Year-round technology & social events to stay sharp and have fun
Membership in the best technology community in the Twin Cities",4.9,"Solution Design Group
4.9","Golden Valley, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
58,Data Engineer,"$49k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data science engineer, you will be part of a team of data science engineers who research and development design, test, and deployment of automated process, reports and data processing systems. Data science engineer team use their analytics skills to develop solutions for storing and retrieving information related to the processing, publication, and distribution of scientific data products You will help the team philosophy on software engineering and serves as a mentor for understanding the inner workings and the debugging of complex queries and workflows on parallel data processing systems.
The candidate will have a strong technical ability, excellent project management skills, great communication skills, and a motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment.

Responsibilities\*\*
Create and maintain the high-quality data set to serve as the source of truth for various fundamental data captured, and hence enabling data scientist to be more confident on their analysis, machine learning training and reporting.
Create and maintain blue print for data to integrate, centralize and maintain the data sources.
Implement data preparation solutions.
Implement, verify, design, and maintain software systems.
Ensure data integrity by leveraging proven methodologies, including data reconciliation, data integration and data audits.
Requirements*
MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, relevant certificates or work experience
6+ years of experience working with relational databases, data warehousing and advanced working SQL knowledge.
6+ years of successful history in manipulating, processing, and analysis of large datasets (million+ records) and comfortable analyzing datasets of 10+ million records
6+ years of experience with the following tools/concepts:
ETL process development tools, preferably SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Object-oriented development
Software development lifecycle
4+ years of experience working with Data Visualization and Descriptive Statistics, preferably SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and/or Microsoft Power BI
4+ years of experience executing full software development life cycle.
Strong skills on identifying and resolving performance and data quality issues
Solid software engineering skills across multiple languages
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Passion for teaching and mentoring
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Desired Qualifications: *
Experience working with finance industry.
Experience with one or more of the following:
Python
Scala
Java
Informatica
Manipulating/handling data in JSON or XML formats
PL/SQL
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Relational Databases: 6 years (Preferred)
Big Data Analytics: 6 years (Preferred)
Data Visualization: 6 years (Preferred)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Other
Company's website:
https://www.pragroup.com/",2.8,"PRA Group, Inc.
2.8","Richmond, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
59,"Server Engineer, Journeyman","$79k-$133k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sabre Systems has an open requirement for a Server Engineer, Journeyman level supporting the E-6B Mercury Program.

The selected candidate will perform tasks with little or no guidance. Requires configuring and managing servers of different operating systems, including installing, fixing issues, and upgrading while implementing enhancements to improve performance and reliability. Design, implement, and manage enterprise system technologies. Oversee and resolve server problems, network devices, storage, and client devices. Diagnose, detect, and resolve other issues. Have a thorough understanding of patching tools and security vulnerability scanning. Be able to interpret information in generated reports and come up with strategies to remove vulnerabilities. Create project plans for all system deployment and modifications and document them.

Functional Duties:
• Patch Systems on Windows 2016
• Write Python or PowerShell Scripts on a Windows 2016
• Manage VMs that run on a Windows10 and CENTOS7
• Develop, review, and trace program requirements documentation

Qualifications

Requirements:

• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering
• Five (5) years of experience is required
• DoD Secret Clearance or higher is required

Overview

Sabre Systems, Inc. is a quality driven, customer focused large business providing innovative solutions in the areas of Cyber, C4ISR, Business Intelligence and Data Analytics, and Enterprise Modernization to federal and civilian customers. Our mission is to ensure our customers have the technology, services, and expertise to overcome threats, maintain superiority, and quickly adapt to emerging obstacles. At Sabre, we're more than just a job - we're a team - and we care for and nurture our employees like family. If you want to be a part of creating and implementing enduring solutions that transform mission challenges into mission success – join Sabre!

Sabre provides an excellent benefits package, which includes healthcare, paid days off, tuition reimbursement, and a 401K plan.

We respect the unique perspectives that a diverse workforce of minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans brings not only to our company, but also to our customers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.

EOE Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
active DoD Secret Clearacne or higher: 1 year (Required)
related Server Engineer: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Benefits:
None
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",4.8,"Sabre Systems Inc.
4.8","Patuxent River, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
60,Senior Data Engineer,"$67k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta has an immediate need for a Senior Data Engineer to join a fast-paced program in support of a government customer with a very critical national security mission. This is a multi-year program, where the successful candidate will work on an interdisciplinary project team of more than 30 highly qualified individuals with a wide array of skills that include client (reactjs), server (spring java), QA Automation Engineers, UI/UX Designers, and DevOps engineers. The team is responsible for building a next generation Mission Information System and is performing greenfield Software Development using modern technologies via an Agile DevOps approach.

This Senior Data Engineer will play a vital role collaborating as part of this cross-functional Agile team to create and enhance data ingestion pipelines and address big data challenges. The Senior Data Engineer will work closely with the Chief Architect, systems engineers, software engineers, and data scientists on the following key tasks:
Provide Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL) experience coupled with enterprise search capabilities to solve Big Data challenges
Design and implement high-volume data ingestion and streaming pipelines using Open Source frameworks like Apache Spark, Flink, Nifi, and Kafka on AWS Cloud
Leverage strategic and analytical skills to understand and solve customer and business centric questions
Create prototypes and proofs of concept for iterative development
Learn new technologies and apply the knowledge in production systems
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the enterprise data pipelines and the data lake
Partner with various teams to define and execute data acquisition, transformation, processing and make data actionable for operational and analytics initiatives

Required Qualifications / Experience:

BS in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or a related technical field or equivalent experience with at least 8+ years in systems engineering or administration (6+ years with a MS/MIS Degree).
Must have an active Top Secret security clearance and able to obtain a TS/SCI with Polygraph.
3 years of experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, NiFi.
3 years of experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python (preferred) and/or Java.
3 years of experience with and managing data across relational SQL and NoSQL databases like MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, HDFS, Redis, and Elasticsearch.
3 years of experience working in a Linux environment.
2 years of experience working with and designing REST APIs.
Experience in designing/developing platform components like caching, messaging, event processing, automation, transformation and tooling frameworks.
Experience developing data ingest workflows with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, Kafka Streams and/or Flink.
Experience transforming data in various formats, including JSON, XML, CSV, and zipped files.
Experience with performance tuning of ETL jobs.
Experience developing flexible ontologies to fit data from multiple sources and implementing the ontology in the form of database mappings / schemas.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills necessary to work effectively with customers and other team members.

Preferred Qualifications / Experience:

Data engineering experience in the Intelligence Community or other government agencies.
Experience with Microservices architecture components, including Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience developing microservices to fit data cleansing, transformation and enrichment needs.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, S3, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Athena and/or Glue.
Experience with Jira, Confluence and extensive experience with Agile methodologies.
Knowledge about security and best practices.
Experience developing flexible data ingest and enrichment pipelines, to easily accommodate new and existing data sources.
Experience with software configuration management tools such as Git/Gitlab, Salt, Confluence, etc.
Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) pipelines and their enabling tools such as Jenkins, Nexus, etc.
Detailed oriented/self-motivated with the ability to learn and deploy new technology quickly.

Clearance Level: TS/SCI with Poly

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Reston, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
61,Data Engineer (3+ years),"$56k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What’s in it for you?
Vectorworks Inc. is a global software product company targeting entertainment, architecture and landscape industries with enterprising and intuitive solutions that allow users to create unique designs. We are looking for a Data Engineer to build, maintain, and refine our data pipelines to generate detailed metrics and reports of our software. This person will work as part of our software engineering team.
It’s an exciting time to join the Vectorworks family, and if you are looking for an opportunity to have a lasting impact on a growing team, we hope you’ll take the time to learn more about this opportunity!

In this role, you should expect to:
Build and maintain our data infrastructure
Utilize understanding of ETL principles
Exhibit a proficiency in Python and AWS analytic stack (especially S3, RDS, RS, EMR, EC2, Lambda)
Work closely with engineering and other teams to organize and extract data for analysis
Why do you want this job? Because you are:
A self-starter who is motivated to take ownership of projects and drive tasks to completion with minimal supervision
Able to provide direction and identify new areas where data can be applied to improve software and business decision making
Looking for an opportunity where you can grow and move forward with the latest trends in big data technology
Enthusiastic about improving existing data systems and adapting them to be more powerful, usable, and robust.

Why do we want you? Because you have:
A Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related field
A minimum of 3 years’ experience developing data pipelines
Solid understanding of ETL principles and how to apply them
Proficiency in Python, SQL, Spark, and Unix shell
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate across business areas
The ability to work in a fast-paced and agile development environment
Strong interest in learning and using the latest technologies
Extra Credit:
Experience with Kibana, Redshift, and Tableau Software
Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, ranging from front-end user interface to back-end systems as well as all points in between
Experience with distributed computing, NoSQL, and Flask
Familiarity with software logging
Vectorworks Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer",3.1,"Vectorworks
3.1","Columbia, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
62,Data Engineer,"$63k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Now Hiring a Data Engineer

As a Data Engineer, you will use cutting edge cloud and data technologies to streamline services to our clients. Join our team of Data and Cloud professionals and accomplish what others only dream of. This is a remote position, but will require up to 50% travel to Chevy Chase, Maryland.

Profile of Success:
Work in a team using cutting edge technologies to solve challenging business problems and build solutions
Interact directly with our client(s) to understand their needs and meet, or exceed their expectations by meeting delivery deadlines
Work in an agile environment with participation in daily stand-ups/scrum
Design, write, test, troubleshoot, and document data transformations
Learn new technologies and be aware of industry standards, best practices, and trends.
Required Skills
3+ years of experience working with Scala
Hands on Programming experience in Scala with Spark for ETL
Advanced SQL skills
Possess Hive skills with HiveQL.
Experience in designing efficient and robust ETL/ELT workflows, schedulers using Oozie, and event-based triggers
Experience as a Big Data Developer
Exposure to NoSQL databases, HBase, and the Hadoop Ecosystem
Proven ability to work with clients to understand requirements and envision data ingestion solutions
Desirable Skills
Experience with the Azure storage technologies (Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL Database)
Knowledge of Azure data movement and transformation capabilities (Azure Data Factory, Data Lake Analytics, Data Bricks, Stream Analytics)
Knowledge of Talend ETL
Microsoft related certifications such as the MCSD/MCSE",4.5,"Applied Information Sciences
4.5","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
63,Data Engineer,"$90k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us


Interested in working for a human-centered technology company that prides itself on using modern tools and technologies? Want to be surrounded by intensely curious and innovative thinkers?

Seeking to solve complex technical challenges by building products that work for people, meet and exceed the needs of businesses, and work elegantly and efficiently?

Modeling ourselves after the 1904 World's Fair, which brought innovation to the region, 1904labs is seeking top technical talent in St. Louis to bring innovation and creativity to our clients.

Our clients consist of Fortune 500 and Global 2000 companies headquartered here in St. Louis. We partner with them on complex projects that range from reimagining and refactoring their existing applications, to helping to envision and build new applications or data streams to operationalize their existing data. Working in a team-based labs model, using our own flavor of #HCDAgile, we strive to work at the cutting edge of technology's capabilities while solving problems for our clients and their users.

The Role


As a Data Engineer you would be responsible for developing and deploying cutting edge distributed data solutions. Our engineers have a passion for open source technologies, strive to build cloud first applications, and are motivated by our desire to transform businesses into data driven enterprises. This team will focus on working with platforms such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Kafka, Elasticsearch, SQL and NoSQL/Graph databases as well as cloud-based data services.

Our teams at 1904labs are Agile, and we work in a highly collaborative environment. You would be a productive member of a fast paced group and have an opportunity to solve some very complex data problems.

Requirements


3+ years of progressive experience as a Data Engineer, BI Developer, Application Developer or related occupation.
Agile: Experience working in an agile team oriented environment
Attitude / Aptitude: A passion for everything data with a desire to be at the cutting edge of technology and consistently deliver working software while always keeping an eye on opportunities for innovation.
Technical Skills (You have experience with 2 or more of these bulletpoints):
Programming in Java (Or similar JVM language such as Scala, Groovy, etc) and/or Python
Architecting and integrating big data pipelines
Working with large data volumes; this includes processing, transforming and transporting large scale data using technologies such as: MR/TEZ, Hive SQL, Spark, etc.
Have a strong background in SQL / Data Warehousing (dimensional modeling)
Have a strong background working with and/or implementing architecture for RDBMS such as: Oracle, MySQL, Postgres and/or SQLServer.
Experience with traditional ETL tools such as SSIS, Informatica, Pentaho, Talend, etc.
Experience with NoSQL/Graph Data Modeling and are actively using Cassandra, HBase, DynamoDB, Neo4J, Titan, or DataStax Graph
Installing/configuring a distributed computing/storage platform, such as Apache Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Apache Spark, Apache Hive, and/or Presto
Working with one or more streaming platforms, such as Apache Kafka, Spark Streaming, Storm, or AWS Kinesis
Working knowledge of the Linux command line and shell scripting
Desired Skills
Analytics: Have working knowledge of analytics/reporting tools such as Tableau, Spotfire, Qlikview, etc.
Open Source: Are working with open source tools now and have a background in contributing to open source projects.
Perks
Standard Benefits Program (medical, dental, life insurance, 401(k), professional development and education assistance, PTO).
Innovation Hours - Ten percent (10%) of our work week is set aside to work on our own product ideas in a highly collaborative and supportive environment. The best part: The IP remains your own. We are a high-growth culture and we know that when we help people focus on personal and professional growth, collectively, we can achieve great things.
Dress Code - we don't have one
This job is located in St. Louis, MO. While we would prefer local candidates your current location is not the most important factor; please help us understand why you would like to call St. Louis home if you would be relocating.

]]>",4.7,"1904labs
4.7","Saint Louis, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
64,Lead Data Engineer,"$60k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


As a Lead Data Engineer, you will be responsible for leading significant role-specific project work as a part of a larger cross-functional team in support of one or more major analytics technology tools. Lead Data Engineers typically leverage and implement pre-defined analytics infrastructure on projects of moderate technical complexity, focusing on developing solutions to data modeling and/or analytics technology needs. They must be able to quickly develop mastery of the needed subject across a specific line of business for which they are responsible. Our Lead Data Engineers typically work with some latitude for action or decisions on specific projects, solutions, or technical issues. They may represent EA in internal conversations and may assist with the selection or oversight of outside vendor partners. Successful candidates for this role must have strong technology and data analysis skills, a solid understanding of database technology and data use within analytic platforms, and they must have strong programming skills with SQL and/or Python. We expect Lead Data Engineers to have the capacity for fluency and competency in both the technology language of IT and the analyst language of departmental analysts. They will need to be fast learners with a keen eye for detail, systems thinking, and process design. They must be team players who work steadfastly to create impactful change.

Responsibilities
Works with business stakeholders and IT to translate business logic into scalable data and analytic solutions.
Develops ETL pipelines within Tableau/ThoughtSpot/Alteryx for general business consumption, typically leveraging existing patterns as available for specific project execution and building pipelines with scalability in mind.
Implements tool, data, and analytics best practices for specific project execution and advises COPA on such best practices.
Leverages tools efficiently, understanding both Tableau and Alteryx performance (including server) and cloud compute performance requirements and expectations.
Leverages cloud compute resources efficiently.
Owns and is accountable for data model and code quality and any relevant documentation.
Implements data governance and master data management principles across specific project execution.
Performs ad-hoc analysis as necessary to support specific project work.
Drives projects to success and enables others to own the impact.
Minimum Qualifications
Has strong analytical and data modeling skills
Has a solid understanding of database technology
Has experience with AWS or similar
Is familiar with distributed compute
Has a solid understanding of analytic platform data use
Has strong programming skills in SQL and/or Python
Has the skill to partner with cross-functional teams using strong written and verbal communication
Fast learner and proven problem solver
Keen eye for system thinking and process design, especially with respect to scalability and automation
Keen eye for detail and thoughtful investigation of data
Has a steadfast focus on creating impactful change
Preferred Qualifications
Has some experience using the AWS big data technology stack
Has moderate experience with Alteryx or similar ETL platforms
Has moderate experience with Tableau or similar data visualization tools
Has some experience implementing data governance principles
Minimum Years of Experience
3
Travel Requirements
10%
Required Level of Education
Bachelor's Degree
Preferred Level of Education
Masters Degree
Major/Concentration
MIS, Decision Sciences, Engineering, Business Analytics, Computer Science or other similar fields",3.9,"Chick-fil-A
3.9","Atlanta, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1946,Company - Private,Fast-Food & Quick-Service Restaurants,"Restaurants, Bars & Food Services",$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
65,Data Engineer III,"$57k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","OUTGROWN YOUR OWN BACKYARD? COME PLAY IN OURS.

At Columbia, were as passionate about the outdoors as you are. And while our gear is available worldwide, were proud to be based in the Pacific Northwest, where natural wonders are our playground.

Every product we make and every task we undertake is inspired by the famous words of our founder Gert Boyle: Its perfect. Now make it better. As pioneers of relentless improvement, we are constantly evolving.

We believe the outdoors is ours to protect and strive to keep our planet healthy.

We believe in empowering people to experience the outdoors to the fullest.

And we believe in you.

ABOUT THE POSITION

Although we're an apparel and footwear focused company, technology is central to everything we do. Columbia Sportswears Global Information Services (GIS) teams enable an IT infrastructure across four global brands, a global supply chain, and 500+ geographically dispersed stores. These teams support in-store, mobile, and data platforms to enhance customer interface and service in an ever-evolving industry.

The Data Engineer is a member of the Enterprise Information Management team and is responsible for the design, development, testing, maintenance, and support of Columbias enterprise data assets. The Data Engineer will provide technical design, development and analytical support for Columbia Enterprise initiatives.

HOW YOULL MAKE A DIFFERENCE
Lead activities that include: data modeling (relational and dimensional), data lake & data warehouse development, data integration / ETL process development, and support.
Continuously deliver and improve prioritized enterprise data assets that enable the growth of Columbias global analytics, reporting and visualization solutions.
Coordinate frequently with several enterprise support organizations and Columbia end users.
Manage scheduling, support, tools and maintenance of integration processes.
Identify project risks and impediments, notify management, and proactively work with other members of the team to complete assigned tasks as defined by project scope, timelines, and budgets.
Identify data quality issues and support Columbias data governance initiative by participating in necessary activities including data profiling.
Participate in the use of Agile practices to elicit and refine requirements through an iterative process of planning, defining acceptance criteria, prioritizing, developing and delivering enterprise data asset solutions.
YOU ARE
An expert in data design & development and have a deep understanding of complex organizational analytical and data needs that enable improvements in environment design, efficiency, controls and the overall user experience of enterprise data assets
A strong communicator that has an ability to work with all levels of the organization to advance Columbias vision for information management and analytics
Highly conversant in the culture and changing landscape of information technology
Curious and creative, always looking to deliver a superior product while working closely with a small scrum team
YOU HAVE
A Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or a related field or a combination of education and experience
3+ years of hands-on experience architecting, developing and/or managing the implementation of Business Intelligence solutions and 2+ years professional experience with one or more ETL tools such as Informatica, SQL Server Integration Services, Business Objects Data Services, or Spark
Experience in SQL and query optimization for data platforms such as Azure SQL DW, HDInsight, Teradata, SAP HANA, Oracle, or equivalent required. Experience with Microsoft Azure BI Stack: Azure Data factory, Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Data Warehouse is a bonus
Proficient in relational database concepts, including normalization, indexing, physical and logical modeling, creation of SQL queries and performance tuning.
Familiar with the Kimball and/or Inmon methods of data warehousing techniques, standards and best practices. Experience with management of a star schema implementation and related concepts such as slowly changing and late arriving dimensions
Familiar with Data Lake and Spark concepts and have some hands-on experience working with Spark DataFrames, pySpark preferred. Experience with large scale data processing, data structure optimization and scalability of algorithms a plus
#LI-JD1

Columbia Sportswear Company and our portfolio of brands, including Columbia, SOREL, Mountain Hardwear and prAna, know a thing or two about adventures. After all, we've been on one since 1938, working to perfect the art of enjoying the outdoors. Behind everything we make is an employee who's found that the greatest adventure starts with joining a company that strives to do the right thing.

This job description is not meant to be an all-inclusive list of duties and responsibilities, but constitutes a general definition of the position's scope and function in the company.

At Columbia Sportswear Company (CSC), we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. CSC believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.",3.7,"Columbia Sportswear
3.7","Portland, OR",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1938,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
66,Data Engineer,"$88k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Maxar is seeking a Data Engineer to join our team. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Data Engineers with analytic teams to create dynamic and flexible data storage solutions that can be queried in a wide variety of ways.

Life with Us

Project:
Were collecting and aggregating feature data from many different sources in order to model a spatial distribution. We use Apache NiFi and need a skilled developer to create and monitor inputs and implement streaming data enrichments for our analytic workflows.
The team is currently well-sorted with regards to geospatial tools and techniques, but to round out the team properly we need someone to help accelerate our backend development timelines.

Career:
Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.
Dedicated professional development time; conference attendance; corporate partner and industry training; peer groups; paid certifications; education reimbursement; student loan forgiveness; hackathons! And much more

Day-to-day with your colleague:
Youll be developing data pipelines and analytic enhancements. These transformations are used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:
Encouraging further analytic exploration.
Structuring data for use by multiple applications.
Enabling potential in the workforce that is otherwise stifled by imperfect technologies.
We work in very Lean Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum. Weve eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it!

Responsibilities:

Meet with the customer to understand and refine the requirements.
Use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations.
Understand the workflow of the project.
Work with the customer to implement any requested updates.
Move data storage to RDS.
Work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant.
Compile security controls and artifacts.
Contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a U.S. Citizen and have a TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.
Bachelor's degree in Geography or related field.
5 years of relevant, professional experience.
Experience automating workflows using Python Experience with SQL and/or PostgreSQL/PostGIS.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality Ability to communicate analysis to experts and laypersons alike.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS or willingness to learn.
Experience using Python with spatial data.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
67,Data Engineer,"$61k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Why consider OPI, and why do people dig working here?
Variety of consulting; new technologies, projects, and people on a regular basis.
Stability; we’ve been around since 1996 and have a diverse mix of clients and technologies to keep us busy, very busy. And we keep a bench. If you’re not on a project, you’re writing software for our internal business functions or you’re learning new technologies. It’s in our benefit to make our consultants as marketable as possible. That’s good for your career.
No politics or management; we don’t get in the way. Why sit in meetings all day when you can code and be productive?
Awesome benefits; free healthcare for your entire family (yes, free), 24 days of PTO + 10 days of sick time, quarterly profit sharing bonuses, you get paid OT, company trips (to Mexico), 3 company lake cabins/homes, various quarterly company events, new Macbook Pro’s, free beer/soda, chips, candy, and so much more.
You work with the best. Do an Object Partners search on LinkedIn and see the types of talent we hire. You truly get to work with intelligent, passionate engineers that share the same goal of building great software the right way.
Low company overhead. It all means more money back into our consultants pockets (profit sharing) or company trips and events to share in the financial success.

Qualifications

Architecture and design of highly available/scalable distributed systems.
Design and development of streaming data platforms using Kafka Streams, Spark, Flink, Storm, Beam or Cloud Dataflow.
Experience with functional/event-driven programming.
NoSQL technologies such as ElasticSearch or Cassandra.
Messaging technologies such as RabbitMQ, Kafka or Kinesis.
SQL on Hadoop technologies such as Hive, Impala or Presto.
Cloud services such as AWS, Azure, GCP or OpenStack.
JVM languages such as Java, Groovy, Kotlin or Scala.
Service frameworks such as Spring Boot, Ratpack, Vert.x, or Play.
Knowledge of data analytics, visualization and governance.
Knowledge of operating big data production solutions at scale.
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps culture.
Passion for software development. Someone that loves what they do, that aren’t just in it for a paycheck. Do you have dev projects going on at home at all times?
New projects, new teams, new technologies means having to adjust and learn all the time. You might get thrown on a DevOps project as well, so having the ability to jump in and get your feet wet without hesitation is important. If you don’t want to grow and learn, we’re not a fit.
Positive, can-do attitude. We can teach the technology, but we can’t teach how to approach client challenges with a positive, helpful demeanor. The best consultants aren’t the most technical (although that sure helps), it’s the consultant that will do whatever it takes to see a client be successful, no matter what they throw at you.",4.8,"Object Partners
4.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
68,Data Analyst,"$48k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description/Responsibilities


Position Summary:Nutrisystem is seeking a Marketing Data Analyst to join its growing Analytics community. This role will develop, manage, and deliver analytical solutions to solve complex business challenges. The Marketing Data Analyst will closely interact with online and offline Marketing, Product Development, Call Center Sales, Retail and Finance to influence key business decisions through fact-driven insights. The ideal candidate will possess excellent analytical and communication skills and have a history of thriving in fast- paced business environments.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

• Develop queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform and prepare data for analysis, ad-hoc and automated reporting and modeling. Create visualizations for variety of projects.

• Support ad-hoc analysis, discussions and conclusions around the efficacy of marketing channels to drive revenue per customer, length of stay and lifetime value.

• Analyze data to describe customer behavior and preferences, understand marketing channel effectiveness, diagnose customer experience problems, size marketing opportunity and measure the impact of marketing initiatives.

• Prepare and deliver insight presentations and recommendations. Communicates complex material in digestible terms appropriate for each audience. Educate company executives and the broader marketing team on analytical findings and implications using storytelling and data visualization techniques.

• Design analytic plans, translating business problems/opportunities into analytic approaches. Engage with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand each business question. Probe for hidden questions and goals. Bring structure to each request and translate requirements into the appropriate analytic approach.

• Participate in special projects and performs other duties as required.

Qualifications


• Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, Information Technology, Computer Science or other quantitative field required. Master’s degree preferred.• Must have minimum of five (5) years of experience working in an analytical role with a history of taking on additional responsibilities with data analysis, measurement reporting

• Must have five (5) years of experience with SQL programming

• Must have minimum of three (3) years of experience working with relational databases and associated data query tools. Experience with cloud databases a plus (e.g. AWS Redshift, Google BigQuery, Snowflake).

• Must have proficiency in data visualization and report writing technologies using at least one of the following Business Intelligence tools Tableau, Power BI, QLIK or SAS. Knowledge of Looker preferred.

• Domain experience in marketing analytics: customer acquisition, digital marketing, response modeling, identifying customer needs, predicting customer behavior, next best offer, churn, customer lifetime value preferred

• Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy

• Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience presenting to senior executives distilling complex concepts into actionable recommendations

• Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including pivot tables, data manipulation and analysis

• Ability to work in a team-oriented environment.

About Tivity Health:

Tivity Health® (Nasdaq: TVTY) is a leading provider of healthy life-changing solutions, including SilverSneakers®, Nutrisystem®, Prime® Fitness, Wisely Well™, South Beach Diet® and WholeHealth Living®. We are actively addressing the social determinants of health, defined as the conditions in which we work, live and play. From improving health outcomes to reversing the narrative on inactivity, food insecurity, social isolation and loneliness, we are making a difference and are transforming the way we do health. Learn more at TivityHealth.com.

Tivity Health is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a proactive program of diversity development. Tivity Health will continue to recruit, hire, train, and promote into all job levels without regard to race, religion, gender, marital status, familial status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or veteran status.",3.1,"Tivity Health
3.1","Fort Washington, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1981,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
69,Software Engineer SME (Active TS SCI with Polygraph),-1,"Volume Integration, LLC partners with our customers to deliver leading edge ""Big Data"" analytics solutions.

By leveraging our teams' extensive experience in cloud capabilities and emerging technologies, we design and deploy custom solutions to unique and evolving challenges. Volume employees and their families are our number one priority, while also ensuring our customer's mission and success remain the primary focus and objective.

If you are a motivated individual willing to tackle challenging, and interesting problems in cyber security, big data, and machine learning, come be a part of our dynamic team!

Job Description

Are you looking to be a key member of a small team with big mission impact? Do you enjoy solving challenging problems to turn data into information at scale? Volume Integration is seeking a highly motivated, self-directed professional to fill the role of Software Engineer SME. This position will be joining our team based in the Tysons Corner, VA area. The ideal candidate should have expertise managing data workflows, pipelines, and ETL processes as well as developing RESTful APIs that can interact with front-end applications.

Qualifications
• 10+ years of hands on Java development experience: Experience with using Java to ETL data.
• Demonstrable experience building RESTful services with Java
• Demonstrable experience developing applications for search with Solr / Elastic
• Knowledge of build tools, for example: Maven or Gradle
• Experience with ETL: data formats like XML, JSON and Apache Avro
• Understanding relational databases: Experience with writing SQL for MySQL or Oracle
• Experience with C2S/AWS
• Understands fundamentals such as: S3, including knowledge of bucket policies,VPC configuration, Security group configuration, EC2 setup and configuration.
• Understanding of REST services and HTTP
• Active TS SCI with Polygraph clearance

Desired Qualifications

• Developing middle tier software using Spring Boot
• Experience with Kafka or other queuing services
• Experience with event-based processing
• Experience with Amazon AWS Java API
• Experience with writing web applications
• Experience with EMR

Clearance
Active TS SCI with Polygraph

Location:
Tysons Corner, VA

Many Volume positions require an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Volume Integration, LLC. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.",4.4,"Volume Integration, LLC
4.4","Tysons Corner, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
70,Lead Data Engineer,"$83k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lead Data Engineer

As a data engineer in Zipcar’s data engineering team, your mission is to build real-time and offline solutions to make data accessible and reliable while leveraging the largest-scale data processing technologies in the world -- and then apply them to the Zipcar's most critical and fundamental data problems.

What you will do:
Build and own mission critical data pipelines that power Zipcar’s business
Develop solutions in bleeding-edge data technologies on AWS eco-system
Partner with architects and data analysts to make the best technology decisions
Create and maintain data models, data catalogs, and data security
Mentor team members and assist them in developing, testing and deploying software
What you’ll love about being a Zipster in Engineering:
You’ll get to come to work every day knowing that you’re contributing to the success of the world’s leading car sharing network
You'll be joining a collaborative, diverse, passionate team of Zipsters
You’ll get to work in a flexible work environment that is innovative and resourceful
At Zipcar, we encourage new tools and ideas- your opinion always matters!
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer scienceor related field
5+years’ experiencewith data engineering or data warehousing, or an equivalent data-oriented software engineering background
5+ years’ experience with SQL, optimizing queries and tuning database performance
3+years’ experiencewith key AWS technologies (Redshift, S3, IAM;alsoKinesis, Lambda, EMR, Spark, Hive)
3+years’ experiencewith ETL technologies (e.g. Talend, Informatica,Matillion)
4+years’ experiencewith Java, Python,Scalaand other programming languages
Experience withdbtand Airflow a strong plus
Familiarity with data analysis and data science tools (Looker,Jupyter, R) is a plus
Who are we?

Glad you asked! Zipcar is the world’s leading car-sharing network, found in urban areas and university campuses in more than 500 cities and towns. Our team is smart, creative and fun, and we’re driven by a mission – to enable simple and responsible urban living.

Being a Zipcar member gives you easy access to a car nearby without all the cost and hassle of owning one. Founded in 2000, Zipcar disrupted – or innovated – the traditional model of car ownership and independent studies show that Zipcar’s model of car sharing is proven to reduce vehicle ownership, freeing up more city space for people. Zipcar provides members with socially responsible, sustainable mobility options that support the global environment, their communities and city livability.

Zipcar is a subsidiary of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: CAR), a leading global provider of mobility solutions. For more information, visit: www.zipcar.com.

The extra mile:

We encourage Zipsters to bring their whole selves to work - unique perspectives, personal experiences, backgrounds, and however they identify. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer – M/F/D/V.",3.1,"Zipcar
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Car Rental,Travel & Tourism,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
71,Software Engineer,-1,"Role Description

Work in an exciting challenging environment to develop and maintain software for hardware control. In this role you will work with Scientists and Systems Engineers to gather requirements and implement code. It is exciting to see your code interacting with hardware (robots, vision systems, sensors and gauges) and data to produce results via complex algorithms.
Job Description:
The software engineer will cover the entire technology stack that is necessary to create .Net applications and modules. The application on which you will be working involves multiple processes(exes) with communication via WCF. A successful candidate should have experience in developing and/or maintaining applications interfacing/interacting with various instrument/tool hardware components.

Key Responsibilities:
• Develop new features for hardware control which may include low level application code, domain application logic and/or UI code.
• Debug existing source code and fix bugs as needed.
• Work independently and collaboratively as needed.
• Take ownership of assigned tasks and finish in a timely manner
• Continuously learn and improve skills.
• Attention to detail is essential and all tasks must be carried out to the highest standard

Requirements

Qualifications
• Self-starter and quick learner of new technologies and processes
• Strong communication and problem-solving skills – possess the ability to translate business requirements into application code
• Ability to take ownership of the complete software development cycle from requirements gathering to design to implementation
• Team player who will work in a collaborative environment with users and the engineering team
• Passionate about well-designed software that is modifiable, efficient, reliable and meets coding standards",3.9,"Nova Measuring
3.9",United States,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1993,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
72,Senior Software Engineer,-1,"We help protect our customers against life’s uncertainties. Regardless of where you work within the company, you’ll be helping provide protection and peace of mind when our customers need it most.

Whether it’s in accounting, claims, IT, investments, legal, marketing, sales, or another department, come be part of a company where you can accomplish your goals while contributing to our social mission of becoming America’s most protective insurance company.

Protective is searching for a Senior Software Engineer to join the New Business Life Systems team of the IT department in our Birmingham, AL corporate headquarters. This team is responsible for the enhancements, maintenance, and support of the New Business & Underwriting systems.

IND123
Responsibilities
The Software Engineer is responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining, and supporting software systems.
Works closely with business analysts and customers to gather requirements in order to ensure the customer’s business needs and expectations are met in a timely and cost-effective manner.
Diagnoses, isolates and debugs software problems and provides resolution.
Prepares and modifies technical documentation.
Researches, evaluates and recommends new development tools and applications as appropriate.
Responsibilities include managing work within a project.
Qualifications
7+ years .NET development experience
Experience in SQL database development
Typically, post-secondary degree, preferably in Management Information Services, Computer Science or Math related field may substitute for work and/or technical experience
Proven experience in all aspects of the software development process
Must have strong data analysis and data manipulation skills
Must be able to manage multiple, changing priorities, resolve conflicts
Must be self-motivated, able to work independently and willing to self-teach and take responsibility for ongoing professional development
Requires oral and written communication skills sufficient to communicate clearly with peers and customers
Comfortable working with multiple programming languages and database environments
Ability to perform reviews of other developers’ code and provide sign off and or constructive feedback
Experience in agile methodologies is a plus
Understanding and/or experience with test driven development is a plus
Experience with C#, Visual Studio, Webservices (RESTful, WCF and SOAP), ASP.Net MVC 5+ and SQL Server 2008+
Strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Ability to build dynamic user interfaces from scratch based on mockups and detailed requirements
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with Angular, React, or similar JavaScript libraries
Experience with Bootstrap or similar CSS frameworks
Knowledge of responsive design principles
Experience with Distributed and Asynchronous Design and Development
At Protective, we are committed to providing an inclusive culture where all employees fully contribute and thrive. We have always been a values-driven culture. Doing the right thing and serving people are part of our DNA, and we believe that valuing and embracing different backgrounds and perspectives is what makes us unique.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to being inclusive and attracting, retaining, and growing the talents of a diverse and inclusive workforce.",3.6,"Protective Life Corporation
3.6",Alabama,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1907,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
73,Chief Maintenance Engineer,-1,"Job Description

The Chief Engineer is responsible for performing routine maintenance operations for our Retail Stores, Restaurant, and other businesses. Traveling to our stores with advance notice in multiple states on the east coast. Some over-night trips.

Performance of building operational tasks in one or more fields (e.g. carpentry; electrical; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) and Refrigeration; plumbing, etc.); Perform general cleaning. Perform other tasks as assigned. If you’re a Jack of all Trades and looking for an opportunity that is versatile, then this is the job for you! We are looking for someone who can follow direction with minimal supervision and has experience in maintenance and custodial duties!

Essential Functions

Perform diversified duties to install and maintain facilities.
Provide emergency/unscheduled repairs to facilities and scheduled maintenance repairs of facilities.
Perform service repair duties and responsibilities.
Perform service skills including, but not limited to, carpentry, plumbing, electrical, troubleshooting and repair of facilities.
Diagnose problems, replace or repair parts, test, and make adjustments.
Perform a variety of electrical, plumbing, carpentry maintenance functions.
Repair leaky faucets, toilets, dispensers, and snake clogged plumbing when necessary.
Wall cleaning, painting, plaster, and drywall when necessary.
Repair and replace doors and windows when necessary.
Minimum electrical work, depending on experience.
Operate and maintain a variety of mechanical tools and equipment such as power saws, power sanders, drills, air compressors, paint sprayers, and various hand tools required for carpentry, plumbing, and maintenance skills.
Supervises maintenance operations for the center, including but not limited to refrigeration, heating, plumbing, water treatment, preventative maintenance, front and back of house spaces, A/C units, ice machines, lighting, kitchen equipment, emergency generators, water softeners, switch rooms, roof exhausts, electrical substations, fire and life safety systems, and other systems and equipment owned, leased or managed by the Hotel.
Detect faulty operations, defective material and report those and any unusual situations to proper supervision.
Comply with safety regulations and maintain clean and orderly work areas.
Obtains bids and contracts for all items placed under a maintenance agreement as well as landscaping and snow removal contracts.
Develops and maintains an ongoing maintenance program for guestrooms, meeting rooms, public space back of the house spaces, kitchens and all Hotel equipment.
Performs inventory and purchasing duties as required.
Maintains cleanliness of grounds and attractiveness of landscaping.
Acts as Administrator on Duty as required.

Qualifications

A high school diploma or GED
Five (5) years experience or an equivalent combination of experience and training that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Minimum Three (3) years of HVAC experience
Must have a valid Driver’s License.
Must be able to read and write at a level necessary for successful job performance.
Follows through with all tasks, assignments, and job duties in a timely manner.
Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with other management staff, employees, and the general public.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Excellent problem-solving skills.
Be available on nights, weekends and holidays.

Physical Demands: Lifting 50 lbs. maximum with frequent lifting and/or carrying of objects weighing up to 25 lbs. Requires walking or standing to a significant degree, reaching, handling, feeling, talking, hearing, seeing.

Environmental Conditions: Both: Inside and outside: A job is considered ""both"" if the activities occur inside or outside in approximately equal amounts, approximately 75% or more of the time inside.

Noise and Vibration: Sufficient noise, either constant or intermittent, to cause marked distraction or possible injury to the sense of hearing, and/or sufficient vibration (production of an oscillating movement or strain on the body or its extremities from repeated motion or shock) to cause bodily harm if endured day after day.

Temperature Changes: Variations in temperature which are sufficiently marked and abrupt to cause noticeable bodily reactions.

Math Skills: Requires mathematical development sufficient to be able to: Compute ratio and proportion and percentages. Calculate surface, volumes, weight and measures.

Language Skills: Must have developed language skills to the point to be able to: Read instructions, safety rules, etc. Write reports with proper format, punctuation, spelling and grammar, using all parts of speech. Speak with poise, voice control and confidence using correct English and well-modulated voice.

Relationships to Data, People and Things:

Data: Coordinating: Determining time, place, and sequence of operations or action to be taken on the basis of analysis of data; executing determination and/or reporting on events.

People: Supervising: Determining or interpreting work procedures for a group of workers, assigning specific duties to them, maintaining harmonious relations among them and promoting efficiency. A variety of responsibilities is involved in this function.

Things: Handling: Using body members, hand tools, and/or special devices to work, move, or carry objects or materials.

Specific Vocational Preparation: Specific Vocational Preparation includes an occupationally significant combination of: vocational education, apprentice training, in-plant training, on-the-job training, or essential experience in less responsible jobs which lead to the higher job or serving in other jobs. Over 2 years up to and including 4 years

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

#INDHP",-1,R Wireless Verizon Wireless Premium Retailer,"Moorestown, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
74,Data Warehouse Engineer,"$78k-$107k
(Glassdoor Est.)","53383

Are you data-driven? We at NetApp believe in the transformative power of data – to expand customer touchpoints, to foster greater innovation, and to optimize operations. We are designed for simplicity, optimized to protect, created to embrace future opportunity, and open to enrich choice. We are the data authority for hybrid cloud, and we are helping our customers realize the full potential of their data.

We’ve built a Data Fabric for a data-driven world – to simplify and integrate data management across the resources that are best for the business. With the Data Fabric, our customers can harness the power of cloud data services, build cloud infrastructures, and modernize storage through data management.
Job Summary
You will be part of Enterprise Data & Analytics team responsible for identifying analytical needs, exploring new technologies, and applying data sciences/machine learning concepts to maximize value from data assets. Senior Data Engineer will work closely with key stakeholders both IT and Business to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions. The individual must have an in-depth understanding of the business environment, an interest in going beyond the obvious, aptitude for new tools/technologies, and obsession for customer success.

Essential Functions
Organize, lead, and facilitate multiple teams on highly complex, cross-functional, enterprise data and analytics initiatives
Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines and build out new integrations to support continuing increases in demand for various types of data
Collaborate with business, solution/enterprise architects to translate business requirements into scalable solution options and provide input to Business Analytics and Master Data roadmap/strategy
Provide input to business requirements and prepares functional requirement document along with solution options
Collaborate with key stakeholders to define KPI and build data metrics to measure KPI’s
Partner with business in data analysis (small and big) and demonstrate good judgment in solving problems as well as proactively identifying and resolving data issues
Analyze data with new perspectives and creative approaches to less defined issues involving unstructured and ambiguous data
Explores enterprise data and discovers patterns, meaningful relationships, anomalies and trends to generate actionable insights
Design and Implement reconciliation processes and systems to monitor data quality to ensure data is accuracy, completeness, and that reconciles with source systems
Job Requirements
J Requirements
Must possess strong subject matter expertise in at least two domains of Sales, Marketing, Install Base, Finance, and Customer Support areas.
Demonstrated ability to have completed multiple, complex technical projects
Data modeling experience in Enterprise Data Warehouse and DataMart
Hands-on experience in SQL, Python, NoSQL, JSON, XML, SSL, RESTful APIs, and other related standards
Hands-on emphasis with a proven track record of building and evaluating data pipes, and delivering systems for final production
Must have strong data orientation and keen aptitude to explore innovative ways to analyze data
Exposure to Big Data Analytics (data and technologies), Data Sciences, predictive analytics, modelling, machine learning, in-memory applications
Experience with various data systems like Oracle Data Warehouse, SAP HANA, Hadoop/Hive, Vertica, Redshift, Presto, Mangodb
Experience in all phases of a Software Development Life Cycle. Well versed in different project life cycle management methodologies – Waterfall and Agile.
Strong understanding devops, on-premise, and cloud deployments - AWS, Google, Azure
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills
Education
A minimum of 7 years of experience is required, including 3+ years solid relevant experience in Business Analytics.
Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or Business, or related field is required

So get ready to tap into the data visionary within, and join us as we accelerate digital transformation and empower our customers to change the world with data!

If you ask a NetApp employee why they work here, the answer is inevitably the same: the people. At NetApp, our culture is at the heart of what we do. We place importance in trust, integrity, teamwork, and caring above all else. NetApp is a place where people are empowered to make a difference. Empowered to innovate. Empowered to collaborate. Empowered to help ourselves and others be data-driven and change the world. We take care of each other, our customers, our partners, and our communities simply because it’s the right thing to do.

We work hard but also recognize the importance of work-life balance for our employees because what’s important to them is important to us! Recently we implemented Family First, which encourages employees to take paid time off to bond with a new child (through birth or adoption) or to care for a family member with a serious health condition. Our volunteer time off program is best in class, offering employees 40 hours of paid time off per year to donate their time with their favorite organizations. We provide comprehensive medical, dental, wellness and vision plans for you and your family. We offer educational assistance, legal services, and access to discounts and fitness centers. We also offer financial savings programs to help you plan for your future.

Join us and see what empowerment can do.

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Vets/Disabled

Nearest Major Market: Durham
Nearest Secondary Market: Raleigh
Job Segment:
Data Warehouse, Database, Medical, ERP, Warehouse, Technology, Healthcare, Manufacturing

Apply now »",3.8,"NetApp
3.8","Research Triangle Park, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
75,Data Engineer,-1,"TubeScience is looking for a talented Data Engineer to join our thriving team in Downtown LA! This role is remote flexible based in LA or anywhere in the US.

Quick 'about us':

We're a data-driven video startup based in LA that's grown to become the largest producer of video ads on paid social in the 4 years since founding. Collectively, our videos account for ~5% of all paid video views on Facebook and Instagram in North America and reach 100-200 million people per day.

Our clients are among the largest advertisers on FB and Instagram, across a wide range of verticals (incl. fashion, beauty, food, fitness apps, healthcare apps, financial services), giving us unique visibility into what drives success at scale. We focus on profitable growth with clients and grow their investment by 80% on average.

What's atypical about the company:
We're fast and data-driven: our teams develop concepts in the morning, shoot/edit in the afternoon, launch in the evening, and iterate the next day based on real-world performance.
We're a behavioral R&D lab at the core: We put 2,000+ video experiments per week, watched by tens of millions of people per day, that give us deep insights into how people make decisions. Over the past couple years, we've built an enormous library of IP around human behavior and visual communication.
We work on a pure pay for performance basis. Zero production fees for video. Clients only pay us if our videos outperform anything they're running internally.
What You'll Do:
Work with Data / Data Warehouse Architect to develop data warehouse models, design specifications, metadata process and documentation. Develop detailed ETL specifications based on business requirements
Partner with business users, senior architects, product managers, engineering teams, and other teams to deliver a robust data services platform
Work across all phases of the software development lifecycle in a cross-functional, agile development team setting
Design and build ETL jobs in a managed AWS environment.
Perform SQL-based exploratory analysis using AWS RDS / Athena or similar
Building and maintaining our data pipelines
Data Cleansing
BI work
Qualifications:
Experience with AWS services including Data Pipeline, Glue, Athena, CloudFormation, etc.
Experience developing ELT pipelines using Snowflake, Terradata, Vertica, Redshift or similar data warehousing technologies
Experience of the AWS data ecosystem (Glue, Kinesis, S3, Lambda, EMR, etc.)
Sharp, quick to understand
Willingness to dig deep enough to understand the root issue
We're a startup, willing to take on additional development activities if needed
ETL experience a must
Familiarity with AWS services
Experience with BI tools/applications
Strong initiative
Experience with Python/Java/C+/.net preferred
Benefits:
Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Flexible PTO
401k + Matching
Personal Coaching
Remote Flexibility
Creative Working Environment
Fully Stocked Kitchen
Paid Sick Leave
Annual Learning and Development Allotment
Doctor House Call On-Demand
Application Process:

Interested candidates should apply directly for consideration. Upon submitting your application, our hiring team will review your credentials and will notify you if you are selected to participate in the interview process. We appreciate your interest in TubeScience and kindly ask that you refrain from inquiries to our teams via LinkedIn. All questions regarding the status of your application can be directed to careers@tubescience.com .

No third party or agency submissions will be accepted

TubeScience is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please feel free to contact us at accomodations@tubescience.com.",3.9,"TubeScience
3.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
76,Bridge Engineer / Inspector,-1,"BRIDGE ENGINEER / INSPECTOR*
Van Cleef Engineering Associates/Cherry, Weber & Associates has an immediate opening for an entry-level Bridge Engineer/Inspector in our *Phillipsburg, NJ office*. This is a full-time, immediate opportunity. To be considered, a candidate should have the following:
Bachelor’s degree in Civil or Structural Engineering from an ABET accredited program;
1-3 years of experience, preferably with bridge inspections;
Valid Driver’s License;
Strong communication, data management and technical writing skills, both oral and written;
Proficiency in the use of computers for developing engineering calculations, spreadsheets, and report writing;
Attendance of Safety Inspection of In-Service Bridges (NHI Course 130053) a plus;
Experience with NJTA or NJDOT inspections a plus;
Proficiency with MicroStation a plus.
The candidate will perform beginning level bridge safety inspection work as a member of a bridge safety inspection team and assist higher level inspectors. May be required to perform manual labor such as climbing onto scaffolding and carrying/using ladders to access bridge structures. Candidate will also apply the their knowledge and abilities to assist with office work including general engineering, assisting in the design and detailing/drafting of bridge and highway elements, and preparation of bridge inspection reports.
Benefits: *
Van Cleef Engineering Associates/Cherry Weber offers group health insurance including medical coverage through Blue Cross / Blue Shield, dental and vision coverage. Additional benefits include 401(k) savings plan, paid holidays, vacation and sick days, life insurance, long term disability, voluntary long term care coverage, tuition reimbursement and a flexible spending plan. Salary is commensurate with experience.
Additional Information: *
All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation or sex. EOE.

No phone calls or recruiter or agency inquiries.

We thank all applicants; however, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.

Job Type: Full-time",4.5,"Van Cleef Engineering Associates / Cherry Weber & Associates
4.5","Phillipsburg, NJ",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
77,Sales Engineer,-1,"ETO GRUPPE, a global designer and manufacturer of electro-mechanical devices to the Automotive PC, Commercial vehicle, and Industrial hydraulic sectors, is currently seeking to hire a Sales Engineer for North America, supporting the US location ETO MAGNETIC CORP. in Grand Rapids and our *
Mexico location in San Luis Potosi. *
SCOPE AND RESPONSIBILITIES: *
Acquire new customers in the USMCA market for our products
Maintain customer relationships in a manner consistent with corporate objectives.
Lead Customer Service for assigned accounts.
Supporting all commercial contract pricing and relationships for ETO Grand
Rapids and San Luis Potosi.
Prepare quotations with product price calculations and coordinate cost calculations with Engineering and Purchasing.
Participate in benchmarking activities such as acquiring parts, disassembly, and BOM development.
Prepare specialized reports and sales forecasts from sales data.
Support RFQ and Change Control Request (CCR) systems.
Negotiate with customers on price adjustments or price justifications, as needed.
Participate in market research activities, preparing data, and related reports.
Align Sales and Marketing activities with ETO GRUPPE requirements.
Cooperate with ETO Management on global Sales and Marketing activities
DESIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE: *
Minimum of 3 years of sales and/or account management experience in automotive or similar industry, ideally in the Electro-Mechanical area with a good working network.
Prior account management and sales experience Electro-Mechanical assemblies would be a plus.
Strong communication skills (written and oral).
Strong organizational skills.
Computer Skills: Microsoft Office with a strong focus on Excel and proficient in PowerPoint, Word, MS Project and SAP
Language: Fluently English and Spanish skills are required, German a plus.
Additional: *
Manufacturing and technical experience within the automotive industry is a plus.
Capable of understanding engineering drawings and specifications.
Experience in cost calculations, price calculations, database, and ERP systems.
Preferred experience with electromechanical devices such as solenoids, motorized actuators, sensors, switches, etc.
EDUCATION REQUIRED: *College Degree BA or BS, preferably in Engineering.
OTHERS: *
The Engineering and Sales center for NA is in Grand Rapids, but the candidate has not to be necessarily located in this area. Ideally, locations are in OEM or Tier1 areas in the US or Mexico.

ETO Magnetic Corp. offers a competitive wage and excellent benefits package for our position – including medical, dental, vision insurance, flexible spending account,
401K match, opportunity, tuition reimbursement, and much more. We welcome to visit our website at http://www.etomagnetic.com. If you are reliable and have an excellent work ethic and are looking for a new opportunity to work with a stable, growing company, please e-mail your resume.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
To keep our employees as safe as possible, we perform daily temperature testing, face masks are provided, gloves, and hand sanitizer.

Experience:
Electro-Mechanical area: 3 years (Preferred)
prior Electro Mechancial assemblies would be a plus: 3 years (Preferred)
sales and/or account management automotive: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Language:
English and Spanish (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Paid Training:
No
Company's website:
http://www.etomagnetic.com.
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.0,"ETO Magnetic Corp
2.0","Grand Rapids, MI",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Unknown,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
78,Sr. Data Engineer,"$97k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team of Data Consultants and work on dynamic long-term projects. The majority of our team members are long-term employees who enjoy consistent work and a collaborative team approach!
Background in computer science and comfortable in programming in a variety of languages, including Java, Python, Scala;
Determining the appropriate software packages or modules to run, and how easily they can be modified;
Handling large scale structured and unstructured data from internal and third-party sources;
Architecting highly scalable distributed data pipelines using open source tools and big data technologies such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Presto, Spark, Drill, Sqoop and ETL frameworks;
Utilizing Linux shell scripting and containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes); and,
Leading teams in a dynamic work environment while managing stakeholder expectations and scope.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree, preferably in technology related disciplines.
Cloud computing platforms such as Azure, AWS, and GCP;
Relational databases and writing SQL queries, evaluating their performance
Strong experience with data processing software in Azure, AWS and GCP
Or Big data machine learning toolkits such as SparkML, messaging systems (Kafka) and NoSQL databases (Cassandra, HBase, MongoDB) desirable
Building data lakes and data pipelines that adhere to our engineering philosophy
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8","Indianapolis, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
79,ETL Developer,-1,"ETL Developer Northern, VA

Senior ETL Developer


Position Description

The ETL Developer will be responsible for the data warehouse design and ETL implementation. They will support and work with the technical lead/architect in producing quality deliverables on client engagements. The professional will need to perform various development activities with little oversight in order to implement a Data Warehouse solution to support customer reporting needs.

Requirements
Active SECRET Clearance
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science preferred
10+ years in Database Development, Design, Data Engineering, and Data Integration background with skills in
Oracle
PL/SQL
ETL Tools (any tool like Informatica or Talend)
Data Modeling / Dimensional Modeling
Shell Scripting
Handling data at scale
Operational & Maintenance (triage, troubleshoot, and resolve production issues)
Develop and Maintain required artifacts and documentation
Deep knowledge of data warehousing concepts, terminology, and architecture
LINUX/UNIX experience is highly desirable
Willingness to learn ANY new technology (Qlik, Big Data, AWS, etc.)
Excellent team player, adaptable, collaborative, and “can-do” attitude
Security+ certification (or willingness and ability to get certified within 30 days)
Certification in either Oracle, AWS, Talend, or another computing environment preferred
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Crystal City, VA

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: ETL Developer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
80,Software Development Engineer (Backend),"$71k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ABOUT 4C:

4C is building the leading self-service intelligence platform for marketers to drive business outcomes across closed ecosystems. Brands, agencies, and media owners around the world trust Scope by 4C™ to surface insights about their most valuable consumers and creatives, and activate them across channels and devices. With over $2 billion in annualized advertising spend running through Scope, 4C bridges linear television, streaming video, digital commerce, and social media. Founded in 2011 and based in Chicago, 4C has staff in the United States, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Singapore. Visit www.4Cinsights.com for more information.
ABOUT THE ROLE:

4C is looking for talented Software Development Engineers who are passionate about solving real problems and are excited about using the latest technology to do it.

As an engineer on the team, you will be responsible for helping craft the future of our offerings - from the database layers to the APIs that surface our data and functionality to our users. You will be working closely with people across engineering, product, and design to help develop an amazing experience for our agency & brand customers.

A little about our team: we are largely a fullstack team of experts in frontend, backend, product and design. We care deeply about our stack and tools, focusing on the best to get the job done. We've built a large Python Flask application that is supported by an array of smaller services, and are in the process of adding further robustness to our systems by doubling down on service based architecture. We integrate with a myriad of third-party APIs which require a rigorous attention to detail and creative solutions to ensure we handle all situations gracefully. Performance is incredibly important to us, as we often need to quickly surface large data sets to our users. We are a team that values continuous learning, curiosity, clear communication, deep self-motivation, and are committed to building an inclusive environment for everyone.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Build, test and ship well-engineered features and enhancements
Design, support, maintain and upgrade highly performant and tested APIs and internal services using tools like Python, Celery, Kubernetes, MySQL, Mongo and Redis
Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our systems
Work with other engineers, product mangers, designers and leadership to turn our vision into a concrete roadmap every quarter
REQUIREMENTS:
At least 3+ years of experience in software engineering with strong computer science fundamentals
You've architected, built, scaled and maintained production services
You write high quality, well-tested code to meet the needs of your users
You're passionate about building technology at scale and solving challenges for your customers in creative and innovative ways
You've significant experience working with both relational and non-relational databases
Experience with large-scale, distributed systems
Remote opportunities available


WE OFFER:
We offer a challenging job in a dynamic international environment. At 4C you have the opportunity to make an impact. We are proud of our open and informal culture. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including Health, Dental, Life Insurance, Matching 401K, Unlimited Vacation and Maternity and Paternity Leave. The salary will be commensurate with experience.",4.4,"4C Insights
4.4","Chicago, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
81,Data Warehouse Engineer,-1,"AE Business Solutions is seeking a *Sr.* *Data Warehouse Engineer*! This is a fantastic opportunity for a *Sr. Data Warehouse Engineer* with 8+ years of well-rounded data warehousing/engineering experience, Tableau expertise and an ability to act at the *Team Lead/Mentor* for the group.

\*\*\*We are seeking candidates in the local Madison, WI market only.
What you’ll do: *
Act as a technical leader when it comes to BI/Tableau dashboarding projects
Develop and implement standards and best practices when it comes to Tableau software
Gathering and documenting user requirements
Accept responsibility for the deliverables of the group
Design efficient visualizations
Continuously improve performance and tuning to ensure the security of data
What you’ll bring: *
6+ years of overall data warehouse experience
Knowledge and understanding of PeopleSoft Financials
Strong knowledge and experience with Oracle, DB2 and SQL Server
Experience working with data warehouses and dimensional data models as a data source for the development of dashboards
Tableau and SQL development experience
Familiarity with dimensional data modeling/star schemas
Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $43.00 - $58.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Oracle: 6 years (Preferred)
dashboard development: 5 years (Preferred)
Team Lead: 2 years (Preferred)
SQL Server: 6 years (Preferred)
Tableau: 6 years (Preferred)
Location:
Madison, WI (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Full Time Opportunity:
No
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.aebs.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.5,"AE Business Solutions
3.5","Madison, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1949,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
82,Senior Android Engineer,"$63k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are

WillowTree is an award-winning digital product agency driven by innovation and grounded in strategy and user-centered design. We create long-term partnerships with the world's leading brands to design and build digital flagship products crucial to their core business. We are one of the largest independent digital firms in the US. Some of our clients include HBO, National Geographic, Anheuser-Busch, and PepsiCo.

The Opportunity

As a Senior Software Engineer at WillowTree, you'll have the opportunity to impact teammates throughout various stages of their careers. You'll have clear oversight of how engineering runs day-to-day and will influence project outcomes.

We understand our responsibility to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive place within the tech industry, while pushing to make our industry more representative. Because of this responsibility, we need candidates who value diversity and inclusion through their work, team collaboration, or mentorship. So in your cover letter, we encourage you to reflect on diversity, equity, and inclusion.
This is not a remote position and may require some travel. Currently, all team members are working from home until our offices reopen.
Responsibilities
Lead the delivery of large and complex software projects from beginning to end in a team-based environment
Confidently deliver high-quality software by applying critical thinking to products, requirements, and processes
Work closely with clients to influence technical product decisions and business goals
You'll stay up to date with the landscape of software engineering best practices, tools, and frameworks
Understanding of various software architectures and can adapt and compose solutions to unique problems with sustainable and reusable solutions
Mentor a larger team towards shared goals and outcomes
Navigate difficult conversations by providing constructive feedback to teams and clients
You'll identify obstacles to ensure quality, improve our user experience and how we build software
Self-aware of limitations, yet curious to learn new solutions and receptive to constructive feedback from teammates
You'll guide your team to understand and work through changing priorities by bringing positive energy
Communicate and simplify complex problems in order to foster understanding across multidisciplinary teams
Apply your knowledge and learnings at an organizational scale
You'll travel onsite to meet with our clients about one week per month
Qualifications
You've built and deployed complex software at scale involving at least one of our core technologies (iOS, Android, Web Apps, API Engineering)
You understand unit testing, when to apply design patterns, and how to use tools like profilers
Significant expertise with ORM/SQLite, understanding of versioning and migrations
Experience with CoordinatorLayout
Knowledge of layout pass implications and performance
Experience managing multiple themes and styles across an application
Grasp of resource buckets for defining locale and device specific layouts and resources
Ability to account for accessibility services like TalkBack (focusability, content descriptions, accessibility delegates, etc.)
Understanding of how to avoid data races, experience with shared memory between threads, and knowledge of when to use concurrent collections
You've owned and led the delivery of major features and components
You've worked with clients and stakeholders (consulting experience, ability to have difficult conversations or solve and advocate for best practices)
Empathetic to client needs and desire to contribute sound recommendations on technical architecture and design
Leadership or mentorship experience
Can present complex ideas to clients and team members in a compelling and energetic way
Proficiency using, modifying, and creating development tools that foster efficiency and improve process
Business acumen - you consider 'big picture' perspectives and can successfully balance business goals and technical constraints
Bonus Points
You've conducted interviews and have hired for your team
Expertise with advanced automation tools (e.g. virtualization, machine learning-based testing, massive parallelization)
Basic understanding of how to design RESTful APIs that are optimized for responsive, interactive mobile experiences
Appreciation of pixel-perfect UI implementations
Experience with a build tool (e.g. Jenkins, TeamCity, CircleCI, Travis CI, etc)
Knowledge of risks identified in OWASP Secure Coding Practices
Understanding of appropriate licensing for 3rd party libraries
A list of emerging technologies we're interested in: Big Data, Machine Learning, Voice, AR/VR, Security Background, and IoT
You have code samples or a GitHub account to share and while you're there, check us out!

Even if you don't have expertise in all of the qualifications listed, we value new perspectives and backgrounds and encourage you to apply. We're committed to building a diverse company that reflects the diversity of our users. We're committed to growth-mindset.

Why WillowTree?

We offer a place to be yourself.

Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. That's why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. You'll work hard here; however, we'll balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. We're committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.

We want you to reach your fullest potential and part of your professional development at WillowTree will include dedicated time to innovate on passion projects and an annual stipend to fund your professional pursuits.

WillowTree celebrates our differences and provides equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that it's important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.",4.9,"WillowTree
4.9","Columbus, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
83,Software Engineer,"$40k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are seeking a self-motivated and enthusiastic Software Engineer to join our Enthusiast Software team. You will create innovative solutions to deliver vehicle calibration and datalogging software as well as internal tools to our customers and fellow engineers. You'll be responsible for a wide variety of tasks including design, implementation and operation of desktop applications and scalable backend services.

Responsibilities:
Enable our product team to tap into valuable data sources and build incredible features for our customers
Actively participate in all projects and work together to build high-quality solutions
Collaborate with other teams to create shared understanding of interface contracts
Provide constructive feedback on pull requests to increase code quality
Present ideas in the form of brown bags to all engineers to help shape our technical landscape
Qualifications:
5+ years experience with .NET/C# or equivalent tech stack
Experience building high-quality desktop applications (WPF and Windows Forms preferred, custom control experience a bonus)
Experience with relational and NoSQL databases
Experience deploying and maintaining applications in a public cloud, including automated build/release and DevOps
Experience with REST, RPC, JSON, gRPC, GraphQL and other typical service interfaces/paradigms
Experience with Agile development methodologies
Azure experience is a bonus",3.5,"Derive Systems
3.5","Sanford, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
84,Data Engineer,-1,"About Us

Mindoula is a next-generation behavioral health management company that delivers tech-enabled, team-based 24/7/365 behavioral health support across the continuum of care. We are building the best population health management and analytics platform by using the latest technologies in big data and data science. Also, we are developing a comprehensive platform to address the needs of pre and post hospital care for large populations.

We are currently seeking to fill in multiple roles in technology and data to help build great technology helping Mindoula to grow faster.

About You

We are looking for a talented data engineer who is well versed with SQL, database optimization, data processing platforms & analytics.

Responsibilities:
Be part of the data team, collaborate with product and engineering teams in developing the data required to support the functionality and new features of our platforms.
Manage ingestion process of various input data sources (healthcare, claims data etc) and develop/maintain the common schema to store the healthcare information of members.
Manage tools and processes to process the data to derive key insights and analytics to power the intelligence of our platform.
Must be self-driven and a quick learner.
Requires strong problem-solving, analytical and communication skills.
Healthcare data experience is a plus.
Technologies:
Data Platforms: Spark, Python/Scala.
Strong SQL experience.
Databases: Postgres, Microsoft SQL Server
Hosting: Microsoft Azure
Tools: Github, CircleCI, CodeClimate
Requirements:
Minimum 3 years of experience in position
Healthcare experience with managing claims data
Compensation:
Competitive salary.
Generous benefits
This position is open to both as an employee or as a contractor/consultant.",3.8,"Mindoula Health Inc
3.8",Maryland,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
85,Software Engineer - TS/SCI Required,"$81k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Software Engineer at Synergist, you will work with a team of developers on a specific project critical to one of our customer’s needs. You'll be an active contributor on an Agile Software development team to deliver custom solutions to the customer. You will perform design, development, and testing activities related to assigned tasks and manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.

** Position Requires a Top Secret Clearance with a Full-Scope Polygraph**
Degree and Years of Experience
BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field of study and 4 years of experience software development/engineering, including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution; additional 4 years of experience may be substituted for the degree.
Responsibilities
Be an active contributor on an Agile Software development team to deliver custom solutions to the customer.
Perform design, development, and testing activities related to assigned tasks.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. Citizen.
Ability to collaborate across multiple teams and develop ideas, architectures and agreements to support the interfaces between products.
Software development experience in one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, Ruby.
Experience developing software within a Linux environment.
Experience working with any of the following: web/mobile application development, distributed systems, user interface development, big data analytics.
Excellent communication skills.
Passion for technology and the drive to learn new programming languages and frameworks.
Desired Qualifications:
We realize that we are about to enumerate a bunch of skills and experience here. Don’t worry if you don’t have all of these, but we’d like you to have touched some of these technologies or concepts or at least be familiar with them.
Experience with NoSQL technologies such as MongoDB, REDIS, Neo4J, etc.
Experience with Relational Databases such as MySQL, Oracle, POSTGres
Experience with developing RESTful Services using a framework such as Jersey, Spring MVC, CXF
Experience with an Enterprise Integration Framework such as Apache Camel, or Spring Integration
Experience with JMS to include messaging Frameworks such as Apache ActiveMQ or Apache Artemis.
Experience with Spring to include Spring Boot, Spring Data
Experience with the Java Persistence API through a persistence framework such as Hibernate, OpenJPA
Experience developing and deploying applications to Servlet containers such as Tomcat or Jetty or Application Servers such as Glassfish, JBoss, Weblogic
Experience developing Applications with NodeJS
Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as Ext-JS, AngularJS, Vue or React.
Experience with Javascript, Flex, JSP, HTML, CSS, SpringMVC, or equivalents for UI developers and Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Servlets or equivalents for Java developers
Experience developing web applications leveraging ES6 and component based packaging
Experience with Bootstrap framework.
Experience with JQuery
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce
Experience developing applications within utility clouds such as AWS, Rackspace, or Heroku
Experience wtth continuous integration tools such as Gitlab I or Jenkins

Know anyone who may also be interested in a position with us? Refer them and receive a substantial referral bonus! https://synergistcomputing.com/referral",5.0,"Synergist Computing
5.0","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
86,Big Data Engineer - Chicago - Future Opportunity,"$71k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ABOUT US

Are you ready to transform an industry? At Centro we are building a comprehensive tech platform that radically increases efficiencies and impact across businesses, teams, and campaigns. Our clients can run all their digital business through Basis, with robust business intelligence, workflow automation, search and social integrations, and the number one rated DSP.
We’re taking the digital advertising world by storm and are proud to be headquartered in the rapidly growing tech hub of Chicago, with offices that span across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and London. Join us in our mission to improve the lives of everyone working in the industry!
WHY WORK WITH US?
At Centro, we believe that lasting success is achieved through continual dedication to the growth and well-being of the individual. Our people are the core of what makes Centro unique. Driven by the Centro Manifesto and our guiding principles, we look to hire the best and brightest minds—curious, passionate learners who are driven to create impact.
We are committed to building a culture of highly motivated individuals who create a positive and supportive environment together. When we work hard, stay focused, and act in service to others, we believe that anything is possible. Come grow with us!

ABOUT THE TEAM

Technology is at the core of what we do. Centro’s innovative Engineering team designs and develops new features and integrations for Basis, our industry-leading, comprehensive software solution. Our platform processes over 300 billion events per day and uses AI and machine learning to automate and simplify the entire digital campaign process.

This team is all about data—and in order to create value from the massive amount of data we collect, engineering leverages their dynamic Data Engineering, Data Science, and Business Intelligence teams to create insights that benefit the industry as a whole.

Our Tech Stack:
• Ruby, Java, Python, and React.js
• Kubernetes, Docker, Kafka
• PostgreSQL, NoSQL
• AWS

Ways You’ll Contribute
We are looking for engineers who are excited about building distributed data pipelines. We want you to help us shape our internal and external brand-new data warehouses, leveraging the latest advances of big data processing: a combination of Kafka Streams, Hadoop, and traditional RDBMS. You will also contribute by:

Implementing scalable, fault tolerant and accurate ETL pipelines that work in a distributed Hadoop environment.
Developing platform services to operate the big data applications at scale.
Gathering and processing raw data at scale from diversified sources into Hadoop.
Building enterprise business analytics and reporting applications on Hadoop.

What You Bring to the Table
Solid understanding of distributed system fundamentals.
Experience in developing, troubleshooting, diagnosing, and performance tuning of distributed data pipelines at scale.
Demonstrated professional experience working with various components of Big Data ecosystem: Spark/Spark Streaming, Hive, Kafka/KSQL, Hadoop (or similar NoSQL ecosystem), et. al, in a production system.
Strong software engineering skills with Python.
Knowledge of some flavor of SQL (MySQL, Oracle, Hive, Impala), including the fundamentals of data modeling and performance.
Bonus Points
Skills in real-time streaming applications.
Knowledge of Scala.
A development workflow using Docker containers.
Compulsion for automating your day-to-day processes.
LIFE WITH CENTRO

We take care of our people. Our team has put together a thoughtful benefits package and provides a wide range of perks, including competitive 401k matching, a tax-free health savings account, tuition reimbursement, generous maternity/paternity leave, and more.

Aside from benefits, we’re always finding new ways to invest in the personal and professional growth our employees. We’re proud to support a variety of employee-led communities that enrich our culture of uniqueness, inclusivity, and empowerment. Centro is more than a workplace.

Centro is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and support an inclusive workplace diverse in thought, perspective and culture. We celebrate all team members regardless of gender/identity, sexual orientation, race or cultural background, religion, physical disability and age. We are better together.",3.9,"Centro
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
87,Data Engineer,"$108k-$199k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Grow your career at AppLovin.

AppLovin is a global leader in mobile entertainment. Its studios create popular, immersive mobile games and its technology brings games to more players around the world. Since 2012, the company's platform has been instrumental in driving the explosive growth of mobile games, resulting in a richer ecosystem and more games played by millions of people every day. AppLovin is headquartered in Palo Alto, California with several offices globally. Learn more at applovin.com.

AppLovin is one of Inc.'s Best Workplaces and a recipient of the 2019 Glassdoor Top CEO employee's choice award. The San Francisco Business Times awarded AppLovin one of the Bay Area's Best Places to Work in 2019 and 2020, and the Workplace Wellness Award in 2019 which recognizes businesses that are leaders in improving worker well-being.

About You:
Have 1-3 years of experience and a minimum of a BS and/or MS in Computer Science
Have excellent knowledge of computer science fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, and coding
Experience independently creating and maintaining projects
Product focused mindset
Have experience working with big data systems (Spark, Hadoop, Pig, Impala, Kafka)
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems
Experience with a backend language such as Java or Scala
About the Role:
Collaborate with various engineering teams to meet a wide range of technological challenges
Work closely with product and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools
Define company data models using Spark
Perks:
Free medical, dental, and vision insurance
Daily lunches and fully stocked kitchen
Free public transit
Free laundry service (wash/dry clean)
Free gym membership
401k matching
Fun company parties and events
Autonomy to make decisions in a rapidly growing company
Flexible Time Off - work hard and take time when you need it
Interested? Send us your resume and let's talk!

AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

#LI-JZ1",4.8,"AppLovin
4.8","Palo Alto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
88,Senior Cloud Engineer,-1,"Returning Candidate? Log back in to the Career Portal and click on 'Job Browsing/History' and find the job you're looking for.

2020-074-INT: Senior Cloud Engineer

Directorate Intelligence & Defense Solutions
Location Wright-Patterson AFB, OH
Riverside Research is seeking a full-time Senior Cloud Engineer to become part of a team providing Advisory and Assistance Services (A&AS) to the National Air and Space Intelligence Center (NASIC) at Wright-Patterson AFB, OH to assist them in designing, managing, and promoting modern IT capabilities. The Senior Cloud Engineer will focus on delivering scalable hybrid cloud-based enterprise solutions supporting intelligence analysis, automation, AI/ML, and DevSecOps activities.

All Riverside Research opportunities require U.S. Citizenship.

Job Responsibilities:
• Identify the best cloud solutions to successfully meet the strategic architecture needs of the organization
• Assess mission infrastructure and functions to determine best candidates for transition to a cloud-based solution
• Collaborate with multiple organizations with similar and diverging requirements on cloud architecture & strategy
• Evaluate new cloud technologies and makes substantiated recommendations for improvement
• Engineer, plan, and implement hybrid- & multi-cloud technical solutions that balance simplicity, standards, scalability, extensibility, supportability, security, cost, and integrity requirements
• Regularly evaluate existing cloud infrastructure to identify risks or opportunities for improvement
• Develop cross-domain solutions to manage the transfer of unclassified software and data to classified networks
• Support continuous integration/continuous testing/continuous delivery (CI/CT/CD) software development processes in a hybrid cloud environment
• Support prototyping & troubleshooting of complex systems spanning between on- and off-premises cloud environments
• Offer guidance in capability/service movement techniques, including bulk application transfers into the cloud
• Be part of an agile team to cross functional boundaries and mentor others on cloud services
• Support preparation and submission of accreditation packages to acquire an Authority to Operate (ATO)
• Ensure best practices for Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), & Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) cloud solutions
• Document engineering standards, proposals, and/or recommendations for system design, engineering changes, and configuration management relating to cloud infrastructure
• Prepare and present detailed roadmaps and plans to transition to the defined end-state cloud architecture; estimate cloud total cost of ownership (TCO) and potential return on investment (ROI)
• Assist in the development of required organizational processes and structure for cloud adoption & management
• Assist in the development and training of client personnel for adoption and management of cloud assets
• Other duties as assigned

Qualifications:
• Top Secret clearance with SCI adjudication
• Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, information technology, information systems, or related technical fields with at least two years of cloud design experience
• Minimum of 5+ years’ experience in systems engineering in a corporate / enterprise IT environment
• Minimum of 5+ years’ of experience designing, executing, managing, and supporting IT cloud solutions
• Minimum of 3+ years of experience w/ Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), or Google Cloud Platform
• Minimum of 3+ years of experience with project management
• Experience with cloud services; including open source technology, software development, system engineering, scripting languages, hybrid (on- and off-premises) and multiple cloud provider environments, integration services, logic apps, advanced cloud security, and compute and storage services
• Experience with developing, managing, or using DevSecOps environments
• Demonstrated experience making architectural decisions based on simplicity, standards, scalability, extensibility, supportability, sustainability, security, cost, and integrity
• Know several software tools and platforms, such as SQL, Kubernetes, Spark, Hadoop, Scala, Kafka, Redshift, Docker, and Linux
• Experience doing on- and off- premises cloud migrations
• Experience working with Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), & Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) based environments
• Experience with programming languages such as UNIX/LINUX Python, Ruby, Java, Java Script, PowerShell, Ansible, Terraform, or similar
• A self-starter, detail oriented, responsible team player able to administer several ongoing technical assignments at any one time; where some assignments are routinely unstructured, requiring autonomy, problem solving, and independent judgment
• Ability to clearly articulate a position (written or verbal) with sound logic, supporting empirical evidence, and impartiality
• Ability to work and interact with technically and organizationally diverse personnel

Desired Qualifications
• Master’s degree in computer science, computer engineering, information technology, information systems, or related technical fields with at least two years of cloud design experience
• Minimum of 5+ years of experience w/ Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), or Google Cloud Platform
• AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure certifications highly desired (e.g. in areas of cloud architecture, data services, and security)
• Project manager experience with Project Management Professional Certification
• Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or Security + training/certification, Information Security Systems Manager (ISSM), Information Systems Security Officer (ISSO), and/or Information Systems Security Engineer (ISSE) training/certification/experience
• Risk management framework (RMF) process/procedure familiarity with experience in security compliance, accreditation, and authorization
• Practical experience with architecture, implementation, and operation of complex multi-vendor, multi-server network infrastructures in support of a mission-critical enterprise environment
• Experience working with Agile development methodologies
• Knowledge of IT server, client, storage, and network technologies
• Knowledge in networking (protocols, virtual networks, subnets, firewalls)
• Experience with Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), orchestration, automation, and databases
• Background in building or designing Web services in the cloud

Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.

Apply Now",3.4,"Riverside Research Institute
3.4","Wright Patterson AFB, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
89,Senior Cloud Engineer,"Employer Provided Salary:
$190k-$210k","The Role
We are looking for an enthusiastic Sr. Staff Software Engineer to join our Platform team. You’ll be responsible for crafting and scaling services for the Platform which serves billions of requests a month. The ideal candidate is an individual who thrives on new challenges, possesses a strong platform development background, and has a drive to invent.
Responsibilities
● Help lead the design, implementation and deployment of new features and services
● Work with a cross-functional team of product managers, designers, and engineers
● Ensure successful integration of customer facing platform services and internal systems
● Advocate for new technical architecture and innovation
● Ensure proper monitoring and respond to issues with the live environments
● Mentor and coach junior engineers to meet their full potential
Qualifications
● BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience
● 5+ years of experience designing and delivering cloud platforms and services
● Experience developing cloud platforms at scale in languages such as: Python, Java, Go, or Kotlin
● Experience with Linux, MySQL or PostgreSQL, and Git
● Familiarity with UI frameworks like Angular or React
● Exposure to non-relational data stores like FoundaitonDB
● Strong problem-solving and debugging skills in all areas of platform development
● A track record of developing testable and maintainable code
Closing
We are shaking up the 3D world. Our team has developed an end-to-end 3D platform that allows anyone to create, edit, and share 3D models of real-world spaces. Our tools are already used by thousands of professionals in a variety of industries, including insurance, architecture, construction, manufacturing, real estate, hospitality, and location-scouting, as well as by hobbyists who just want to dive into 3D capture.
We are the leading spatial data company digitizing and indexing the built world. Its unique 3D capture technology creates the spatial data layer on which the industry can interoperate, and the company’s all-in-one 3D data platform makes it fast and easy to turn any physical space into an accurate and immersive digital twin. The Matterport platform helps customers realize the full potential of a space at every stage of its lifecycle including planning, construction, appraisal",4.4,"CoreTechs
4.4",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
90,Senior Data Engineer,"$90k-$157k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Us

Kiva (kiva.org) is an international nonprofit with a mission to expand financial access to help underserved communities thrive. We run a global marketplace platform to crowdfund microloans for financially excluded entrepreneurs, farmers and students around the world. Our organization combines the culture and technological passion of an internet start-up with the compassion and empathy of a non-profit to create impact and opportunity at global scale. Since 2005, we have raised more than $1.4 billion in loan capital for 3.6 million borrowers in 95 countries. Our lenders fund over $13 million in loans every month. With offices in San Francisco, Portland, New York, Nairobi, and Bangkok, Kiva's team includes 100+ employees and 400+ volunteers worldwide. Our team is growing as we pursue exciting new opportunities to create a financially inclusive world.

About Data Science @Kiva

The Data Science team at Kiva creates impact by using data to solve problems around financial inclusion. This translates to a host of exciting and challenging technical problems spanning analytics, machine learning, data engineering, and infrastructure. The team is currently building out a new analytics stack, algorithms to power personalization on kiva.org, and is looking to scale analytics & data science for other kinds of problems. Our current ecosystem of infrastructure, tools, and skillsets include AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, Snowflake, Fivetran, Looker, DBT, Google Cloud Composer (Airflow), Snowplow, Python, Kotlin, and PHP.

About the Role

The team is looking for a strong engineer to help architect, design, build, maintain, and evolve our analytics platform. This is an opportunity to be an early influencer and a significant contributor to the direction and growth of the team. As a Senior Data Engineer, you will:
Own an analytics platform that will influence the experience of millions of lenders and borrowers around the world.
Work with internal stakeholders to identify their analytics needs, and drive the analytics engineering roadmap.
Collaborate with analysts, data scientists & engineers to write data transforms/pipelines to generate reliable insights, and build data-driven products.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Work with various parts of the organization (Analytics, Engineering, Product, Operations, etc.) to support self-service analytics.
Help foster a spirit of innovation and collaboration both within the engineering team and across the organization.
Work to create impactful and sustainable solutions to complex problems by taking bold and measured risks.
Balance your technical excellence with a high E.Q., showing up with a sense of empathy, awareness, and responsibility.
Share the knowledge you gain generously with your peers to perpetuate a culture of engineering excellence.
This role will be based in San Francisco or Portland and will report to the Director of Data Science based in San Francisco. At this time, we can only consider applicants with authorization to work in the United States on a permanent, full-time basis; unfortunately, we cannot provide visa sponsorship.

About You
You have a BS in a quantitative discipline (computer science, engineering, physics, mathematics, or a related field) or comparable work experience.
You have built data platforms to enable analytics and data-driven products using agile software development principles.
You have 5+ years of data warehousing experience (data modeling, ETL/ELT, data cleansing, systems & database administration) on a modern data warehouse (like Redshift / Snowflake / etc.).
You have experience working with modern analytics tools (like Looker / Tableau / Metabase, etc.) to design user-facing analytics.
You have strong coding (SQL & Python) and report design skills.
You have worked with various internal stakeholders to gather business requirements and translate them into technical solutions.
You can communicate findings and recommendations to technical and non-technical audiences.
You are willing to learn, take initiative, and wear multiple hats as required.
What We Offer:
An opportunity to improve real lives, solve hard problems, and change the world
Friendly, supportive, and adventurous environment with a team of engaged colleagues
A comprehensive, industry-leading benefits package
Opportunities to connect with and learn from colleagues and partners around the world
A diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is an integral part of Kiva's culture. We actively welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a great place to work. Join us and help us achieve our mission!

We will only accept applications directly from candidates. Kiva will not be responsible for any recruiting agency fees, absent a formal agreement.",4.2,"Kiva.org
4.2","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
91,Sr. Ruby/RoR Software Engineer,"$54k-$113k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Housecall Pro is headquartered in beautiful San Diego, CA and is open to candidates from San Diego, San Francisco or Denver, CO. We are currently fully distributed although excited to introduce a hybrid work model in the future that will allow for a combination of both distributed and in-office work!

At Housecall Pro, we are focused on making the lives of service professionals better by helping them to incorporate technology into their daily workflow. We are the operating system for service labor across the US and Canada.

We're looking for a Senior Software Engineer to work on advanced projects on our flagship Ruby/RoR application. You will be responsible for the development and refinement of new features across our product line. Your primary focus will be to work directly with the product management team to conceive, develop, and refine our core web applications and deliver outstanding experiences and value to our customers. You will work in an iterative, data driven environment to refine the application. Your leadership skills will be important in mentoring junior teammates and conducting rigorous code reviews across the teams you work with. A strong commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and the creation of quality products is essential. Your customer-centric focus is critical for our and our customers' success.

Our Engineering team is extraordinary. We're a hardworking and focused team driven to deliver industry-leading apps to our service professional customers. Our success is their success. Our team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused team members are the ""engine room"" of Housecall Pro, helping our customers operate and grow their businesses.

Responsibilities:

Design, develop and deploy features for Housecall Pro's core Ruby/RoR applications
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Work with product management to refine initial concepts features that deliver customer delight
Build and execute a high velocity of smart, highly performant server side A/B tests to increase business metrics
Stay up to date with new Growth and Personalization tools
Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs
Develop and maintain code quality standards and enforce them across the team
Continually introduce architectural improvements and refactorings to the code baseline
Write automated tests at the appropriate architectural level
Conduct code reviews and architectural reviews for features developed by other members of the team
Lead feature teams in their weekly iterations
Maintain and improve our continuous integration and development environments

Core Qualifications:

Ability to work at a fast pace with a drive to quickly deliver value to our customers
BS, MS or Ph.D in a computer science / computer engineering program
3-10 years industry experience developing commercial Ruby/RoR applications
1-2 years experience leading teams and performing code reviews
Advanced knowledge of Ruby/RoR
Data Driven
Attention to detail and an eye for design
Familiarity with ReSTful APIs used to connect our Android, iOS, and Javascript applications to the web application
Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools
Proficient understanding of Git
Strong proficiency with continuous integration/continuous deployment
Experience with Kotlin a plus
Experience with Swift a plus
Experience with Javascript/React a plus
Experience with MaterialUI a plus

Why Housecall Pro

Housecall Pro is a mission-driven company. Our co-founder/President built a software company to help service professionals like his father (a house painter), get to a better life.
We save our service professional time, and help them, in turn, to delight their end-customers.
We are tackling the last, large market ($700b+) untouched by technology and unencumbered by a dominant competitor.
Our goal is to build a $10 billion+ company that is a powerful brand to home service providers and consumers
We have fun at work. Really.
We have a N.A.P. (No Acronym Policy) so we all speak the same language.
Competitive compensation and benefits (medical, dental, vision, life, disability, employee assistance program, 401K)
We strive for true inclusion and belonging and want our passionate employees to bring their whole selves to work. Housecall employees have created groups to make the world better such as Housecall Pride (LGBTQIA+), We Stand Together (equality) and Women of Housecall.
Equity in a growth stage startup backed by top-tier VCs
Paid holidays and self-managed (unlimited) paid time off

Housecall Pro celebrates diversity and we are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees to include equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Housecall Pro is an equal opportunity employer; committed to an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.",4.6,"Housecall Pro
4.6","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
92,AWS Data Engineer,-1,"AWS Data Engineer Northern, VA

AWS Data Engineer


Minimum Requirements
Active SECRET clearance preferred; Clearable US Citizen with NAIC (National background check) may also apply
5 years Data Engineering experience AND a BA Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Sciences, or equivalent; 4 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education.
Working knowledge of agile software development, DevSecOps, and AWS native solutions including API Gateway, S3, and Lambda is required.
Preferred Experience
Knowledge of several of the following areas is desirable: DevSecOps, Active Server Pages, JavaScript, Python, HTML, and AWS native applications including S3, WAF, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFront, DynamoDB, Transcribe, Athena, Simple Queue Service, QuikSight, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, KMS, and Cognito.
Job Duties
Provide development support to the Scrum Master in an agile software development environment in AWS.
Works as a key member of an AWS native solution software development team and works to identify risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments.
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details
Location – Arlington, Virginia
Travel Required – N/A
If travel is required, how much? 0%
Work Schedule (Shift etc.): Day Shift
Authorization to work in US required
8570 Requirements: N/A
NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Tagged as: AWS Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
93,Principal Software Engineer,"$70k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.
Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented CNO Developer to join our team in the Hanover , MD .
Responsibility include, but are not limited too:
Expert knowledge of multiple programming languages such as C/C++, assembly (e.g. x86, ARM, MIPS), Python, or PERL.
Familiar with multiple software development methodologies (e.g. Scrum, TDD, Waterfall).
Expert level knowledge of security concepts, networks, device drivers, & system internals are applied in daily tasks.
Expert knowledge in at least one technology area (e.g. Windows, Unix, Mobile, Network devices).
Communicates status with leadership and customers. Contributes to the completion of milestones associated with specific projects.
Provides solutions to a variety of complex technical problems.
Determines computer user needs; analyzes system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming.
Ensures software standards are met. Leads the design, development, documenting, testing and debugging of applications software and systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions.
Able to lead a project developing hardware or software based CNO capabilities providing direction to other CNO developers.
Plans and conducts assignments, generally involving the larger and more important projects or more than one project.

Required:

Seven to nine years of relevant work experience.
Proficient C programming skills
Software Analysis/Reverse Engineering experience
Embedded systems development experience
Understand assembly programming concepts
Bachelors Degree

Clearance Required:

TS/SCI with Polygraph

Desired:

Experience working with networking (TCP/IP)
Python experience
Unit Test experience
Experience using Jenkins Continuous Integration Server

ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.",4.3,"ManTech International Corporation
4.3","Hanover, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1968,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
94,Software Engineer,-1,"Raytheon Technologies is supporting a U.S. Government customer on a consolidation of mission application development contracts for the mission space in support of customer objectives.
Raytheon CSM is seeking a Software Engineer to provide core capabilities in supporting the customers Mission execution. This role will entail the development of software and full product solutions that can integrate with hardware components. The contractor shall design, develop, and test the software at the product level to ensure all product, thread, and system-of-systems requirements are met and to ensure the product can easily be operated and maintained once placed in production. The contractor shall also analyze, troubleshoot and enhance software items.

Must have a TS/SCI Lifestyle Poly-current

Responsibilities Include:
Analyze users requirements and high level system architectures to develop product, thread, and system-of-systems requirements specifications.
In performing software development work, the contractor shall leverage Government-defined processes (e.g. OS Software Release Model, software development plan and Confluence), and shall perform such work in accordance with a tailored agile, test-driven development methodology (e.g. DEVOPS, Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment environment) to ensure developed components shall meet the needs of the end user.

Required Skills
Minimum 10 years software engineering experience. Experience with developing and maintaining software solutions using industrys software engineering best practices in the modern software languages, technologies and environments.
Current TS/SCI-Poly is required

Proficiency with:
Programming languages: C, C++, Javascript, Java, J2EE, Go (Golang), Genesis, Snort, Bash, and Python
Frameworks, life-cycle management, and development tools: Hibernate, SpringBoot, ExtJS, AngularJS, Ansible, Swagger, Git, Subversion, Maven, Gradle, Nexus, Eclipse, IntelliJ, JIRA, Bitbucket. Jenkins, Confluence, Bamboo, Fisheye, Crucible, SonarQube, Ext-Js, JQuery, and D3.js - - Cloud technologies: Pig, Hive, Apache Spark, Storm, HBase, Hadoop Distributed File System, and MapReduce Open-source virtual machines and Cloud-based systems: OpenStack, OpenShift, Rancher, Docker, Kubernetes, and Amazon Web Services
Application servers: Node.js, Oracle Weblogic, Oracle Glassfish, JBoss and Apache Tomcat
Data interchange formats: JavaScript Object Notation JSON, Apache Avro, and eXtensible Mark-up Language (XML) (U) Data environments: Oracle, Sybase, PostGreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Splunk, and Elasticsearch/Logstash/Kibana (ELK), and Neo4j
Operating system environments: Windows, Linux, and MacOS
Scripting Languages: PHP and Perl
Software requirements management: Atlassian Suite, EPICS, Story Board

U.S. Citizenship
Required Certifications:
DODI 8570.1-M Compliance at IAT Level II, or the ability to obtain certification within three months of employment

Desired Skills:
Familiarity with DevOps Software Lifecycle
Familiarity with developing test automation

Education Requirement:
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Computer Science, Engineering or related technical field or related experience may be substituted in lieu of a degree.

160236

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Baltimore, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
95,Lead Project Engineer,-1,"The primary purpose of this position is to apply and provide creative technical solutions for ROL Height Adjustable Table products and core technology primarily in the US market.

This position is expected to have a high degree of customer interface and relationship building, excellent communication skills and the ability to create effective presentation materials in a manner that will be immediately understandable and successful.

This position is expected to be creative and have a highly effective communication style to be able to communicate between our global sites in implementing complex project objectives.

Project management skills are expected for both customer and internal implementation of complex global products and business objectives.
Five to Ten years relevant technical customer service experience
Three plus years CAD experience
Demonstrated proficient use of Microsoft & MRP type software products
Mechanical, Electromechanical Bachelor’s degree or Equivalent Technical Bachelor’s degree
Project Management training {PMP}
Electromechanical, Electronic and/or software development and product launch experience
Manufacturing experience with plastic injection molding, metal forming and welding, electronics assembly and programming
Proficient interpretation and communication skills to understand and present product technical concepts, data and proprietary information
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $1.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Technical Customer Service: 5 years (Required)
CAD: 3 years (Required)
Project Management: 1 year (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Company's website:
www.rolergo.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,ROL USA (ergo),"Holland, MI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
96,Data Engineer II,"$59k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Engineer II provides technical expertise, enables data analysis, and is an expert of the data generated by business systems. They will contribute to meaningful, effective, and performant data visualizations and reports, and analyze, troubleshoot and tune performance.

Provide expertise in data management, analysis, and visualizations.
Partner with analysts and other users of data.
Develop and share knowledge of advanced reporting, analytics, and dashboarding tools, including Tableau.
Develop and automate data pipelines.
Clean and prep data.
Debug data issues in dashboards, reports, data warehouses, operational data stores, and other disparate data sources.
Improve monitoring, automated testing, and deployments.
Be a resource for providing insight, recommendations, and assistance with technical and non-technical questions.
Monitor and recommend enhancements to the technical architecture to keep pace with changing business demands and scale.
Stay informed of technology industry trends and solutions with ability to analyze for possible application in our environment.
Work with Information Technology management and staff to develop and maintain standards, processes, and documentation.
Promote the role and capabilities of IT to enhance the professional development of all staff through example, recommendation, and accommodation.
Work independently with little oversight and direction.
Special projects as business needs require.
Ability to translate business requirements to technical specifications.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, cross-functional team environment.
Adaptable, open to change, and able to work in ambiguous situations and respond to new information or unexpected circumstances.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, ability to operate in a cross cultural and complex matrix environment, and ability to build consensus across functions.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 90% of a typical working day.
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field; or High School Degree/General Education Diploma and 4 years of relevant experience in lieu of Bachelor’s degree.
5+ years of experience in data and/or software engineering or related field.
1+ year experience querying disparate data sources, such as relational structures, OLTP systems, and dimensional data models.
1+ year experience working with SQL for data exploration, debugging, and performant data access.
Proficient in all MS Office applications including Excel, and Word.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience designing and developing reports, dashboards, and visualizations.
Experience with Python, AWS, Snowflake, Microsoft EDW/BI/OLAP technologies (e.g. SQL Server, SSRS, SSIS), or ETL.
Experience developing dashboards and reports on data from sales, call center, and custom software applications.
Experience with Tableau, ideally including performance optimization.
Experience as an Epic BI Developer (BID).
#LI-AL1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.0,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.0","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
97,Data Engineer II,"$73k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Seekers can review the Job Applicant Privacy Policy by clicking HERE. at https://ryder.com/job-applicant-privacy-policy

You are the driving force behind our company.

Start your career with Ryder today!

SUMMARY

The Data Engineer III's role is to interpret the business logic required to turn a complex idea into a sustainable value add process. The Data Engineer ensures the data is usable and viable with near real-time reporting, delivering solutions to the problems presented. The Data Engineer is expected to be an expert of systems.

The position will work on cutting edge data technology by being a key contributor on Ryder's Azure Data Lake and analytics initiatives as an expert in this field. The Data Engineer III will use their skills as an expert of data structures specific to Transportation and Warehouse operating systems and demonstrate how to turn this data into concrete value-add for the business.

On this team a Data Engineer will get the chance to be the expert of data, collaborating with Data Analysts and Scientists, using all their skills in order to exploit data to drive the business forward. The Engineer pushes the envelope of what is possible in the big data space for streaming live data into a data lake; moving data from raw replication, to cleansed, to an aggregated solution for the analytics team to leverage.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Perform the extraction, transformations and loading from the source systems and the data lake to the analytics products using independently developed logic.

A specialist of data integration and analytics, bringing the required qualitative and quantitative skills to enable the product teams.

Coach, mentor and learn from the upcoming generation of Ryder product experts demonstrating thought leadership across disciplines and domains to facilitate consensus, buy-in and adoption.

Enhance data maturity and integration for Ryders products by interacting with operations to standardize the core value-add functionality, enabling a multiplier effect.

Challenge the status quo guiding entrepreneurial innovation in both analytical products and the curation of new data sources elevating analytics beyond data reporting and dashboarding to the delivery actionable insights.

Knowledge of with Ryders Business, understanding the complexity of the supply chain world and the role that data has within this ecosystem.

ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES

Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION

Bachelor's degree Computer Science or equivalent.

Master's degree Computer Science, MBA or equivalent preferred.

EXPERIENCE

Six (6) years or more experience Applied Project(s) experience: experience in demonstrating, digital transformation, data management in an educational/project.

Six (6) years or more experience in data extraction, transformation & loading and agile development. experience working in a cloud environment.

Four (4) years or more experience Works in an individual contributor role as a key member of the team that others rely on

SKILLS

experience using tools like:

ETL tools (Alteryx or SSIS)

Data manipulation tools (SQL)

Object oriented development stacks (.net)

Exposure to the development of predictive analytic solutions using predictive analytics tools like:

Alteryx, R, Python

Power BI, Tableau (preferred)

Strong verbal and written communication skills, with an ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms

Support product innovation, working closely with technology throughout the build, test, and release of the product using agile methodologies.

KNOWLEDGE

LICENSES

TRAVEL

0-10%

\#FB

\#li-post

\#INDexempt

Job Category

Data Science & Analytics

Ryder is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and Drug Free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.

Job Seekers can review the Job Applicant Privacy Policy by clicking HERE. at https://ryder.com/job-applicant-privacy-policy

Ryder operates behind the scenes, managing critical fleet, transportation and supply chain functions for over 50,000 customers, many of which make the products that consumers use every day. When you choose Ryder, you get access to industry-leading technology, one of North Americas largest fleet of trucks, an expansive infrastructure of maintenance facilities and warehouses, and some of the most talented people in the industry.

\#wd",3.2,"Ryder System
3.2","Franklin, TN",-1,10000+ Employees,1933,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
98,Sr Data Engineer,"$71k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Group O is seeking a strong candidate in the job of Senior Data Engineer for a Group O partner in San Antonio, TX. In this role, you will be a valuable expert in data coding and ETL and will lead the development of data models, structures, and data wrangling.

Responsibilities
Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, pre-processing using Hive and Pig
Scope and deliver various Big Data solutions
Design solutions based on high-level architecture
Manage technical communications between clients (technical and non-technical) and internal teams
Building a cloud-based platform that allows easy development of new applications
Collaborate with developers, subject matter experts, and business users in gathering and documenting requirements for data extraction and transformation
Perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, improve ETL jobs efficiencies, correct ETL defects and respond quickly to fixes and enhancement requests
Follow design standards for ETL and ELT processes
Analyze, assess and implement changes to existing solutions in response to business changes
Perform data research and analysis to find insights
Analyze data models to identify variances and discrepancies
Design, update, and maintain data sets
Work with geographically distributed team structure in a fast paced and challenging environment; multi-task and work under pressure
Communicate results with internal and external stakeholders

Qualifications:
An ideal candidate will have experience leading data quality assessment, will be a strong problem-solver and will have excellent interpersonal and communications skills.
Over 5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc.
Strong background with ETL Design and coding for Data loading, Data cleansing, Data Validation
Proficiency in SQL, SAS, R and Python – with preference to SQL
Previous experience designing custom deliverables based on user requirements
Excellent written and verbal communication skills – must be able to communicate fluently in English both verbally and in writing
Strong analytical and statistical analysis skills to extract insights and recommendations
Strong problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners
Insurance domain experience is preferred",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
99,Senior Manufacturing Engineer,-1,"Grace Manufacturing LLC is a world class leader in machine manufacturing, specialty precision products and other industries. We are seeking qualified candidates for a *Senior Manufacturing Engineer *position at our Manufacturing facility in Russellville, Arkansas.

This full-time position is responsible for comprehensive responsibilities including trouble-shooting manufacturing methods, processes, tooling, computer numeric controls programming, supporting both product launch and production by providing technical direction and may supervise others.

The ideal candidate will have the following:

· Bachelors Degree in manufacturing, Mechanical or Industrial Engineering for an accredited institution

· Minimum of five (5) years of manufacturing engineering experience

· Must have experience with design software

· Possesses a strong technical knowledge and able to apply concepts, practices, and procedures. Works on problems of complex scope where analysis of situations or data involves multiple competing factors.

· Possesses interpersonal skills to negotiate and reconcile differences. Listens to and understands others’ points of view and articulates tactfully and respectfully one’s own perspective orally, in writing, and in presentations.

· Works well with other engineers in a collaborative, fast-paced goal-driven environment and interacts well with diverse groups and maintains strong working relationships with internal and external collaborators.
What We Offer *
Grace Manufacturing is proud to be Employee Owned (ESOP) and offers its employee-owners a competitive compensation and benefit package to include medical, dental, vision, paid vacation and 401k. We also have optional benefits to include short term disability and hospitalization.

Most importantly, we have a relaxed, friendly atmosphere where employees can thrive and perform.

If you are interested in applying to this opportunity, please submit your resume and apply online below.

_Grace Manufacturing is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace_

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Manufacturing Engineering: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Russellville, AR 72802 (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
gracemfg.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"Grace Manufacturing, Inc.
3.1","Conway, AR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
100,Analytics Engineer (Data Governance),-1,"InfoTrust is seeking an Analytics Engineer to join our Customer Data Governance team. This is an amazing opportunity to join a team that is on the foundational level of building the future of digital analytics and how it can affect some of the largest brands in the world!

Are you looking for:
Technical challenge?
A way to come in and problem solve everyday?
Be part of new team and help grow our business to lengths we haven't even dreamed of yet?
A role that flexes your experience with Javascript and love for automation?
A collaborative team environment?
A flexible work environment that embraces diversity, innovation, ownership, and growth?
A role that enables you to interact with some of the biggest brands in the world and delight both internal and external teams on a daily basis?
THEN, this might be the right role for YOU!

About InfoTrust:

Our company was started with one principle we are going to provide the best workplace for the best people and as long as we keep our eyes on this #1 goal, all other things will fall into place. This strategy has been extremely successful and we are thrilled to be #1 Employer in Ohio, #1 for Cincinnati, and ranked on national lists such as Ad Age's Best Places to Work and Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Companies (4 years strong).

The role:

The Customer Data Governance department is bridging the gap between our amazing delivery team and our product team. By becoming subject matter experts in our proprietary technology, Tag Inspector, and leveraging the expertise we have in house on Data Governance, Google Marketing Platform, visualizations tools, privacy and compliance, and much, much, more in the digital analytics space. The goal of the Analytics Engineer is to delight both internal and external stakeholders by showing the value in the big picture of governance, ensuring data is consistent, trustworthy and used correctly.

The responsibilities of the Analytics Engineer include:

Delight potential Clients by:
Demoing Tag Inspector
Showcasing Tag Inspector capabilities to larger growth opportunities including performance, PII identification and Governance (Audit, Policy Creation and Ongoing Monitoring)
Regularly identifying ways to utilize Tag Inspector data to improve data collection and optimize the organization's governance strategy.
Delight new or existing Clients by:
Using various technologies (node.js, Google Apps Script, Google Cloud, etc.) to leverage the Tag Inspector API to automate the creation of deliverables
Providing support to Tag Inspector client in lower license tiers (Self Service Tier)
Providing support to Governance Clients
Understanding Client challenges and sharing it with both the Customer Data Governance and Tag Inspector teams to help solve and think about growth opportunities
Linking current solutions provided to other possible solutions that we offer (including Tag Management)
Delight our own teams by being able to automate manual processes
Delight our own teams by being able to automate work associated with Tag Management
Due to the responsibilities listed above, it is important that the person joining our team is excited to solve problems in technology. So someone that is equal parts technological, and equal parts business-acumen. Is this you?

Background and skills we are looking for in an Analytics Engineer:
Working knowledge of JavaScript and Project Architecture
Specific experience with Node.js and TypeScript, preferred, but not required
Understanding of (or a willingness to learn) Tag Management tools like Google Tag Manager
3+ years of experience, preferably in a client-facing role
You enjoy working with data, and may even consider yourself ""data-driven""
Strong empathy and often use your strong communication and presentation skills to convey a message and secure buy-in, explain a technical complexity or deep dive into a client a hurdle
Adaptability and ability to take ownership
Seeking knowledge and understanding of complex technical concepts
Located in Ohio
An alignment between your personal core values and InfoTrust's; Ownership, Diversity, Respect, Impact, Growth, Innovation
More about InfoTrust:

Other than an awesome culture, we also offer: Free Health, Dental and Vision Insurance (seriously), Unlimited PTO, Flexible Work Schedule, a generous Parental Leave policy, 401K with match, Tuition Reimbursement, Gym reimbursement and much, much more.

InfoTrust is committed to a diverse workforce and we are an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate applicants regardless of an individual's age, race, color, gender, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.",5.0,"InfoTrust
5.0","Cincinnati, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
101,Senior Software Engineer / Tech Lead,-1,"Overview:

Who we are:

Virgin Pulse, founded as part of Sir Richard Branson’s famed Virgin Group, helps organizations build employee health and wellbeing into the DNA of their corporate cultures. As the only company to deliver a powerful, mobile-first digital platform infused with live services, including coaching and biometric screenings, Virgin Pulse takes a high-tech-meets-high-touch-approach to engage employees in improving across all aspects of their health and wellbeing, every day – from prevention and building a healthy lifestyle to condition and disease management to condition reversal, all while transparently engaging users daily in building and sustaining relevant healthy habits and behaviors. A global leader in health and wellbeing, Virgin Pulse is committed to helping change lives and businesses around the world for good so that people and organizations can thrive, together. Today, more than 3100 organizations across the globe are using Virgin Pulse’s solutions to improve health, employee wellbeing and engagement, reduce costs and create strong workplace cultures.

We engage several million members worldwide through our App Store and Play Store Applications that have over 500k consumer reviews and 4.8+ ratings

Who are our employees?

At Virgin Pulse we’re passionate about changing lives for good. We want to make a difference in the world by helping people be healthy so they can perform at their best, every day, at work and at home. Our award-winning solutions support leading employers in improving and simplifying the employee health and wellbeing journey and engaging people in all aspects of their health. But our world-class products and programs are nothing without our people – the employees who design, build, promote, sell, test and perfect the latest innovations in workplace health and wellbeing. Our people are our top priority and we invest in their health and happiness. At Virgin Pulse, we have so much more than a strong, supportive company culture – have a shared vision for a healthier, happier world.

Responsibilities:

Who you are

You are a dedicated and knowledgeble Senior or Lead Software Engineer and have a goal to find a position on a technology team focused on continuing the growth of our next-generation SaaS application. As a Technical Lead at Virgin Pulse you will mentor and lead a team of engineers in their work to implement stories, bug fixes, unit tests, and general R&D with minimal oversight. You bring to the table a broad understanding of many modern open-source web technologies, and are dedicated to learning more. You will work as a technical leader on a scrum team, collaborating with other Tech Leads, Product Owners and our talented Engineers to deliver great solutions on an exponentially growing application.

In addition to the above you possess a number of desirable traits including:

You have outstanding problem solving and analytical skills
You are a great communicator (written and verbal)
You are enthusiastic about leading and being part of a team, and have great people skills
You are a mentor; a teacher who has gifts and knowledge and want to share this passion with others.
A passion for learning technologies and applying them to the right projects will make you successful in this position.
Qualifications:

What you bring to the team

In order to represent the best of what we have to offer you come to us with a multitude of positive attributes including:

7 or more years of practical experience working as a software engineer
3 years or more in a Lead role.
Object-Orientated development skills
Grasp of modern (RESTful) web applications
Strenghts in open source tools like Java, Python and similar
Expertise withf SQL; PostgreSQL is a plus
Strong knowledge of common front end technologies such as React, Pug, Bower/NPM, Grunt, Angular, etc.
Solid Unit Testing experience
Agile Scrum or Kanban methodologies
Knowledge of Scrum tools (Jira, confluence, etc.)
Git with pull requests in a team environment
Linux – in depth skills
TCP/IP
Grasp of and support for Continuous Integration / Delivery method experience (i.e. Teamcity, Jenkins, etc.)

Strengths that make you stand out

Spring or Spring Boot
Cassandra / Redis
AWS/SNS/SQS/RDS
Terraform / Puppet / Ansible
Maven/Gradle

Security Competencies:

Work to ensure system and data security is maintained at a high standard, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Virgin Pulse application is not compromised. Ensure industry best practice coding standards are adhered to in particular ensure all code developed at Virgin Pulse is free from bugs and security vulnerabilities, such as those defined and published by OWASP.

Why work here?

We believe a career should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, strong employee culture and cutting-edge technology and services — so many reasons to love it here.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any protected class status.
#LI-REMOTE",-1,VirginPulse,"Appleton, WI",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
102,Senior Software Engineer / Tech Lead,-1,"Overview:

Who we are:

Virgin Pulse, founded as part of Sir Richard Branson’s famed Virgin Group, helps organizations build employee health and wellbeing into the DNA of their corporate cultures. As the only company to deliver a powerful, mobile-first digital platform infused with live services, including coaching and biometric screenings, Virgin Pulse takes a high-tech-meets-high-touch-approach to engage employees in improving across all aspects of their health and wellbeing, every day – from prevention and building a healthy lifestyle to condition and disease management to condition reversal, all while transparently engaging users daily in building and sustaining relevant healthy habits and behaviors. A global leader in health and wellbeing, Virgin Pulse is committed to helping change lives and businesses around the world for good so that people and organizations can thrive, together. Today, more than 3100 organizations across the globe are using Virgin Pulse’s solutions to improve health, employee wellbeing and engagement, reduce costs and create strong workplace cultures.

We engage several million members worldwide through our App Store and Play Store Applications that have over 500k consumer reviews and 4.8+ ratings

Who are our employees?

At Virgin Pulse we’re passionate about changing lives for good. We want to make a difference in the world by helping people be healthy so they can perform at their best, every day, at work and at home. Our award-winning solutions support leading employers in improving and simplifying the employee health and wellbeing journey and engaging people in all aspects of their health. But our world-class products and programs are nothing without our people – the employees who design, build, promote, sell, test and perfect the latest innovations in workplace health and wellbeing. Our people are our top priority and we invest in their health and happiness. At Virgin Pulse, we have so much more than a strong, supportive company culture – have a shared vision for a healthier, happier world.

Responsibilities:

Who you are

You are a dedicated and knowledgeble Senior or Lead Software Engineer and have a goal to find a position on a technology team focused on continuing the growth of our next-generation SaaS application. As a Technical Lead at Virgin Pulse you will mentor and lead a team of engineers in their work to implement stories, bug fixes, unit tests, and general R&D with minimal oversight. You bring to the table a broad understanding of many modern open-source web technologies, and are dedicated to learning more. You will work as a technical leader on a scrum team, collaborating with other Tech Leads, Product Owners and our talented Engineers to deliver great solutions on an exponentially growing application.

In addition to the above you possess a number of desirable traits including:

You have outstanding problem solving and analytical skills
You are a great communicator (written and verbal)
You are enthusiastic about leading and being part of a team, and have great people skills
You are a mentor; a teacher who has gifts and knowledge and want to share this passion with others.
A passion for learning technologies and applying them to the right projects will make you successful in this position.
Qualifications:

What you bring to the team

In order to represent the best of what we have to offer you come to us with a multitude of positive attributes including:

7 or more years of practical experience working as a software engineer
3 years or more in a Lead role.
Object-Orientated development skills
Grasp of modern (RESTful) web applications
Strenghts in open source tools like Java, Python and similar
Expertise withf SQL; PostgreSQL is a plus
Strong knowledge of common front end technologies such as React, Pug, Bower/NPM, Grunt, Angular, etc.
Solid Unit Testing experience
Agile Scrum or Kanban methodologies
Knowledge of Scrum tools (Jira, confluence, etc.)
Git with pull requests in a team environment
Linux – in depth skills
TCP/IP
Grasp of and support for Continuous Integration / Delivery method experience (i.e. Teamcity, Jenkins, etc.)

Strengths that make you stand out

Spring or Spring Boot
Cassandra / Redis
AWS/SNS/SQS/RDS
Terraform / Puppet / Ansible
Maven/Gradle

Security Competencies:

Work to ensure system and data security is maintained at a high standard, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Virgin Pulse application is not compromised. Ensure industry best practice coding standards are adhered to in particular ensure all code developed at Virgin Pulse is free from bugs and security vulnerabilities, such as those defined and published by OWASP.

Why work here?

We believe a career should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, strong employee culture and cutting-edge technology and services — so many reasons to love it here.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any protected class status.
#LI-REMOTE",-1,VirginPulse,"Appleton, WI",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
103,Senior Software Engineer / Tech Lead,-1,"Overview:

Who we are:

Virgin Pulse, founded as part of Sir Richard Branson’s famed Virgin Group, helps organizations build employee health and wellbeing into the DNA of their corporate cultures. As the only company to deliver a powerful, mobile-first digital platform infused with live services, including coaching and biometric screenings, Virgin Pulse takes a high-tech-meets-high-touch-approach to engage employees in improving across all aspects of their health and wellbeing, every day – from prevention and building a healthy lifestyle to condition and disease management to condition reversal, all while transparently engaging users daily in building and sustaining relevant healthy habits and behaviors. A global leader in health and wellbeing, Virgin Pulse is committed to helping change lives and businesses around the world for good so that people and organizations can thrive, together. Today, more than 3100 organizations across the globe are using Virgin Pulse’s solutions to improve health, employee wellbeing and engagement, reduce costs and create strong workplace cultures.

We engage several million members worldwide through our App Store and Play Store Applications that have over 500k consumer reviews and 4.8+ ratings

Who are our employees?

At Virgin Pulse we’re passionate about changing lives for good. We want to make a difference in the world by helping people be healthy so they can perform at their best, every day, at work and at home. Our award-winning solutions support leading employers in improving and simplifying the employee health and wellbeing journey and engaging people in all aspects of their health. But our world-class products and programs are nothing without our people – the employees who design, build, promote, sell, test and perfect the latest innovations in workplace health and wellbeing. Our people are our top priority and we invest in their health and happiness. At Virgin Pulse, we have so much more than a strong, supportive company culture – have a shared vision for a healthier, happier world.

Responsibilities:

Who you are

You are a dedicated and knowledgeble Senior or Lead Software Engineer and have a goal to find a position on a technology team focused on continuing the growth of our next-generation SaaS application. As a Technical Lead at Virgin Pulse you will mentor and lead a team of engineers in their work to implement stories, bug fixes, unit tests, and general R&D with minimal oversight. You bring to the table a broad understanding of many modern open-source web technologies, and are dedicated to learning more. You will work as a technical leader on a scrum team, collaborating with other Tech Leads, Product Owners and our talented Engineers to deliver great solutions on an exponentially growing application.

In addition to the above you possess a number of desirable traits including:

You have outstanding problem solving and analytical skills
You are a great communicator (written and verbal)
You are enthusiastic about leading and being part of a team, and have great people skills
You are a mentor; a teacher who has gifts and knowledge and want to share this passion with others.
A passion for learning technologies and applying them to the right projects will make you successful in this position.
Qualifications:

What you bring to the team

In order to represent the best of what we have to offer you come to us with a multitude of positive attributes including:

7 or more years of practical experience working as a software engineer
3 years or more in a Lead role.
Object-Orientated development skills
Grasp of modern (RESTful) web applications
Strenghts in open source tools like Java, Python and similar
Expertise withf SQL; PostgreSQL is a plus
Strong knowledge of common front end technologies such as React, Pug, Bower/NPM, Grunt, Angular, etc.
Solid Unit Testing experience
Agile Scrum or Kanban methodologies
Knowledge of Scrum tools (Jira, confluence, etc.)
Git with pull requests in a team environment
Linux – in depth skills
TCP/IP
Grasp of and support for Continuous Integration / Delivery method experience (i.e. Teamcity, Jenkins, etc.)

Strengths that make you stand out

Spring or Spring Boot
Cassandra / Redis
AWS/SNS/SQS/RDS
Terraform / Puppet / Ansible
Maven/Gradle

Security Competencies:

Work to ensure system and data security is maintained at a high standard, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the Virgin Pulse application is not compromised. Ensure industry best practice coding standards are adhered to in particular ensure all code developed at Virgin Pulse is free from bugs and security vulnerabilities, such as those defined and published by OWASP.

Why work here?

We believe a career should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, strong employee culture and cutting-edge technology and services — so many reasons to love it here.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any protected class status.
#LI-REMOTE",-1,VirginPulse,"Appleton, WI",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
104,Analytical Engineer - Rotordynamics,"$40k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","_We are hiring and seeking an Analytical Engineer who specializes in rotordynamics and bearing analysis!_*
The Opportunity | Analytical Engineer - Rotordynamics*
EMD is searching for an Analytical Engineer with a minimum of a Bachelor Degree in Mechanical Engineering and a minimum of five years in the field of rotordynamics and bearing analysis.

Department: Engineering Processes & Resources -- Dynamic and Hydraulic Analysis

Location: Cheswick, PA

The Challenge:
Plan and follow/lead rotordynamics and bearing analysis of Curtiss-Wright EMD equipment
Development and/or interpretation of design specifications for fluid-film bearings
Diagnose and trouble-shoot rotating machinery equipment malfunctions
Application of FEA modeling to electro-mechanical equipment
Compose and interpret technical specifications
Perform analysis projects to achieve technical, cost, quality, and risk reduction goals
Develop and demonstrate fundamental project planning skills and understanding of cost and schedule implications
Perform complex data acquisition and analysis related to rotating machinery health monitoring
Support design and analysis activities for low noise electro-mechanical equipment with high shock capability
Prepare cost estimates, scopes of work and engineering schedules of high fidelity for the individual job function
Understand customer perspectives and inputs and take appropriate responsive actions
Perform field service and provide technical interface with customers as appropriate
Prepare and deliver quality and professional technical presentations ranging from effective project team meeting presentations to formal design review or customer presentations
Independently compose quality documentation and written communications.
Contribute toward patents, technical papers, or articles
Support and participate in design review activities
Mentor other engineers in area of expertise and assist with training and evaluation of less senior personnel
Perform work in accordance with procedures and instructions, CW policies, and safety, environmental, and security rules and guidelines
Your Expertise:
BS Degree in Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent) from an accredited institution. MS or PhD a plus.
Prior work experience of 5 or more years in the Rotordynamics/Bearing Design field
Capable of creating and/or modifying fluid film bearing design software
Must be capable of getting DOD confidential level clearance
Effective composition, documentation, and presentation skills
Some prior industrial experience in rotordynamics/bearing design testing and/or analysis is preferred.
Software skills including Microsoft Office, Matlab, ANSYS, DyRoBeS or equivalent is a plus
Desired Characteristics
Good communication skills (written and verbal)
Be an innovative thinker and present theories/concepts in a professional manner
Professionalism and commitment to quality and customer service
Must be US citizen and be able to obtain and maintain DOD security clearance
This position may require exposure to information which is subject to US export control regulations, i.e. the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). All applicants must be U.S. persons within the meaning of U.S. regulations.

Curtiss-Wright values diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you require accommodation due to a disability at any time during the recruitment and/or assessment process, please contact Talent Acquisition and we will make all reasonable efforts to accommodate your request.

Reference ID: 6212-Rotordynamics

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
rotordynamics and bearings: 3 years (Required)
FEA modeling analysis: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)",3.1,"Curtiss-Wright
3.1","Pittsburgh, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1929,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
105,Data Engineer II,"$72k-$133k
(Glassdoor Est.)","to start of metadata
Blue Nile is looking for a highly motivated, results-oriented Data Engineer to join our Data Engineering team. If you have strong technical skills, love to work in a fast-paced team and want to help businesses make better decisions through collection & organization of data, you'll have a great time working on this small team. You will focus on the development of the data warehouse including our transition to a hybrid environment utilizing both on-premises and cloud-based data stores and tools. The data warehouse is a strategic asset for the company and powers data, insights, and actions across all business functions. You will collaborate with the team to expand and optimize our data and data pipeline architecture. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer will support our software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our company’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives.
Blue Nile is the largest online retailer of certified diamonds, engagement rings and fine jewelry. Our standards are among the highest of all jewelers. We provide a superior customer experience, extraordinary value and industry leading product quality and style. We obsess about our customers and are passionate about providing each customer with an amazing experience.

Our corporate offices are located in Seattle’s vibrant Pioneer Square district, home to the latest wave of internet startups and packed with restaurants and entertainment including Century Link and Safeco fields. We are close to transportation, the waterfront, and parks. Our dress code favors jeans and our facilities include bike racks and showers.

Responsibilities:
Experienced with working in a hybrid environment utilizing both on-premises and cloud-based data stores and tools
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture.
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Design efficient data structures and database schemas
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and GCP ‘big data’ technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and GCP regions.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building/providing actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or Computer Science or equivalent
5-8 years experience working in a data engineer role
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases and data warehouses, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience with Python scripting
Experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Understanding of data warehouse concepts, best practices and tools
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.

What we offer:
Medical, Dental, and Vision Healthcare Coverage
401(k) with Company Match
Paid Vacation
Competitive Salaries
Transportation Allowance
Employee Discount
Employee Referral Bonus
Fitness Center Discount",2.7,"Blue Nile
2.7","Seattle, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
106,Lead Data Engineer,"$93k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description

At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers and is consistently awarded for both. We’re all about people, and our employees are why Discover is a great place to work. Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career.

Discover Financial Services is seeking a Lead Data Engineer to join our Bank DSL Data Operations team. Successful candidates will partner with our business partners to understand their data needs, build data pipelines using cutting edge AWS and on prem technologies, develop and execute test cases and provide technical leadership to peer engineers for highly complex and critical data projects.

Responsible for designing and developing data-driven platforms and next-generation analytic technologies.

Responsibilities

Provide engineering leadership to create and enhance CI/CD pipeline to ensure Business Analysts can build, test, deploy and iterate quickly
Design and develop data ingestion frameworks leveraging Open-Source tools such as Java, Spark, Python, as well as data processing/transformation frameworks leveraging Open-Source tools
Design and develop AbInitio data applications
Building micro services based designs & solutions within the ETL data pipeline on Container Platforms (e.g Kubernetes & Open Shift)
Well verse with AWS, Cloud Platforms and experience on hybrid cloud data strategy solutions along with experience working with / in Data Warehouse teams that solve big data problems and challenges
Identify opportunities for automation and create POC's of new ideas, as well as scale them into Generic Patterns
Provide support for deployed data applications and analytical models
Develop and maintain complex front-ends focused on user experience.
Develop and maintain back-end systems.
Work with key stakeholders to design complex solutions and lead from inception to production.
Create and maintain DevOps processes, application infrastructure, and utilize cloud services (including database systems and models).
Innovate on and advocate for best practices and improved team processes.
Mentor junior team members.
Support live systems to ensure business continuity.

Qualifications You’ll Need

The Basics

Bachelor’s degree in information technology or related field
6+ years of experience in computer science, information technology or related field
In lieu of degree, 8+ years of experience in computer science, information technology or related field

Bonus Points If You Have

AWS Dev Ops Engineer or Solutions Architect Certification

2+ years of experience solving problems and implementing solutions using the AWS Cloud
Proficiency with Stream Data Platforms
Proficiency in SQL and ability to write and optimize complex queries
Working knowledge of Ab Initio or other ETL technologies, Spark/Python
Experience with IBM Workload or other scheduling services
Experience with CI/CD tools, such as Jenkins
Understanding of API architecture and capabilities
Self-starter, Engineering Mindset, Innovator & Individual Contributor, Bring ideas to whiteboard and adopt with an agile mindset.

#LI-KE

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.",3.9,"Discover
3.9","Crystal Lake, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
107,Software Engineer,"$56k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse engineering teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/

Position Summary:

As a member of the Software Engineering team, the Software Engineer will be working on a newly launched product and will help to solve complex problems in the material handling space. As a core member of our AI & Platform Division, you will work with our world-class team of engineers and scientists to build a platform for the next generation of intelligent machines. Your experience will be pivotal in advancing our mission: safe and reliable robots everywhere.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Deliver software features/functionality that increases customer value and product scalability.
Increase the agility/ software release frequency of the team and organization through code refactoring, simplification, and removal.
Review performance metrics of production fleet as a key indicator of customer experience from which to identify software product improvements.
Coordinate with cross-functional areas of expertise including hardware, firmware, platform, user experience, quality, and cloud engineering to deliver world-class customer value.
Remain up to date with developments across platform, navigation, and other robots, in order to leverage and contribute towards software innovation across all products.
What you need:
Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related field
2-4 years of experience writing C++ and python applications for Linux or embedded systems
Experience coding at an industry level with a strong background in programming constructs and idioms.
Experience designing/developing/testing/deploying/maintaining features and software releases
Experience working in large code bases of mixed Python, C++, and Python extensions
Solid understanding of design patterns, data structures, and advanced programming techniques
Experience with soft real-time and multi-threaded systems
Experience with version control systems such as git
Desire to constantly learn as well as teach others
Strong analytical skills that enable data-driven decisions and prioritization
Things that make a difference:
MS in computer science, software engineering, or a related field
Experience designing and developing robotic systems using robotics frameworks, including ROS, and existing libraries and tools
Experience with C++11 and newer
Experience with path planning, AI algorithms, navigation algorithms, or robot behavior systems a plus
Experience with continuous integration, deployment and release management tools
Experience with Agile and Scrum methodology
Proven system integration and software architecture skills
Good working knowledge of robotics and surrounding systems
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; using hands to finger, grasp, and feel; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; lift, push, carry, or pull up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employee is exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones.",3.5,"Brain Corp
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
108,Data Engineer with Top Secret,"$90k-$162k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Opportunity: Our team is seeking a talented Top Secret cleared Data Engineer to work in our NW Washington DC location.

This role supports DHS’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis (I&A). I&A is responsible for developing DHS-wide intelligence through managing the collection, analysis and fusion of intelligence throughout the entire Department. I&A disseminates intelligence throughout DHS, to the other members of the United States Intelligence Community, and to first responders at the state, local, and tribal level.
What You'll Get To Do as a Data Engineer: *
Create and maintain data pipelines and transformation flows in a cloud environment
Data management/mapping among multiple distinct data sources
Cloud management and server administration of domain services
Big Data infrastructure services and cross domain data transfer
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Active Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility
BS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline from an accredited college or university and ten (10) to fourteen (14) years of progressive experience, or an MS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline, and eight (8) to twelve (12) years of progressive experience, or a Ph.D. degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline and four (4) to seven (7) years of progressive experience.
Familiar with ETL technologies, MapReduce, JSON/XML transformations and schemas
Familiar with AngularJS
Familiar with Apache NiFi and Java (NAR) NiFi Archives
Knowledge of Amazon Web Services (AWS Cloud)
Programming languages – Java/JEE, Javascript, Python, Groovy, Shell Script
HTTP via REST and SOAP
Datastores – HDFS, MongoDB, S3, Elastic, NoSQL, RDBMS
Build and Configuration Management Tools – Maven, Ansible, Puppet
Working knowledge with public keys and digital certificates
Linux/Unix server environments
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have: *
Master’s level education
Familiarity with: jQuery, XPath, XQuery, Spark, Impala, Sqoop, Hive/Pig, Python, Gradle, Maven, PL/SQL, Unix Shell, C++/C, AngularJS, Spring, JSON, XML/XSLT/HTML, JPA/Hibernate, Spark, Accumulo, MapReduce, Storm/Kafka, HSpace, Pig, Servlet/JSP, LDAP
About OneGlobe: *
OneGlobe LLC was founded in 2005 to provide quality Information Technology solutions that exceed expectations. We focus on IT System Modernization using agile software development practices and DevSecOps to deliver intuitive and maintainable systems that we help our customers improve their processes and capabilities.

We provide full service IT solutions and have the skill to identify, plan and perform cost-saving steps throughout the system lifecycle to enhance system efficiency, while optimizing the value that we deliver to our customers. Our team has the drive and right mindset to feel ownership on the projects they work. They partner with our customers to give the extra effort sometimes required to deliver success.

We provide highly competitive benefits package to include: extensive medical/dental/vision, 7% of your annual salary toward 401(k), Paid Time Off (PTO), $5K annually toward ongoing education and training, and more. We also have monthly social and tech events!

See additional positions at: http://www.oneglobeit.com/#careers

OneGlobe is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, political affiliation or veteran status.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
NiFi: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)
Hadoop: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
ETL: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
109,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Who We Are

Encortex is a data intelligence agency in Boston, that leverages cutting-edge quantitative analysis to help blue chip firms deploy capital more efficiently. We are a small, ambitious, and diverse group of quantitative analysts, data engineers, software engineers, & digital marketers. At the heart of what we do, is the belief that we change the way our clients collect, protect, and monetize data.

Who You Are

You are a curious individual who adapts to new environments and is comfortable with change. You believe in iterative progress, failing fast, and working through issues - alone and with others - until they are complete solved. You expect to contribute to your team's success, but also to the larger Encortex community. You appreciate and reflect our core values of Precision, Curiosity, Honesty, Responsibility, Fun & Respect.

What You’ll Do

As the Senior Data Engineer, reporting to the Vice President of Engineering, you have a love of technology, efficient operations, and use the former to improve the latter.

Responsibilities
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Perform routine data analysis for business owners for the purposes of revenue optimization and discovery
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS 'big data' technologies
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into increased revenue, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics
Work with stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems
What You’ll Learn

At Encortex, you will benefit from interacting with a small team of super interesting people. You will learn how to solve problems in a community of problem solvers. You will appreciate the value of failing fast, transparent and honest communication, and working with a team that feels the same.

Requirements
1-2 years of data project leadership experience
SQL mastery, including techniques for writing efficient code over large datasets
Ability to leverage critical data-driven thinking and enthusiasm for translating data into actionable insight to generate consistently accurate and useful analysis and models
Experience with data visualization techniques and tools such as Redash, Tableau, ChartIO, etc.
Experience building and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets
Strong analytic skills
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable 'big data' data stores
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Airflow, Luigi, etc.
Experience with statistical analysis of large data sets including regression, classification and correlation
We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics or another quantitative field. They should also have experience using the following software/tools:
* Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
* Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, RDS, Redshift
* Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
* Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Scala, etc.
Encortex, LLC is an equal opportunity employer.",-1,Encortex LLC,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
110,Analytics - Senior Business Analytics Database Engineer,"$94k-$203k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Analytics - Senior Business Analytics Database Engineer (Cedar Rapids, IA)

About GreatAmerica:

GreatAmerica is a national commercial equipment finance company dedicated to helping manufacturers, vendors and dealers be more successful and keep their customers for a lifetime. While GreatAmerica has grown to more than 600 team members, our entrepreneurial spirit remains and endless opportunities lie ahead. We have experienced unparalleled year over year growth since our founding in 1992.

GreatAmerica is structured in cross functional teams that allow individuals to make informed decisions that benefit the company and our customers. There is no doubt in our minds we are building the greatest company of its kind, offering the finest products and services available anywhere. When you are part of the GreatAmerica team, you are part of the future, part of an opportunity to grow professionally and to reach your potential while enjoying your work.

Position Summary

The Senior Business Analytics Database Engineer will facilitate the design, documentation and delivery of a data platform in support of business analytics at GreatAmerica. The ideal candidate will have a passion for driving business value via data by making high quality data readily accessible for data champions throughout the enterprise for analytical purposes. This position will work closely with the information technology team in the development and implementation of data management strategies at the enterprise level that deliver consistent business definitions and data quality.

Essential Functions
Architect, implement and operate stable, scalable and highly performant data pipelines that cleanse, structure and integrate data sets from source systems and third party data structures available in a staging environment into a consumable and accessible format for end user analyses and reporting.
Migrate legacy reporting data structures to new data platform
Consult with information technology resources regarding source system data structures and changes to those structures to ensure consistent business definitions and data quality
Diagnose and resolve database access and performance issues
Support infrastructure related to analytic toolset such as Tableau
Promote the usage of data engineering and data management best practices across the enterprise
Mentor[CB2] and train team members on the appropriate usage of data marts and other data sources used in reporting and analytics.
Evolve processes and architecture by recommending new technologies.Knowledge of cloud technologies is a plus.
Promote a data driven culture throughout GreatAmerica via active participation in a data champion community utilized for knowledge and best practice sharing.

Position Qualifications

Competencies:

For all GreatAmerica team members: Honesty/Integrity, Customer Oriented, Accountability, Tenacious, Communication Skills (Oral & Written), Adaptability

For this position: Problem Solving, Systems Analysis, Self-Motivated, Technical Aptitude, Accuracy, Innovative, Detail Oriented

Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems or related field

Experience: 4-8 years of database development experience with demonstrated experience planning, designing and delivering a pipeline for analytics. Experience working in an agile development environment a plus.

Skills and Abilities

Computer Skills:
Strong experience with Microsoft SQL and ability to write efficient code
Hands on experience supporting ETL processes. Familiarity with Informatica a plus.
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, QlikView, Power BI etc.


Other Requirements:
Ability to analyze existing tools and databases and provide recommendations
Experience with data warehousing design and implementation
Experience in methodologies and processes for managing databases on premise as well as cloud solutions
Experience ensuring data quality across multiple datasets used for analytical purposes
Application Instructions

To apply for this position, please follow the online application process at www.greatamerica.com. Be sure to fully complete the form, including your resume, and complete the Predictive Index assessment.",4.3,"GreatAmerica Financial Services
4.3","Cedar Rapids, IA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
111,Senior Electrical Design Engineer,-1,"Job Description:

The successful candidate will provide Systems Engineering support to the PATRIOT Missile and Launcher Product Office, specifically in the design and development of the seeker system for the family of PAC3 Missiles. This senior-level engineer will be responsible for analyzing missile system performance using high-fidelity 6-DOF simulations, telemetry data collected during pre-flight HWIL testing, and missile telemetry data collected during live-fire flight tests. This successful candidate will have strong communication skills, working directly with the customer to concisely summarize analysis results and providing recommendations to leadership.

Basic Qualifications:

Understanding of guidance algorithms using sensor fusion and advanced decision theory, Kalman filtering, and optimal guidance laws
Expertise with radar imaging waveforms and signal processing of pulsed Doppler seekers
Experience with modeling and design of interceptor missile systems using 6-DOF simulations
Knowledge of Missile embedded Software architecture design, integration, and implementation
Proficient with computer programming using C, C++, Ada, or other computer languages
Effective communicating and collaborating on multi-discipline teams
Experience managing and leading engineering projects

Job Requirements:

Education: BS Required from an accredited course of study in Electrical, Aerospace, or Computer Engineering (MS Desired)
Experience: 10+ Years with related experience in Systems/Electrical/Aerospace Engineering
Security Clearance: Current Active Secret Clearance is required (or ability to obtain one)

Since its founding in 1978, Delta Research has grown into a mature organization providing research, technology development, engineering, and test and evaluation services to the Military and Defense Community in a wide spectrum of scientific disciplines. Our highly-qualified, diverse staff skillfully analyzes all aspects of weapon system design, development and testing in a technically correct and professional manner.",4.2,"Delta Research Inc
4.2","Huntsville, AL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
112,Senior Full Stack Ruby on Rails Engineer,-1,"See us on Chronicle 5 WCVB:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?reload=9&v=ouJBCg2aTzU

We are a fun and exciting web application and Big Data company. In order to meet an ever-increasing public demand, we are looking to hire a Lead Full Stack Ruby on Rails Engineer with outstanding web development and leadership experience. This is an exceptional opportunity for a great developer to become the lead engineer of a small, growing and profitable, venture-backed company.

Looking to make a move? This position will work from our offices in downtown Worcester, MA. (Read further about our location, below!) Relocation assistance will be offered for the right out-of-area candidate.
What You’ll Be Doing: *
Leading the incorporation of new features to our newly rearchitected and most popular product.
Serving as the Sr. developer and team lead in the technical development of our other real estate and map-based information products
Solving challenging problems working with massive datasets that include crime statistics, schools, lifestyles, neighborhoods and more
Working in an Agile environment writing code and tests you can be proud of
Keeping existing products up-to-date with the latest technologies, architectures, and standards
Advise other parts of the business on technical capabilities and options
Working alongside a nimble, cohesive engineering team
Collaborating with PhD Geographers and Statisticians to create new, disruptive products
What’s In it For You?*
Help people improve their lives, and businesses improve their bottom lines, by helping them find their ideal locations.
A casual, fun working environment, solving some of the most exhilarating Big Data problems in the industry, alongside a team that’s as passionate as you are about this stuff!
Competitive salary and great benefits (401(k), medical coverage, 4 weeks combined paid holiday and personal time each year)
Great work/life balance, with 40-45 hour work weeks the norm!
Long-term stability with a venture backed start up that is already profitable and growing
Investors include the Founders of MapQuest and CoreLogic
Required Skills & Experience: *
3-5 years designing and implementing complex, data-heavy web applications
3-5 years’ experience with Ruby on Rails and PostgreSQL / relational databases, AWS
Experience with design and building Web API development
3+ years’ front end development experience with React, HAML, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, CSS
Experience as a small team leader, tech-lead or similar role
Self-directed time management, documentation and communication skills
Proven, effective ability to work with others
To be passionate about your craft and entrepreneurial in thinking about how engineering can solve business problems
An ideal candidate would also possess: *
Data mining experience
Scaling and performance tuning of high-traffic, data-heavy sites; Mapbox/Google Maps JavaScript APIs
Our Environment*
Hand coded Rails 4 & 5, Ruby 2.3, 2.4, HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript/jQuery/React
Google Maps API, Mapbox, Amazon AWS, PostgreSQL/PostGIS
We use all of your favorite tools: JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket, GitHub, Chef, Puppet, etc.
Our Location*
Yards away from commuter rail hub, highway, pubs, restaurants and coffee shops.
5 miles in any direction and you are in quaint New England towns with nationally-ranked schools, historic charm, and great housing options (and we would know, we’re the experts!).
Company Description*
We are a small, high-end geospatial analysis Company born of university research, specializing in location-based decision-making tools: analytics, information and data. We license geospatial risk analytics and SaaS products for a host of business to business applications, and run the largest neighborhood search engine in the world, and “the most trusted source for choosing a neighborhood,” according to Money® Magazine.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Experience:
Ruby on Rails development: 3 years (Required)
PostgreSQL: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript, jQuery, React, HTML, CSS: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Day shift
8 hour shift
Company's website:
www.locationinc.com, www.neighborhoodscout.com, www.corelogic.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/locationinc/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Location, Inc. / CoreLogic","Worcester, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
113,Data Engineer,-1,"At Phantom AI, experience the fast paced environment and help the development of the next generation of autonomous vehicles. We are seeking a Data Engineer to help our visionary team through building a robust pipeline and handling terabytes of data.
You will be designing and implementing full-stack solutions for computing, storing, and presenting evaluation metrics using data gathered from vehicles. This will be a unique opportunity to both improve and implement a scalable pipeline that will be the backbone of the company.

Responsibilities
· Design, improve, and manage datasets
· Support technical design and implementation of demand planning automation projects that use these datasets
· Monitor and enforce data quality standards
· Hands-on coding, able to implement what was designed
· Familiar with architecting and designing tools, and self-motivated for documentation
· Optimize pipeline performance to reduce data lag and refresh time

Requirements
· 3+ years of experience working in data architecture or a related field
· 3+ years of Python Experience
· Web framework experience
· Experience building and optimizing data sets
· Deep understanding of data architecture best practices such as normalizing data structures, minimizing logic complexity, defining intuitive and consistent semantic layers, and eliminating redundancy
· Self-motivated and strong work ethic for continuous development with a strong sense of ownership

Preferred Skills
· Master’s degree in Computer Science or Data Science or work equivalent experience
· Experience with ROS
· Web development experience
· Hands-on experience in dev-ops best practices and implementations
· Demonstrated industry efficiency in the fields of database, data warehousing or data sciences",5.0,"Phantom AI
5.0","Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
114,DATA ENGINEER,"$59k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","DATA ENGINEER

Job Details
Job Location
Keet Health - Austin, TX
Description
Are you looking for a fast-paced company where our people are our competitive advantage? A company that fosters your entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging you to act like an owner? Do you have the passion and drive to push beyond the adequate to exceptional? Are you passionate about fixing the healthcare system? If so, you may be perfect for our open position.

Keet is a team of passionate, fun-having, taco-loving people on a mission to make healthcare experiences feel better.

At Keet, we help put humanity back into healthcare. It feels good to know that what we do ultimately contributes to a patient’s well-being. We know our clients, and our client’s patient’s want to get back to doing more of what they love, so that is the core of our culture—merging talented people doing what they love, to create products that help others do the same.

DATA ENGINEER

ROLE SUMMARY

The position of Data Engineer will help to create new reporting solutions for Keet Health’s platform, and improve current solutions. The Data Engineer position will be working with a variety of databases (MySQL, Postgres, MongoDB, etc) to be deployed in a cloud infrastructure (AWS) and made available in AWS Quicksight.
Qualifications
ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop and maintain reporting processes and ETL solutions for moving data
Develop reporting solutions for internal and external customers
Develop and maintain ETL solutions for moving data into reporting schemas
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Bachelors degree or computer science, engineering, data analytics or equivalent experience in related fields.
Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, etc) and NoSQL (Mongo, etc) databases.
Experience with scripting languages (python, scala, ruby)
Comfortable working using the command line (Bash, etc)
Experience with cloud server architectures (AWS, Azure)
Experience with Linux.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Must have 5+ years using SQL, and NoSQL database
Must have 3+ years experience working as a data engineer
Must have skills in linux, Bash, cloud infrastructure, docker, mobile development, analytics,
Must have experience using git, and worked in an agile development environment
Must have familiarity with AWS data technologies such as Glue, Redshift, S3, and other big da-ta technologies
Nice to have medical industry experience.
Nice to have Java experience.
Nice to have experience with AWS Glue, Athena, and QuickSight.
OUR CORE VALUES
• Collaboration: We're continuously learning how to work together, better.
• Heart: We've got it, and we're not afraid to show it.
• Innovation: We are lifelong learners.
• Service: We’re here to serve.
• Humility: We're humans, and we come from dirt.

PERKS

(We’ve got them).

Keet offers a competitive benefits package with fully-paid medical benefits, unlimited PTO, company hosted lunches, happy hours, and special events.

We have a flexible work from home policy dependent upon productivity and ability to communicate effectively. Oh, and we have snacks. Our office is located in the hip south river district of Austin, TX in the heart of Austin weirdness.

Keet is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.",3.0,"Clinicient
3.0","Austin, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
115,Principal Data Engineer,"$116k-$210k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As Principal Data Engineer, you will be a founding member of the newly emerging Data Intelligence team at Absolute Software, responsible for building out and maintaining the data architecture subsuming the intelligence and data science function of the organization. Your colleagues are engineers, developers, and data scientists with backgrounds in computer science, statistics, and other related quantitative disciplines.

Working closely with engineering, data product, and business groups, your job is to build out scalable data pipelines and infrastructure to service the broader data intelligence team, as well as any stakeholders in the business who may benefit from a centralized, well-maintained, and well-organized data architecture toolset. We work to satisfy our internal stakeholders and our external customers. Your role will blend knowledge of big data pipelines and large table staging to develop containerized services and automations in cloud environments. Absolute Software operates on a cross-functional team model, and you will interface closely with everyone from full stack engineers and statistical modelers to data intelligence and business analysts.

Responsibilities will include:
Designing, developing, and maintaining a big data pipeline and cloud computing architecture and tool set
Harvesting, transforming, and staging large data tables for consumption by other data intelligence, data science, and business intelligence resources
Taking the lead on various big data projects
Guiding the integration of custom data solutions into more broadly automated production processes as necessary
Assisting with the recruitment and hiring of new Data Engineers (as resourcing and business growth allows)
Communicating team progress and milestones with product and business units in an effective and consistent way
Skills and Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree (Master’s preferred) in computer science or related discipline and superlative technical skills
4-6 years of direct experience working on a team of Software Engineers, Data Engineers, and/or Data Scientists
Experience working with big data pipelines, large data sets, and cloud computing resources, such as AWS or Google Cloud
Hive, Spark, and/or Scala experience preferred
Experience developing and running containerized services, using messaging queues and/or other components of message-oriented middleware
Strong Python programming
Why Work For Us

Headquartered in Vancouver, Canada with international offices in San Jose - CA, Boulder - CO, Ankeny –IA, Austin - TX, Reading - UK and Ho Chi Minh City - Vietnam, Absolute serves as the benchmark for Endpoint Resilience, ensuring connectivity, visibility and control, independent of the operating system – embedded in more than a billion endpoints, we empower devices to recover automatically from any state to a secure operational state without user intervention. Our unique value supports our aspirational journey - to become the World’s Most Trusted Security Company. Nothing short of bold, and nothing less than achievable for this team. Whether it’s our commitment to the cybersecurity industry, our customers, or to one another, we are relentless about protecting people’s devices and the sensitive information found on them. And those common goals foster a work environment where collaboration, big ideas and world-class execution are rewarded with success through our mantra of One Team | One Number. At Absolute, we incorporate the ideals of Resilience in all we do to safeguard our customers’ data and information, so they can focus on saving lives, fighting fraud, moving markets and protecting passengers, to name a few. Our innovation journey has blossomed from within, so we foster that mindset by investing in our employees – fueling our employee’s creative expression, and resulting in our own cyber capabilities. Our momentum is palpable – Forbes noticed too and recognized Absolute as one of the top-10 cybersecurity companies to watch in 2019 and 2020. The New Reality of Remote Work and Distance Learning has further connected our teams and our passion to drive to solve our customers challenges. We pride ourselves on our agile, high energy culture that rewards exceptional achievements and the contributions of those passionate about our collective growth and success. We also respect the need for downtime and believe in a sound work / life balance, reflected in our ‘Take What You Need’ vacation policy and our annual employee retreat where it’s all about friends and family. To learn more about Absolute, visit our website at www.absolute.com or visit our YouTube channel.

Absolute is an equal opportunity employer.",4.0,"Absolute
4.0","Denver, CO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
116,Data Engineer,"$96k-$172k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WorldQuant develops and deploys systematic financial strategies across a variety of asset classes and global markets. We seek to produce high-quality trading signals (Alphas) through our proprietary research platform to employ trading strategies focused on exploiting market inefficiencies. Our teams work collaboratively to drive the production of Alphas and financial strategies the foundation of a sustainable, global trading platform.

Technologists at WorldQuant research, design, code, test and deploy projects while working collaboratively with researchers and portfolio managers. Our environment is relaxed yet intellectually intense. Our teams are lean and agile, which means rapid prototyping of products with immediate user feedback. We seek people who think in code, aspire to solve undiscovered computer science challenges and are motivated by being around like-minded people. In fact, of the 600 employees globally, approximately 500 of them code on a daily basis.

WorldQuants success is built on a culture that pairs academic sensibility with accountability for results. Employees are encouraged to think openly about problems, balancing intellectualism and practicality. Great ideas come from anyone, anywhere. Employees are encouraged to challenge conventional thinking and possess a mindset of continuous improvement. Thats a key ingredient in remaining a leader in any industry. Our goal is to hire the best and the brightest engineers. We value intellectual horsepower first and foremost, and people who demonstrate an exceptional talent. There is no roadmap to future success, so we need people who can help us create it. Our collective intelligence will drive us there.

The Role:

Design and implement software to facilitate data integration with trading and simulating systems
Adopt new technologies to improve existing frameworks of data flow and monitoring
Implement and maintain software that interface with external vendors to bring in new data sets
Implement the rules and procedures that ensure integrity in data sets
Provide second level support to production support team regarding market data issues
Collect and analyze statistics on market data applications and devise approaches to improve the relevant processes
Design and implement systems that track and manage data availability, access and usage
What Youll Bring:

Degree in a quantitative or technical discipline from a top university and strong academic scores
Interest in applying technology to real situations, comfortable working in a fast-paced environment, detail-oriented and capable of performing tasks under pressure
Demonstrated experience with C++ or other object oriented languages
Experience with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, and shell scripting; Interface with database (such as MySQL)
Possess strong trouble shooting and problem solving skills
Ability to work independently and as member of a team
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Have experience working under a Linux environment, familiar with Vim or Emacs for editing files under the command line
Copyright © 2020 WorldQuant, LLC. All Rights Reserved. WorldQuant is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation or preference, age, marital status, citizenship, national origin, disability, military status, genetic predisposition or carrier status, or any other protected characteristic as established by applicable law.",4.1,"WorldQuant
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
117,Software Engineer,"$48k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About SugarCRM, Inc.
SugarCRM is a customer experience (CX) leader enabling businesses to create profitable customer relationships by delivering highly relevant, personalized experiences throughout the customer journey. We empower companies to strengthen existing customer relationships, create new ones through actionable insights and intelligent automation and better understand the customer at every stage of the journey. This enables businesses to accelerate demand generation, grow revenue, deliver superior customer care and increase loyalty. Our easy-to-use, intuitive platform makes customer experience easy and accessible for everyone, allowing marketing, sales and services professionals to focus on high-impact, value-adding activities that create customers for life.

As an Integration Engineer you will play a critical role in connecting Sugar’s Marketing platform to its many partners and data sources, helping to architect the underlying frameworks that facilitate the exchange of data. In addition to integrations with leading CRMs and other marketing data sources you’ll work on challenging pipelines connecting the marketing platform with our ever-growing customer base. You have a high attention to detail, and like being the swiss army knife in a technical role.
Impact you will make in the role:
Design and develop integrations to CRMs, social media platforms, etc.
Design and implement custom integrations to the Sugar Marketing platform
Contribute to the overall architecture of Sugar Marketing integration platform and layered frameworks
Develop applications written in Microsoft .NET framework / C#
Invest in automated testing and surrounding best practices
Develop microservices and associated APIs
Provide engineering support for existing integrations as an escalation path from support
Expertise you will bring in:
2-4 years of experience with Microsoft .NET development
Experience integrating with third-party APIs using both SOAP and RESTful approaches
Strong familiarity with object-oriented principles, design patterns, and SOLID principles
Experience with .NET Core and C# development over Linux as well as Windows
Experience with event frameworks (Kafka, Kinesis, RabbitMQ, etc.)
Exposure to Agile methodologies
Experience with package management (nuget, myget)
Working experience with AWS, and Server Management
High attention to detail and quality-driven development mentality
Experience with automated unit testing highly desired
Excellent written and verbal communication skills including the ability to interact directly with customers
Exceptional problem solving and resolution skills
Innate drive, self-motivation and work ethic
BS/MS in Computer Science (or related) or equivalent work experience
We understand that no candidate is perfectly qualified for any job. Experience comes in different forms; many skills are transferable; and passion goes a long way. Even more important than your resume is a clear demonstration of dedication, impact, and the ability to thrive in a fluid and collaborative environment. We want you to learn new things in this role, and we encourage you to apply if your experience is close to what we’re looking for. We also know that diversity of background and thought makes for better problem solving and more creative thinking, which is why we're dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team.
Benefits and Perks:
Beyond a stellar work environment, friendly people, and inspiring work, we have some great benefits and perks:

- Excellent medical, dental and vision coverage for you and your family, along with other benefit plans including 401(k) match
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- Wellness Reimbursement Program
- Onsite Programs, depending on location, such as Dry Cleaning, Car Washes, Massage, Yoga, and more
- Career & Personal Development Program – multi-platform
- Regular social events
- Ownership is the greatest self-identity at SugarCRM - you are making an immediate impact
- We are a merit-based company - many opportunities to learn, excel and grow your career",3.7,"SugarCRM
3.7","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
118,Senior Data Engineer,"$89k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Guild, you'll work across teams to help us build the next generation of data products. You'll work with world class data engineers to design and build the scalable, robust, and high-quality data infrastructure and data pipelines needed to support growth of our education network and SaaS platform. Ultimately, you'll help change the landscape for how we think about delivering education products to learners across the country by building a digital solution that connects students, employers, and universities to deliver education at an affordable price to students.

A day in our open, collaborative workspace might look like:
Designing, building, and expanding Guild's backend data infrastructure, including data pipelines, ETL, data ingestion, data APIs, and data warehouses
Building APIs that can be used internally or externally to serve crucial information across systems, partners, and teams
Translating complex business requirements into usable, scalable data models and systems
Mentoring other engineers and analysts on the team and sharing technical knowledge to enable others to be more effective at their jobs
In this role, you'll expand your expertise by:
Evolving our data products now and in the future by contributing to our backend data architecture
Working in an agile team environment with a high performing engineering team
Taking on a cross-functional role that will expose you to the ins and outs of Guild (working with our Product, Design, Client Success, and Student Services teams)
Receiving feedback through our learning-focused, twice annual Structured Growth Conversations
You'll know if you're successful by:
Choosing and leveraging the latest technologies in data engineering to automate data integration and loading, such as, Amazon Redshift, Redis, Java, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Python, S3 and PostgreSQL
Leveraging your experience to design solutions that will be the backbone of a highly scalable, reusable, backend data infrastructure
Ensuring our data is clean, accurate, and secure
Thriving in fast-paced and scaling environment
You'll join a team:
From diverse backgrounds – from traditional higher education, to athletic coaches, to politicians, to mental health professionals (and more!)
Of learners & problem-solvers dedicated to our dual mission of changing education in America while building a successful, high-growth company
Committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment that you'd support every day
What you'll add to Guild – as an individual and part of the broader team:
Experience building data pipelines, custom ETL processes and data warehouses
Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, or Scala
Expertise in database technologies such as Redshift, PostgreSQL, Redis, and working with large sets of data
Experience deploying solutions to cloud technology services such as Amazon Web Services
Experience improving software products through engineering best practices such as refactoring, reusability, TDD and continuous integration
A proven ability to thrive in changing environments by having a fast, flexible, cooperative work style
Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively explain technical concepts to other engineers, analysts, product managers, and stakeholders.
Experience with BI tools such as Looker, Tableau, Kibana, Chart.io, etc.
Basic experience in statistical analysis, text processing, and machine learning
Passion for higher education and our mission – Guild is pioneering a new path for education as a benefit in a complicated and regulated space – success means quickly and effectively adapting your expertise
A drive to work hard and plan for how you can refresh/recharge while working in a startup
Something else? Wonderful, we're curious to learn more about you!
About Guild:

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.5,"Guild Education
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
119,Senior Full-Stack Engineer,"$66k-$113k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are

WillowTree is an award-winning digital product agency driven by innovation and grounded in strategy and user-centered design. We create long-term partnerships with the world's leading brands to design and build digital flagship products crucial to their core business. We are one of the largest independent digital firms in the US. Some of our clients include HBO, National Geographic, Anheuser-Busch, and PepsiCo.

The Opportunity

As a Senior Full-Stack Engineer at WillowTree, you'll have the opportunity to impact teammates throughout various stages of their careers. You'll have clear oversight of how engineering runs day-to-day and will influence project outcomes.

We understand our responsibility to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive place within the tech industry, while pushing to make our industry more representative. Because of this responsibility, we need candidates who value diversity and inclusion through their work, team collaboration, or mentorship. So in your cover letter, we encourage you to reflect on diversity, equity, and inclusion.
This is not a remote position and may require some travel. Currently, all team members are working from home until our offices reopen.
Responsibilities
Lead the delivery of large and complex software projects from beginning to end in a team-based environment
Confidently deliver high-quality software by applying critical thinking to products, requirements, and processes
Work closely with clients to influence technical product decisions and business goals
You'll stay up to date with the landscape of software engineering best practices, tools, and frameworks
Understanding of various software architectures and can adapt and compose solutions to unique problems with sustainable and reusable solutions
Mentor a larger team towards shared goals and outcomes
Navigate difficult conversations by providing constructive feedback to teams and clients
You'll identify obstacles to ensure quality, improve our user experience and how we build software
Self-aware of limitations, yet curious to learn new solutions and receptive to constructive feedback from teammates
You'll guide your team to understand and work through changing priorities by bringing positive energy
Communicate and simplify complex problems in order to foster understanding across multidisciplinary teams
Apply your knowledge and findings at an organizational scale
You'll travel onsite to meet with our clients about one week per month
Qualifications
Able to evaluate and articulate which framework to use for a particular project
Can articulate how users perceive performance and how to optimize their needs
Understanding of the pros and cons of server-side and client-side rendering
Experience as a technical leader to a team of web developers that have built and delivered a large web application
Built and deployed complex software at scale involving at least one of our core technologies (iOS, Android, Web Apps, API Engineering)
Owned and led the delivery of major features and components
Worked with clients and stakeholders (consulting experience, ability to have difficult conversations or solve and advocate for best practices)
Empathetic to client needs and desire to contribute sound recommendations on technical architecture and design
Leadership or mentorship experience
Can present complex ideas to clients and team members in a compelling and energetic way
Proficiency using, modifying, and creating development tools that foster efficiency and improve process
You consider 'big picture' perspectives and can successfully balance business goals and technical constraints
Bonus Points
You've conducted interviews and have hired for your team
Expertise with advanced automation tools (e.g. virtualization, machine learning-based testing, massive parallelization)
Basic understanding of how to design RESTful APIs that are optimized for responsive, interactive mobile experiences
Appreciation of pixel-perfect UI implementations
A list of emerging technologies we're interested in: Big Data, Machine Learning, Voice, AR/VR, Security Background, and IoT
You have code samples or a GitHub account to share and while you're there, check us out!

Even if you don't have expertise in all of the qualifications listed, we value new perspectives and backgrounds and encourage you to apply. We're committed to building a diverse company that reflects the diversity of our users. We're committed to growth-mindset.

Why WillowTree?

We offer a place to be yourself.

Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. That's why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. You'll work hard here; however, we'll balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. We're committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.

We want you to reach your fullest potential and part of your professional development at WillowTree will include dedicated time to innovate on passion projects and an annual stipend to fund your professional pursuits.

WillowTree celebrates our differences and provides equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that it's important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.",4.9,"WillowTree
4.9","Charlottesville, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
120,Data Engineer,"$98k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ibotta is looking for a Data Engineer to build something great with us. As part of the Data Services team, you will work with both Engineering and Analytics to develop and own stable, scalable, and forward-thinking data-driven processes. We're looking for a self-motivated engineer who has a passion for working with an event-based architecture heavily leveraging AWS cloud tools. The data engineering team is core to driving and delivering the current and future data, analytics, and decisioning platforms across Ibotta.

Here is what you'll be doing:
Embrace and uphold Ibotta's Core Values: Integrity, Boldness, Outhustle, Teamwork, Transparency & A good idea can come from anywhere
Work with engineering, analytics, and product management to implement and support event-driven processes
Be a key contributor in the engineering of distributed systems, frameworks, and design patterns of BI and Data Science/Machine Learning
Use Scala, Java, or Python to utilize Hadoop/Spark to collect and analyze large-scale datasets
Design, implement and maintain distributed messaging systems
Build, monitor, and maintain data ETL pipelines
Help manage Data Governance and Security
Administer and maintain our data infrastructure
Mentor junior data engineers in principles and best practices
Share relevant knowledge and evangelize Data Engineering with Platform and Analytics teams
Here is what we're looking for:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field or equivalent work experience
2+ years of experience in software development, preferably with Scala, Java, or Python
1-2+ years of experience working in the Hadoop ecosystem, using tools such as Hive, Spark, or Pig
Proven expertise in taking data projects from ideation to implementation
Some experience with event-driven architecture design patterns and practices
Experience in database design and architecture principles, and strong SQL abilities
Experience with the following a strong plus:
AWS Cloud Services, like EC2, EMR, RDS, or Redshift
Experience with Python, Hadoop, Hive, and Spark (either PySpark or Scala)
Message Brokers such as Kafka or Kinesis
ETL tools and processes (Airflow or other similar tools)
Agile (Kanban or Scrum) development experience
About Us:

Headquartered in Denver, CO, Ibotta (""I bought a..."") is a free mobile shopping and payments app that has delivered more than $675 million in cumulative cash rewards to its users for making purchases in-store, on mobile apps, or via websites. Launched in 2012, Ibotta has more than 35 million downloads and has become one of the most frequently used shopping apps in the United States. The Ibotta platform provides cash back on purchases at more than 1,500 leading brands and hundreds of retailer partners. In 2019, Ibotta launched its payments solution, Pay with Ibotta™, enabling shoppers to pay for their entire purchase through the Ibotta app and instantly earn cash back. Ibotta was named to the 2019 Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in the U.S., after debuting on the list in 2018. The company recently became the first mobile consumer technology company in Colorado to achieve $1B in valuation.

Learn more about Ibotta here: https://liferewarded.ibotta.com/press-and-media/

Additional Details:
This position is located in Denver, CO and includes competitive pay, benefits package (including medical, dental, vision), 401k, and equity.
Ibotta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Ibotta's employment decisions are made without regard with race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
For the security of our employees and the business, all employees are responsible for the secure handling of data in accordance with our security policies, identifying and reporting phishing attempts, as well as reporting security incidents to the proper channels.",3.6,"Ibotta
3.6","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
121,Database Engineer,"$69k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Program Overview


CACI provides information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACIs DMLSS/LogiCole team, based in Fort Detrick, MD, is working with the Defense Health Agency Solution Delivery Division on a large multi-year program to become a world class leader in health information technology solutions and integration. Our group is looking for strong technical team members to join us in this journey! Join this passionate team of industry-leading individuals supporting the development of custom business processes and Group Purchasing functionality to support Veterans Administration use of DMLSS/LogiCole.

The system provides a web based users interface using Angular 6 as the JavaScript framework. In this tier, you will participate with a team of technical and business staff to design a modern, easy to use web interface. This tier is then backed by a restful business tier based on a microservice architecture. You may be involved in infrastructure development as well as focused microservice design, development, and implementation to satisfy direct functional needs.

Our backing data sources are a document-based storage solution (currently MongoDB), with Oracle as a relational database component, Elasticsearch as a search indexing technology, and Hadoop for larger data / reporting needs. You will work with the data architects and database engineers to design the schemas and to persist the relevant java objects into the database technologies
Required Skills and Experience
Bachelors Degree and eight + years related experience
Experience with Python 2 and 3
Experience with JavaScript (especially server side like node.js)
Programming experience with Oracle 11/12/18/19 and to include extensive use of PL/SQL.
Strong ANSI compliant SQL skills
Security+ CE or similar certification to meet DoD 8570/8140 IAT Level II.
Favorable NACLC background investigation (Must be obtainable)
Desired Skills and Experience
Experience developing for MongoDB, PostgreSQL and/or ElasticSearch
Python experience with PySpark, PyArrow, NumPy, and/or Pandas
Experience with Kafka, preferably Confluent.io platform
Experience with AWS EMR and Redshift
Web server technologies including Apache HTTPD, NGINX, IIS
Experience leading a team
Experience with Java Enterprise Edition
What We Can Offer You:

Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success
Job Location

US-Fort Detrick-MD-FT. DETRICK

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Fort Detrick, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
122,Azure Cloud Engineer,-1,"Job Title
Azure Cloud Engineer - Austin, TX

18-Aug-2020

Job Description

We engineer success. Tokyo Electron U.S. Holdings, Inc. is the holding company of TEL’s U.S. subsidiaries. We oversee the intensely innovative development and production of cutting-edge products that are used globally in the electronics industry. Our employees work closely with chip manufacturers, material suppliers, and other equipment suppliers to pursue common goals and learn collectively in a pre-competitive manner, ensuring timely solutions to the technology roadmap of the semiconductor industry.

Azure Cloud Engineer

Position Summary:
Develop and build a robust Microsoft Azure cloud architecture
Architect, plan, design, and migrate on-premises workloads to Microsoft Azure
Administer and maintain existing high-availability Microsoft Azure cloud infrastructure
Maintain, monitor and support all high-availability VMware clusters in on-premises data centers
Responsibilities:
Administration, implementation, and maintenance leveraging technologies, tools and infrastructure such as Windows Server, PowerShell, O365 connectivity tools/scripts, Azure AD, Azure AD Connect, Exchange and Exchange Online, Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) farms, and MS MFA
Manage the design, deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, upgrade and support of all Azure and VMware systems in the enterprise
Benchmark, analyze, and report on the Azure, Windows and VMware infrastructure and systems
Manage the design, deployment, monitoring, maintenance, development, upgrade and support of all Windows servers, hardware, software and peripherals
Work closely with other departments to identify, recommend, implement, and support cost-effective technology solutions in a project-oriented environment
Work through daily help desk ticket queue of system requests
Keep current with the latest technologies; willing to accept future training and certification
Primary technologies include: MS Azure, VMware ESXi 6.7, VMware vCenter, vSphere replication, VMware SRM, and vRealize; Microsoft Server Operating Systems administration - Server 2008, 2012, 2016, 2019; Microsoft Active Directory and SQL Server; Strong Exchange 2007/2010/0365 administration skills; Cisco HyperFlex hyperconverged and edge infrastructure; Secondary storage for disk based backup / recovery / replication using Cohesity or other similar product preferred; DellEMC PowerEdge servers with direct attached and Equalogics iSCSI and Compellent fiber-channel storage.
Qualifications:
4-6 years of system administration experience on MS Windows platforms is required
BS degree in related field is preferred or 4 years experience in lieu of.degree HS diploma is required.
Experience in building cloud solutions within the Microsoft Azure architecture and governance
Expertise in designing and implementing Microsoft Azure solutions including compute, network, storage, and security
Expert knowledge of All Microsoft operating systems, MS Windows architecture and system level resources
Proficient in PowerShell, Bash Script and Container Based deployments
Experience with Active Director
Advanced experience and knowledge of IT operations, including networking, virtualization, security, business continuity, and disaster recovery
VMware and Microsoft certifications strongly preferred
Strong technical knowledge of current network principles, protocols and standards
Proven experience in IT infrastructure planning, performance monitoring and development
Must have experience building and configuring systems (hardware, software, file systems)
Proven analytical, evaluative and problem-solving abilities
Excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skills
Highly self-motivated, directed with keen attention to detail and strong sense of ownership
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks with minimal supervision
Exceptional customer service orientation
Extensive experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Ability to effectively collaborate with national corporate IT groups
Experience with hardware installation and maintenance
Experience working in data center and cloud environments
On-call availability as needed for support of production systems
Travel requirement -
Who is TEL? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYWqHuFs-Zk&t=3s

Equal Opportunity Employer/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans

State/Province
TX

City
Austin

Subsidiary
Tokyo Electron U.S. Holdings, Inc.",4.0,"Tokyo Electron America
4.0","Austin, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1963,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
123,Space RCO - Space Vehicle System Engineer SME,"$59k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

MTSI is searching for a highly skilled Space Vehicle System Engineer (SVSE) System Matter Expert (SME) to support development of first-of-kind space vehicles and missions. This handpicked candidate must possess technical expertise and experience with developing, designing, building, and integrating space hardware and software. In this position, you will provide System Engineering Technical Assistance (SETA) to the Space Rapid Capabilities Office (SpRCO). The SpRCO program office, located at Kirtland AFB, NM, is a small, streamlined organization with dedicated, organic acquisition support functions: contracting, financial management, human resources, security, program management and technical engineering support that are critical in enabling the rapid response required for classified space programs. The mission is to develop and deliver operationally dominant space capabilities at the speed of warfighting relevance in response to Commander, U.S. Space Command requirements. A successful candidate should be a leader and problem solver with a proven ability to deliver superior results as part of a high performing team in a high-profile, fast-paced environment.

Why is MTSI known as a Great Place to Work?

Interesting Work: Our co-workers support some of the most important and critical programs to our national defense and security.
Values: Our first core value is that employees come first. We challenge our co-workers to provide the highest level of support and service and reward them with some of the best benefits in the industry.
100% Employee Ownership: We have a stake in each other's success and the success of our customers. It's also nice to know what's going on across the company; we have company wide town-hall meetings three times a year.
Great Benefits:
Start at 20 days PTO/year + 10 holidays/year
Flexible schedules
6% 401k match with immediate vesting
Semi-annual bonus eligibility (July and December)
Company funded Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) - a separate qualified retirement account
Up to $10,000 in annual tuition reimbursement
Optional zero deductible Blue Cross/Blue Shield health insurance plan
Other company funded benefits
Track Record of Success: We have grown every year since our founding in 1993.

For additional company information, please visit: www.mtsi-va.com

Responsibilities:

You will work in a small, highly empowered team where every team member is directly responsible for the success of the program. Engineering responsibilities span technology domains including space rated hardware, software, sensors, and processors in an extremely fast-paced, responsive development environment. This SETA candidate will provide in-depth background on satellite vehicle bus and/or subsystems to improve program office insight into state-of-the art IC, DoD, commercial and legacy space vehicle systems, and C2 requirements and capabilities. You must apply advanced principles, theories, and concepts for highly classified systems, while also effectively communicating complex results with management and executive leadership.

Supports design, interpretation, and analysis of technical solutions to complex projects
Leads or supports technical programs, projects, or tasks whose technical complexity requires engineering oversight
Ensures completion of programs, projects, or tasks within estimated time frames and budget constraints
Provides input to the government customer concerning risks to performance, schedule, and budget due to either proposed contractor plans or contractor's execution of accepted plans
Ensure the quality of the program, project, or task deliverables meet or exceed standards or metrics and assesses such deliverables to ensure that the final deliverables will meet the warfighting purpose for which they are intended
Plans and performs engineering research, design development, and other engineering assignments in conformance with the design, engineering, and customer specifications
Responsible for the overall technical/engineering portions of major projects or programs
Coordinates with multiple partners/agencies to ensure system engineering communities support delivery milestones
Tracks and advises design trades and associated cost, schedule, and technical impacts to requirements
Initiates, supervises, and/or develops requirements from a project’s inception to conclusion for complex to extremely complex programs
Provides strategic advice, technical guidance and expertise to program and project staff
Provides detailed analysis, evaluation and recommendations for improvements, optimization development and/or maintenance efforts for client specific or mission critical challenges/issues
Consults with client to define need or problem
Supervises studies and leads surveys to collect and analyze data to provide advice and recommend solutions
Communicate clearly, concisely, and with technical accuracy—oral and written
Other duties as required
Qualifications:
Minimum fifteen (15) years DoD/IC, or relevant industry work experience
Exceptional and/or unique qualifications in development and fielding satellite systems
Understanding of space operational environment and corresponding mission user needs
Knowledge of space system engineering, development, and manufacturing
Experience in DoD program management including program development and transition
Experience with Integrated Master Schedules, and risk management
Experience with Statements of Work (SOW) and Performance Work Statements (PWS)

Qualifications Desired:

Ten (10) years of relevant DoD and/or Industry work experience with SAP/RSV and/or SCI; recent CI polygraph
System Engineering Technical Assistance (SETA) to Government program office
Experience with RF and/or laser SATCOM
Experience with rapid prototyping
Experience with integrated air, space and cyberspace capabilities
Experience developing, deploying, and maintaining ground mission planning architecture and software
Experience with ACAT I/II level acquisition programs
Experience in planning and executing test campaigns for space systems
Fluency with IC organizations

Education Requirements:

An applicable engineering degree from a program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) or possess a Professional Engineering license
Relevant MA/MS/ME degree

Clearance Requirements:

Active TOP SECRET clearance with sensitive compartmentalized information (SCI) and special access program (SAP) eligibility (no less than 5 years total SAP and/or SCI environment experience, with 1-year total within last 5 years) and willingness to submit to a Counter-Intelligence polygraph
Candidate must maintain a TS/SCI clearance as a condition of employment

Travel Requirements: Full-time, on site in vicinity of Kirtland AFB, NM, and will require travel up to 30% of time within the continental United States

Relocation Approved: Yes

Tags: Space RCO, Space Systems Engineering, Mission Systems, Engineering, Acquisition Management, Program Management, Ground Systems, SATCOM, Test and Evaluation, Albuquerque, Air Force, Space Force, Space Development, Space Dynamics, Orbital Analysis, Operations Research

Please Note: U.S. Citizenship is required for this position.

#LI-MR1

#mtsi",4.9,"Modern Technology Solutions, Inc.
4.9","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
124,Software Engineer,-1,"Are you a talented software engineer who wants to work on a unique product with a critical mission? Ntrepid is looking for an experienced engineer to join our team building a growing internet data collection platform. You will play a key role in developing new features, fixing bugs, and cultivating an in-depth knowledge of modern web technologies. This position requires strong problem-solving skills and a fascination for learning how the internet works from IP addresses to streaming video and everything in between.
This product directly supports customer missions as a key tool used by end-users to achieve sophisticated objectives. You’ll join a small agile team that believes in continuous delivery, rigorous testing, and implementing industry-standard practices in service of a product with a direct impact on our customer’s mission.

Work with a small team on building a new system focused on implementing key features defined by our agile process while maintaining and improving reliability and stability
Develop, research, and maintain internet data collection standards and best practices
Develop and maintain product codebase including REST APIs in Python, VueJS SPA, and integration with myriad AWS services
Contribute automated tests
Work with QA to ensure quality standards are met
Work with team to troubleshoot and fix issues in all environments

U.S. Citizenship required
Ability to obtain/maintain security clearance
Degree in Computer Science or related field
5+ years of software engineering experience
Exceptional problem-solving skills
Ability to work independently and curiosity for solving challenging technical problems
Experience with online data mining, and automated data collection techniques and strategies
Working knowledge of web application protocols, especially HTTP and TLS
Experience developing enterprise web applications using modern frameworks with contemporary software design patterns
Experience with at least one popular language used for developing enterprise-level services (Python, Java, C#, etc.) and object-oriented features of that language
Preferred experience with JavaScript and at least one modern front-end development framework (Vue, React, etc.)
Experience developing and using REST APIs
Experience with an ORM and principles of relational database table design
Experience writing automated tests
Experience using AWS services, especially those related to enterprise web application hosting
Experience with Linux environments and comfort with CLI
Experience with or desire to learn Docker",4.1,"Ntrepid
4.1",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
125,Senior Data Analytics Engineer,"$65k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Data Analytics Engineer
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Uncover your full potential in a collaborative environment where you'll design, develop and deliver custom solutions to big challenges. And you'll be doing it for a proven industry leader that runs one of the largest e-commerce sites in the U.S.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
As part of Uline's data analytics engineering team, work closely with business customers in the development of our new enterprise analytics platform.
Leverage industry-leading integration and analytics tools to build a modern data warehouse that is accurate, reliable, high performing and easily accessible to our business departments.
Be responsible for the full life cycle of development, from requirements gathering through ETL coding and report/dashboard design and creation.
Work with business users to establish reporting and analytic requirements.
Translate business requirements into ETL and report specifications.
Provide technical and business knowledge support to the team.
Compile ad-hoc data and report requests.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in IT or related major.
5+ years related experience.
Excellent knowledge of data design, SQL and data warehousing.
Knowledge of IBM Cognos BI a plus.
Strong knowledge of Microsoft BI technology (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS).
Available for travel to Uline's domestic and international branches.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

Unfortunately, Uline is unable to offer US work sponsorship at this time.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-TE1
#CORP",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Northbrook, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
126,Data Engineer,"$64k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Data Engineer, you will have the unique opportunity to curate and organize data for a program advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This aim of this program is to discover and curate data as well as develop and curate synthetic data. Then, we will develop machine learning (ML) models and training pipelines to detect and discern features in scenes. Finally, we will inject obfuscations into the data to fool the models.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos (DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you, and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Engineer will be responsible for the following:
Assess, transform, organize, and optimize data for use by machine learning algorithms
Generating representative data sets for systems development and data science initiatives
Build data pipelines that enables data scientists and engineers and other stakeholders

Requirements
TS/SCI clearance required
4+ years of experience designing data models and data warehouses supporting analytics, using both relational and non-relational distributed data storage systems
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining ETL pipelines. Bonus points for experience with Apache Beam
Demonstrated experience working with Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data
Demonstrated experience with large-scale distributed processing
Experience building data pipelines in ML frameworks. Kubeflow experience is desired
Experience working in a fast-paced agile environment is a plus
Familiarity with machine and deep learning libraries such as Scikit-learn and PyTorch.
Experience in a high-level programing language, such as Java, Python or GoLang
Demonstrated proficiency with Git version control systems
Experience working in Linux environments
We're looking for a motivated Data Engineer eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes person growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment

#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
127,Analytics Engineer,-1,"What You’ll Do:
Model and analyze data
Interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets and translate them into product, marketing, and financial insights
Leverage various data warehouses, ETL tools and BI platforms for client projects
Maintain deliverables, projects, and timelines for your client engagements
Communicate findings clearly to a broad range of stakeholders
Refactor SQL code
Our Technologies:
AWS: SES, RDS (MySQL), EC2, Elasticsearch Service, Route 53, VPC, etc
Snowflake
Alooma
Fivetran
DBT
Airflow
Snowshu
Looker
HEALTH UNION REALLY IS THE BEST PLACE TO WORK

Health Union is a dynamic company that’s growing at a fast pace. To us, the most important part of managing fast growth is maintaining our culture. But don’t just take our word for it: Philly.com, Philadelphia Business Journal, and MM&M have all named Health Union a “best place to work”--and we take pride in living up to that hype every day. At Health Union:
We cultivate a fun, family-friendly work environment that values inclusion, community, excellence, and transparency.
We work hard, play hard and in the process, form close-knit relationships that breed an authentic, respectful culture of teaching and learning.
All team members - from executives to managers to people in entry-level positions - sit together in an open office and enjoy a fully integrated, collaborative and supportive work environment.
All team members enjoy free personal training classes, a full supply of La Colombe coffee, frequent on-site social events, Summer Fridays, and regular complimentary family-style lunches.
Full-time team members are immediately eligible for comprehensive health benefits, FSA for transit, parking, and dependent care, as well as PTO, paid parental leave, and paid holidays.
Health Union is the only digital health company that continuously works to bring people together by evolving social interactions into meaningful health conversations through a growing portfolio of online health communities. Every day, Health Union encourages engagement that helps millions of people with chronic conditions find the information, connection and validation they seek. Learn more at www.health-union.com.

EEO Statement: We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, age, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

To comply with federal law, Health Union participates in E-Verify. Successful candidates must pass the E-Verify process after hire.

Applicants must be legally eligible to work in the U.S for any employer. This job is not eligible for visa sponsorship.

This is a full-time position, located at Health Union offices in Philadelphia (Center City). Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

*Candidates only. No direct calls or emails. No recruiters/agencies, please.",4.6,"Health Union
4.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
128,Senior Data Engineer,"$115k-$120k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Engineer is responsible for developing, managing and optimizing our data pipelines, architecture, and datasets using Amazon Web Services. He or she will work alongside the developers, data analysts and data scientists to support the organization's data initiatives by evaluating, reviewing, implementing, and building the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources.

Responsibilities:
Design and develop data pipelines and ETL processes to connect with various data sources
Collaborate with Data Architects, Business SMEs, and Data Scientists to design, develop end-to-end data pipeline to meet fast paced organization needs across geographic regions
Support application programming interfaces (APIs), tools, and third-party products to extract data from SaaS applications
Extract data from various systems such as Salesforce.com, NetSuite, and our own products to create data models
Design and maintain enterprise data warehouse models
Deploy updates and fixes and provide technical support as requested
Implement standardized, automated operational and quality control processes to deliver accurate and timely data and reporting to meet or exceed SLAs.
Ensure current and future architecture meets stakeholder needs
Build and manage large scale data systems and ingestion capabilities and infrastructure
Research, recommend, and implement methods to ensure data integrity and quality
Build analytical solutions by manipulating large data sets and integrating diverse data sources
Work closely with the data scientists, and database and systems administrators to create data solutions
Ensure current and future architecture meets stakeholder needs
Build and manage large scale data systems and ingestion capabilities and infrastructure
Implement standardized, automated operational and quality control processes to deliver accurate and timely data and reporting to meet or exceed SLAs.
Perform ad-hoc analysis to meet business requirements, as requested.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field required
A minimum of 4 years of proven work experience as a data engineer
1+ years of Amazon Web Services (AWS) data related services required
Strong understanding of data structures and writing complex data analysis queries
Proven track record of shipping large, complex, data products
Superior organizational, communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Strong understanding of data structures and writing complex data analysis queries
Strong understanding of non-relational data structures and concepts related to BI
Experience with ""big data"" data pipelines and performing root cause analysis
Ability to manipulate, process, and extract value from large disparate data sets
Strong scripting skills: Python, PySpark
ITIL certification a plus
AWS certification a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
129,"Data Engineer, Analytics (Family Ecosystems)","$107k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

Our more experienced data engineers are clearly characterized by in-depth technical experience, subject matter expertise and proven progression in leadership responsibility. If you have an interest in owning important and critical problem areas and influencing by building robust company-wide data foundation and tooling, this is the right role for you. You will get to impact the End-to-End (E2E) suite of big-data tools and products that play a critical part in the day-to-day development lifecycle of Data Engineers, Data Scientists, ML Engineers, Research Scientists & Software Engineers.In this role, you will work closely with Data Infrastructure/Product Software Engineering and Product Management teams to foundationally evolve long-term, architecture-driven, E2E analytics development cycle and the Data Products, Platforms, Tools and Infrastructure stacks that underlie such as Logging, Streaming, Batch/Compute engines (Presto, Spark), Language/APIs, Semantic Data and Metadata models, ML workflows/models, Consumption workflows (Visualization/Notebooks), Data Discovery and so on. You will define and find solutions to complex and often ambiguous problems as a Subject Matter Expert. You will be leveraging your deep knowledge and experience to collaboratively define technical vision, strategy and architecture in three key areas Semantic Data and Metadata modeling, Large-scale analytics architecture (covering Logging, ETL and Consumption stacks) and Big Data development lifecycle (coding, testing, deploying, discovery etc.). A few examples of the impact and influence of your work: Consistent E2E Data Model and Definition-driven metrics such as Message Sends across the Family of Apps, Data model and metadata-driven, foundational, company-wide Analyics APIs such as User Retention, Evolving Dataframe APIs, Data Models and company-wide lifecycle development from Logging through Consumption through critical company-wide analytics use cases and Enabling consumption and adhoc exploratory workflows for Data Scientists by helping envision and implement large-scale analytics architecture use cases.
Craft and own the optimal data processing architecture and systems for new data and ETL pipelines/analytics applications
Build and data (dimensional) model core datasets and analytics applications and make them scalable and fault-tolerant
Drive comprehensive Technical Vision on fundamental aspects and evolution of Analytics/Data Infra Foundation/Tooling
Define and disseminate technical or product strategy clearly for effective outcomes
Articulate strategy within teams, effectively communicate with cross-functional
articulate solutions and influence leadership
Collaborate and work with different cross-functional partners - Data Infrastructure, Product Software Engineering, Data Engineering and Product Management teams - on use cases sto foundationally evolve long-term, architecture-driven, E2E analytics development cycle
Technically influence within the function and cross-functional community
Build visualizations to provide insights into the data & metrics
Immerse yourself in all aspects of the product, understand the problems, and tie them back to data engineering solutions
Drive internal process improvements and automating manual processes
Provide ongoing proactive communication and collaboration throughout the organization
4+ years experience in the data warehouse space
4+ years experience working with either a MapReduce or an MPP system
7+ years experience in writing complex SQL, Dataframe APIs and ETL processes
4+ years experience with object-oriented programming languages
7+ years experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling
BS/BA in Technical Field, Computer Science or Mathematics
Knowledge in Python or Java or Scala or Pandas
Experience analyzing data to identify deliverables, gaps, and inconsistencies
Experience mentoring team members in their careers
Experience collaborating, defining and communicating complex technical concepts to a broad variety of audiences ariety of audiences
Experience scaling analytics architecture and worked with open source big-data stacks (Spark, Koalas etc.)
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.",4.5,"Facebook
4.5","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
130,Data Engineer,"$70k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Engineer will work with the data Analyst and project managers to determine logical and physical database designs for new analytics models. The Data Engineer will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The Data Engineer will support database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout analytics ongoing projects.

Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet business requirements
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into operational efficiency, financial reports and other key business performance metrics
Work with stakeholders including the Engineering and Analytic teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs
Create data tools to support business informational technology process
Work with the data analytics team to strive for greater functionality in our data systems
Perform other related duties as required and assigned
Demonstrate behaviors which are aligned with the organization’s desired culture and values

Moderate experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Moderate knowledge of AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++
Experience building and optimizing AWS data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Strong project management and organizational skills.
Moderate skill in business intelligence tools such as Tableau or Qlik
Moderate skills with MS Office, including Excel & PowerPoint
Must be a team player with strong attention to detail and able to work independently
Proven track record at delivering timely and accurate information in a fast-paced environment
Excellent critical thinking, problem solving, and mathematical skills, and sound judgment
Strong business acumen and ability to interface with executive management",4.0,"PennyMac
4.0","Agoura Hills, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
131,Azure Cloud Engineer,-1,"Data Intensity is the largest independent multi-cloud managed services provider focused on mission-critical applications and managed services in a hybrid cloud world. Our purpose-built solutions and services focus on the technologies and platforms that power our customers’ business processes — from front-end strategy and design to implementation and migration to ongoing upgrades and support — all from a single vendor. Customers choose us — and stay with us — because working with Data Intensity allows them to focus on their critical business needs while we focus on their applications and multi-cloud investments to drive greater system availability, performance, flexibility, and scalability. The company was founded in 2001. It is headquartered in Bedford, MA with additional offices throughout the US, UK, India, and Australia.
Position Summary :
As a Cloud Engineer with Data Intensity, your job will be to effectively provision, install, configure, and maintain cloud-based software and related infrastructure. Working within a team of technical professionals, you will be providing cloud consultancy in both an on-site and remote capacity. You will be providing thought leadership and solution insights during various phases of the pre-sales, post-sales, and delivery cycle. This includes but is not limited to understanding and gathering: cloud solution requirements and configuration, Professional Services scope development, and working with new and existing customers on design and modifications to their deployments. You will be expected to maintain a high level of communication with both customers and internal departments at DI as well ensure that standards and processes are well defined, documented, and adhered to.
JOB DUTIES:
· Act in a advisor role with prospects and customers to understand their cloud infrastructure needs and requirements.
· Develop, advise on cloud-based solutions focused around Application and Database management.
· Participates in Proof of Concepts (POC) and Proof of Value (POV) efforts as well engaging in beta programs and the adoption of new technologies.
· Prepare technical design documentation with Visio/Gliffy/UML.
· Performs performance tuning, upgrades, and resource optimization as required. Configures CPU, memory, and storage as required.
· Effectively prioritize and maintain project support requests and communicate status/progress.
· Reviews and accepts all architectural handoffs to ensure operational accuracy and standards.
· Installs / rebuilds servers on Linux and Windows operating systems.
BUSINESS & TECHNICAL SKILLS QUALIFICATIONS:
· Detailed knowledge and understanding of Application and Database implementation and migration methodologies.
· Working knowledge of fundamental operations of Linux and/or Windows operating systems.
· Capable of solving complex problems with little to no supervision on schedule as an individual and with a team.
· Experience with setup and deployment of private and public cloud landscapes, customer use cases, and operational understanding of one or more of OCI IaaS/PaaS, Amazon EC2, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud and others. (certifications preferred)
· Experience with architecting and deploying disaster recovery solutions.
· Understanding of virtualization (Oracle VM preferred, Xen, VMware, Hyper-V).
· Excellent communication skills (written, presentation and verbal).
· Strong proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
· Experience with operating systems (i.e. Linux & Windows), networking (DNS, routing, firewalls, tracing and debugging), and security and authorization (SSH, OAUTH, SOAP, and REST).
· Experience with the professional services and consulting industries.
· Good technical documentation skills.
· Self-starter and strong work ethic for doing what it takes to complete or resolve requests with integrity and an appropriate sense of urgency.
EDUCATION AND OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
· B.S. or 4+ years of experience working with cloud installation, management, and support in an Oracle Applications & DB consulting setting
· Ability to prioritize multiple delivery engagements at a time
· Ability to take ownership and drive infrastructure opportunities to completion
· Ability to handle high pressure situations and maintain professional demeanor
This role may require access to customer environments as a means of providing the necessary support to resolve an issue or inquiries into performance-related issues, or for periodic maintenance and management of the systems. In some instances, these environments may contain Personally Identifiable Information (PII) (e.g., such as HIPAA-related Personal Health Information – PHI) and Payment Card Information (PCI). Personnel are expected to adhere to the highest standards of ethics and professionalism in protecting PII.",3.1,"Data Intensity
3.1","Covington, KY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
132,Big Data Engineer,"$108k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ABOUT US
At Revel, we unlock human creative potential so that we can embrace the world’s most thrilling opportunities and conquer the world’s most compelling challenges. We partner with our clients to create substantial value through strategic execution by cultivating an innovative approach that attracts, develops and inspires people to achieve more, together. With empathy as our guiding principle, we are committed to creating powerful human experiences in the digital era and we want you to join us.
THE CHALLENGE
Revel Technology unlocks the latent potential of data to provide the actionable insights needed to make better decisions.
With equal parts expertise, intuition, and creativity, we help clients acquire the right data, find the right signal, and set a long-term course toward an enlightened, mature technology capability.
As a Big Data Engineer Senior Associate in the Technology Community, you will work across industries in a fast-paced, team environment developing data pipelines and data engineering solutions to power the diagnostic and descriptive analytics needed to solve our client’s most difficult problems, as well as work with Revel Data Scientists to feed their machine learning model and unlock predictive and prescriptive analytics. To our clients, you will play the role of trusted advisor, working to transform data into business insights, and describing complex ideas concisely and accurately.
A DAY IN THE LIFE
AS A TEAM, WE:
Pursue business opportunities within Revel’s core offerings
Collaborate with clients and cross-functional teams to align business needs with solutions
Seek opportunities and relationships that leverage our problem-solving capabilities
AS A BI & ANALYTICS SENIOR ASSOCIATE AT REVEL, YOU:
Lean in with current clients; creating (y)our next big opportunity
Continuously strive to convert top clients into advocates
Contribute value through idea flow – collaboration / co-creation & QA activities across projects and accounts
AS A BIG DATA ENGINEER SENIOR ASSOCIATE FOR THE TECHNOLOGY COMMUNITY, YOU:
Deliver digital marketing, commerce, and experience solutions leveraging both proven and emerging technologies, such as Spark, sqoop, Kafka, Databricks, and Azure Data Factory
Communicate effectively with both technical and nontechnical stakeholders
Serve as a subject matter expert in Big Data & Data Engineering – conduct and support white-boarding sessions, workshops, design sessions, and project meetings as needed, playing a key role in client relations
Create thought leadership on latest Big Data & Data Engineering technologies and applications
WORKING TOGETHER, WE WILL:
Opt in – strive to empower and activate, not command and control
See what can be – elevate creativity and uniqueness over scale and repeatability
Lead with empathy, trust, respect, vulnerability and flexibility
Be present – be the change instead of waiting for the change
Say yes, and… provide space to grow and stoke latent potential
Love what we do – treat everyone uniquely the same and support each on our journeys
SET YOURSELF APART:
Understanding of and experience with driving and applying human-centered design processes, working collaboratively with customers and cross-functional teams
Experience in Service and Digital Product Creation
Curiosity about technology and its impact on design solutions
Excellent leadership skills, problem-resolution abilities, and good judgment
Entrepreneurial spirit
WHAT YOU NEED TO SUCCEED
Advanced knowledge of Big Data & Data Engineering, with deep, hands-on technical experience in tools, libraries, and frameworks such as Numba, Numpy, and Pandas in Python, Spark, Snowflake, HBASE, Hadoop, Azure Data Factory, Databricks, AWS Data Pipeline Service, Kafka, sqoop, and/or Flume
Advanced knowledge of relational, dimensional, and tabular data modeling principles and practices
Working knowledge of SQL for the use of data extraction, cleansing, and analysis
Previous experience in consulting a strong plus
Highly refined communication skills, with the ability to speak both to technical engineers and executive stakeholders
Able to work regular business hours (8am - 5pm)",3.7,"Revel Consulting
3.7","Seattle, WA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
133,Senior Applications Engineer,-1,"Are you ready to break free of the mundane?*
Looking for a place where you can be a leader and solve problems? Where you can drive success and make an impact? Where each day brings a new challenge?

An exciting position is currently available to lead our Estimating Department. We are looking for a candidate with proven experience leading and managing a team of estimators to solve complex engineering focused problems in an entrepreneurial manufacturing environment. This position is primarily responsible for providing leadership to a cross functional team who develops and estimates solutions for varied manufacturing customers.

Come join a growing manufacturing company that has continually evolved for over 60 years with an innovative vision and supportive culture. CHL Systems is a provider of custom automation equipment that offers project management, engineering, design, manufacturing and installation services for a variety of industries including food, pharma and heavy industry to name a few.
Responsibilities*
• Lead a team to develop solutions, provide concepts, sub deliverables (WBS), cost data and analysis for estimate review and presentations

• Lead a team to develop, track and improve estimating and procurement strategies to optimize efficiency and accuracy

• Review and evaluate requests for manufacturing estimates

• Lead a team to identify and account for risk elements

• Lead a team to develop comprehensive cost estimates

• Review estimates and revisions for completeness and accuracy

• Drive internal and external lines of communication

• Validate estimate details and analyze margins

• Manage workload and estimate quality of departmental estimators

• Coordinate and participate in job site visits as an estimator, less than ten percent travel

• Maintain cost estimating tools to categorize analyze information on past performance and industry standards
Qualifications*
• B.S Engineering, or related fields, MBA preferred or equivalent manufacturing estimator work experience

• Minimum 5 years estimator experience in manufacturing capital equipment design/build (protein, confection and pharma material handling experience preferred)

• Estimator work experience in equipment manufacturing, estimating, rapid product development, R&D

• Proven Leadership experience in a fast-paced data driven manufacturing estimator environment

• Flexibility to effectively deal with changing priorities and timelines through analytical problem-solving

• Able to work independently and in a collaborative team-oriented environment

• Displays superior written and oral communication skills

• Works well within tight time constraints

• Ability to balance competing requirements

• Possess an effective combination of process and business mindsets

• Ability to work at detail level

• Nimble

• Comfortable working with ambiguity
CHL Offers a competitive benefits package including: *
• Medical, Dental and Vision insurance

• Short Term Long Term and Life insurance

• 401(k) with Company Match

• Holidays and Vacation Days

• Safety Program Incentives

• Employee Appreciation Events
EOE*
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
capital equipment estimating: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Allentown, PA (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Describe your approach to team leadership.
This Job Is:
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.chlsystems.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/chlsystems/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"CHL Systems, Inc.","Allentown, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1957,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
134,Data Engineer II,-1,"Overview


Who we are:

Fidelity Life is a leading provider of financial security for middle market consumers. With a history of innovation, the company is redefining the life insurance industry with patented products and processes. Fidelity Life pioneered the use of predictive analytics to streamline the new business process and revolutionize the speed with which policies can be issued. Established in 1896, Fidelity Life enjoys a long track-record of success and continues to build its reputation of sound fiscal management and customer-focused innovation.

In concert with Fidelity Life, eFinancial is an online and call-center-based insurance agency with a proven direct-to-consumer life insurance model. Using a proprietary and patented sales technology platform, eFinancial operates call centers in Chicago, IL; Seattle, WA; and Tempe, AZ. eFinancial’s licensed agents and representatives reach thousands of consumers each day to help meet their unique life insurance needs – often with just a single phone call. To complement this channel, the company recently expanded to offer an entirely digital purchase experience.

Together, Fidelity Life and eFinancial are revolutionizing the life insurance industry to make life insurance more accessible and affordable for everyday Americans. With an integrated marketing, product manufacturing, and controlled distribution system, the enterprise is uniquely positioned for growth.

Overview:

As a key member of the Big Data Analytics team, you will be responsible for creating and operating the Big Data environment that enables eFinancial and Fidelity Life Association to optimize business processes and grow rapidly. You will move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems, aggregate and organize large sets of data in order to enable lead operations, analytics, and predictive modeling. If you would love being an owner-operator of a fast-growing complex online business with modern technology stacks, building analytical and infrastructure solutions, and driving success via analytics, this role is for you!

Responsibilities


What you will contribute:
Own the creation and maintenance of company data structures and databases in AWS to support predictive model development, analytics, and business intelligence.
Implement, test, document, and deploy integrations and maintain production readiness for cloud-based technology stack including real-time streaming, batch feeds, and predictions models from multiple cloud-based and on-premise sources.
Take on specific ETL projects to assimilate data from multiple new structured and unstructured data sources in batch or real-time, as appropriate.
Assimilate and implement business rules to process raw data. Set up visualization tools to meet the needs of both cloud and on-premise user community.
Serve as data steward for Analytics team and third-party technology partners.
Qualifications


What you should bring to the table:
Bachelor’s degree in any relevant field required.
At least 4 years of data engineer experience.
Hands-on experience with AWS services: Lambda, Athena, Redshift Spectrum, Glue, S3, EKS, EC2, EMR, Kinesis, and RDS.
Git experience required.
Knowledge and experience in Big Data and in building Data Pipelines/ETL processes.
Strong verbal and written communications skills that enable you to explain data infrastructure complexity with clarity and precision to executive management.
Proficiency in SQL; and working knowledge of Python and PySpark.
Ability to think strategically to anticipate and plan for future business needs.
Passion for taking ownership of new opportunities and projects.
Team Player mentality - you thrive in a collaborative environment.
Excellent multi-tasking skills, you are able to shift gears quickly and comfortably.


Nice to have skills and experience:
Experience with DevOps and CI/CD preferred.",3.6,"Efinancial
3.6",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
135,Sales Engineer - Automotive Connective Solutions,-1,"_Rosenberger_* is an innovative global leader in RF technology with an international presence. The Rosenberger name stands for both quality and cutting edge technology in the field of RF connectors, high speed & Ethernet connectors, low frequency & high frequency cable assemblies, automotive products, fiber optic products and custom copper assemblies. Rosenberger, headquartered in Germany, maintains sales and manufacturing facilities around the globe. As a leader in the industry, we provide a wide range of standardized and customized connectivity solutions to a variety of customers across multiple industry segments.
Our products are used in wireless technology, telecom, test & measurement, automotive, medical, military, industrial and data systems. Customers rely on the precision and quality of Rosenberger products around the globe.
_Rosenberger North America_* has an outstanding opportunity for an experienced *Sales Engineer - Automotive Connective Solutions* who is a self-starter with passion to drive profitable sales growth for the automotive segment of Rosenberger North America. This position reports to the Sales Manager - Automotive Connective Solutions and is located out of Rosenberger’s Dearborn, Michigan office.
The *Sales Engineer* supports the business development activity from a technical, customer satisfaction and commercial perspective. This position requires extensive customer interface at engineering and management levels using engineering and corporate product development teams to identify new opportunities and assist in bringing new products to market as well as to support the existing customer base ensuring their business needs are met with satisfaction.
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: *
Essential Functions of the Job: *_Qualified individuals must have the ability (with or without reasonable accommodation) to perform the following duties: _
Coordinate interactions between the headquarter in Germany and the US Sales team
Extensive knowledge of product development and procedures at Rosenberger Germany
Provide the customer with technical documents and support ongoing projects with a deep technical knowledge
Handle development projects
Protect current market share and identify key projects
Develop deep customer and industry relationships with technical influencers and decision makers at key customers and focus market segments.
Achieve sales objectives established for the territory/customer
Work closely with Rosenberger Product Management on customer penetration and support, delivering Rosenberger’s value proposition, and contributing to strategy development for differentiated product and technology solutions that will enable sustained growth and industry leadership for Rosenberger in Fakra, HSD, HFM and other high-speed applications.
Attend trade shows as required
Travel to the customer base to promote Rosenberger products
Weekly reporting to management
Ability & willingness to travel regionally & internationally
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: *
Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering required.
Previous experience in the automotive market (3-5 years) or in the field of electrical connectors and cable assemblies
Possesses technical background in designing electrical products and/or product management
Able to work with limited supervision and sometimes with the pressure of short deadlines
Strong computer skills (Microsoft Office)
Excellent interpersonal skills - is accurate and detail oriented – and organized
Strong conflict resolution skills
Self-motivated
Professional appearance and conduct
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: *
Ability to speak German
_Review of Day-to-Day Responsibilities: _*
_Pricing and Cost analysis_*
_Develop cost models for Rosenberger Products_
_Responds to RFQ pricing in a timely manner_
_Analyzes pricing with engineering/manufacturing and sales_
_Understands Rosenberger’s build and machining processes._
_Ensure costs and final pricing numbers are accurate._
_Additional Responsibilities_*
_Provide technical support to customers_
_Continuous improvements to process_
_Validate costs with actual data as appropriate_
_Advance working knowledge of MRP transactions to facilitate your job duties_
_Participate in training provided interdepartmentally/intercompany _
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Automotive Connector & Cable Assembly: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Dearborn, MI (Required)
Language:
German (Preferred)
Application Question:
Do you have a technical background in designing electrical products and/or product management?
Work Location:
One location
On the road
Work Remotely:
No",3.6,"Rosenberger North America
3.6","Dearborn, MI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Unknown,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
136,Sr. Data Engineer,"$78k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer*
Excella is a leading provider of Agile software development and data and analytics solutions to clients in the federal, commercial and non-profit sectors. We believe that great work leads to great things –- our experts measure success by the positive impact we make on our clients, community, and colleagues. We are growing fast and need passionate, innovative people who love working with technology and are ready to make an impact.

Here's what you can expect from us:
You'll work with great people who love what they do: our team includes published authors, certified trainers, and internationally renowned speakers.
We have a ""bring your own device"" workplace and will share the cost of a new computer of your choice -- Mac or PC. It's up to you.
We'll invest in your career by providing 3 days of paid professional development every year, including travel and registration fees to attend classes and conferences, in addition to tuition assistance for degrees and certifications.
Starting day one, every employee is bonus eligible and receives 15 days of paid vacation, 6 federal holidays, and 4 floating holidays.
You can bike, drive, or metro to work -- our commute reimbursement plan has you covered.
You'll have fun! We hold monthly social events all year long, including a summer event for you and your family.
_Excella is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law._
Overview*
The Data Engineer participates in the design and build of modern data products that comprise of raw data stores (data lakes) and cleansed data repositories, populated by batch or streaming data pipelines. The Data Engineer works with a team to create a robust, sustainable and flexible design and leads the technical delivery using Agile delivery frameworks like Scrum or Kanban.
Responsibilities *
Developing and managing data processes to ensure that data is available and usable
Creation and automation of data pipelines and platforms
Managing and monitoring data quality via automated testing frameworks (Data Driven Testing, TDD, etc.)
Working closely with Architects, Data Scientists, and DevOps to design, build, test, deliver, and maintain sustainable and highly scalable data solutions
Researching data acquisition and evaluating suitability
Integration of data management solutions into client environment
Actively managing risks to data and ensuring there is a data recovery plan
Building data repositories such as: data warehouses, data lakes, and operational data stores, etc.
Qualifications*
3+ years relevant professional work experience.
Experience and expertise in the following:
Creating robust and extensible data pipelines for production systems
Use of cloud platforms, preferably AWS
Creating secure, performant, and well-modeled data stores
Common analytical platform architectural patterns (Star Schema, data integration patterns, ABAC, data quality frameworks etc.)
Data lake design patterns and technology options (schema on read, metadata capture, search framework)
Use of scripting languages, preferably Python
Familiarity with NoSQL databases
Source code version control management using git
Project experience using the Scrum or Kanban framework.
Professionalism; to include written and oral communication – the ability to communicate collaboratively in front of a whiteboard. An ability to understand your audience and adjust your communication style to fit
Aptitude and desire for learning new technologies.
Technically savvy, entrepreneurial spirit who thrives in environments that reward self-initiative and resourcefulness.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $112,000.00 - $159,486.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Until further notice, all positions with Excella will be working with our team and clients remotely. Most positions will be expected to work onsite in the DC Metro area when we have determined that it will be safe for our employees and clients to do so.

Experience:
Python: 3 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.excella.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.2,"Excella
4.2","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
137,Software Integration Engineer,"$62k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities: As a Software Integration Engineer at Sabre Systems, you will employ your talent towards improving the systems used on the United States Navy’s most sophisticated Aircraft. The challenge to continually improve the mission capabilities of Navy aircraft requires engagement from the most elite software professionals available. Your talents can make a difference in keeping our ships and sailors safe from threats both above and below the surface of the ocean. The Maritime Surveillance domain requires Software Integration Engineers to familiarize themselves with a wide variety of mission systems, software programming languages and environments. If you want to make meaningful contributions toward keeping naval aircraft systems on the leading edge, then we have a challenge for you!
Join our Team in support of some of the Navy’s most technologically sophisticated aircraft platforms including the P-8A Poseidon.
Work cross functionally with developers and system administrators becoming familiar with system requirements and behaviors
Integrate system capabilities in a Red Hat environment
Assist developers with installation and configuration, including troubleshooting and remediation
Troubleshoot and debug system issues, analyzing root cause in the areas of hardware, network and software issues
Assist with release deployment and periodic system/application patching
Optimize maintenance and deployments to ensure integrated functionality
All candidates should be prepared to participate in processes applicable to software development, integration and test
Qualifications: Qualifications:
BS degree in a Computer Science, Computer Systems Information Management, IT, Electrical Engineering or Mathematics
Three (3) years of Red Hat experience at an administration level
Security+ is a plus
Knowledge of fundamental networking concepts
Experience with virtualization environments, scripting, troubleshooting software and hardware, and working in an agile environment
Basic understanding of the Java programming language to support java application integration
Requires a good understanding of software development, software applications, system administration and integration and ability to multi-task and manage multiple priorities
Familiarity with Atlassian suite including Jira and Confluence
Ability to work independently, be a problem solver and strong desire to learn in a fast-paced environment
An active DoD Secret Clearance or higher is required
Candidates will be required to pass a background check for this position
Additional experience in the following areas is a plus:
BitBucket and Bamboo experience is a plus
Subversion and/or Git version control software
Maven
IA and STIG application
Overview: Sabre Systems, Inc. is a quality driven, customer focused large business providing innovative solutions in the areas of Cyber, C4ISR, Business Intelligence and Data Analytics, and Enterprise Modernization to federal and civilian customers. Our mission is to ensure our customers have the technology, services, and expertise to overcome threats, maintain superiority, and quickly adapt to emerging obstacles. At Sabre, we're more than just a job - we're a team - and we care for and nurture our employees like family. If you want to be a part of creating and implementing enduring solutions that transform mission challenges into mission success – join Sabre!
Sabre provides an excellent benefits package, which includes healthcare, paid days off, tuition reimbursement, and a 401K plan.
We respect the unique perspectives that a diverse workforce of minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans brings not only to our company, but also to our customers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
EOE: Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor
#LI1-EN

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Red Hat experience: 3 years (Preferred)
Active DoD Security Clearance: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Security+ (Preferred)",4.8,"Sabre Systems
4.8","Patuxent River, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
138,Azure Databricks Data Engineer,"$56k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Collaborate with business stakeholders to identify and meet data requirements
Management of data workflows and pipelines
Responsible for collecting, moving, storing, and preparation of data infrastructure
Manage and secure the flow of structured and unstructured data from multiple sources like ingest, egress , and transform data
Manage, monitor, and ensure the security and privacy of data to satisfy business needs
Other duties as assigned

5 +yrs of Azure experience
Experience with PySpark, Spark SQL, Databricks (notebooks), and Azure Synapse.
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
139,Data Engineer,-1,"The Data Engineer will play a key role in designing Framework’s creative use of data through leading the development of Framework’s data warehouse and initial data integration initiatives. We have a range of valuable data assets which are growing in volume and scope, we need to use them effectively and efficiently. The Data Engineer will serve as the technical lead for developing Framework’s internal insights and analytics data warehouse. They will identify critical initiatives and work with the Business Insights team to plan out their implementation. They will also act as a technical expert for the rest of the Business Insights team, helping them learn new skills and improve their own workflow. This work will support Framework’s development of core data analytics tools and products for internal stakeholders.

We are looking for a collaborative and open-minded team player who has experience implementing technical solutions as part of a greater data analytics strategy. The ideal candidate can demonstrate a commitment to continuous growth and use creative problem solving to assess how Framework’s data architecture can prepare for the future. This position requires humble confidence with self-starter inclinations and a proven ability to own solutions from start to finish. This is a mid-level position with great opportunities for professional development and growth.

This position reports to the Business Insights Manager and is located in the Greater Boston Area, with offices in Boston, MA.
What You’ll Do: First 90 Days
Work with Data Analyst to understand current technology solutions used to meet critical analytics needs.
Work with analysts to identify immediate risks of existing data infrastructure, prioritize key opportunities for development and actionable tasks
Collaborate extensively with key stakeholder teams such as marketing, product and engineering to understand business logic of key data and identify opportunities for optimization through data integrations
Implement workflows and technical work management systems that support iterative development, task prioritization and requirement documentation.
Work with Business Insights manager and CTO to begin developing a road map for our data warehouse strategy and self-service business intelligence.
What You’ll Do: Team Leadership
Manage data system integrations used for analytics across Framework. This includes monitoring and expanding Framework’s ETL and translating business needs into technical specifications.
Serve as the technology lead for Framework’s data warehouse development.
Manage communication of Framework’s technology capabilities and limitations. Serve as our subject matter expert on this within the team and as a voice of reason in collaborative efforts.
Participate in the Business Insights team’s continued growth as a technology team documenting knowledge gains clearly, mentoring younger staff and supporting growth of direct reports and team members.
What You’ll Bring
Technical experience: Demonstrated knowledge of data warehouse architecture, integration development and ETL implementation. Exposure to service orientated architecture concepts, familiarity with best practices for analytics data warehouses. Experience with programming languages is preferred. Data modeling for business intelligence tools or a curiosity to learn more is a plus.
Development experience: Success in implementing data engineering best practices, workflow structures and task execution principles. Demonstrated ability to set requirements, test solutions, identify milestones and meet deadlines.
Business perspective focus: Ability to consider business lead perspectives while making technical decisions. Experience translating technical capabilities to business outcomes and reverse.
Knowledge management skills: Self led prioritization of knowledge management skills such as documentation, knowledge sharing and training others at various levels.
Maker and Manager: Ability to dive into the weeds of the work while working with Business Insights team colleagues to tackle problems together. Desire to grow into a management role.
Ability to develop, articulate and implement a larger vision while identifying the intricate work required to achieve success.
An orientation toward learning and exploration with an interest in learning from and sharing with others.
Ability to work effectively with remote teammates.
A strong sense of empathy towards different perspectives and an ability to collaborate with compromise.
Passion for efficiency in technical solutions and ability to achieve iteratively.
Preferred Qualifications and Experience
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field; or comparable professional experience
3-5 years of experience in data warehouse development and ETL design, implementation and data maintenance
1-2 years of experience working closely with analytics teams in an analyst role
Experience with tools within various levels of the analytics stack, including but not limited to cloud data warehouses, ETL (Fivetran), data modeling, APIs, cloud services, etc.
Our vision inspires you!
About the Team
The Data Engineer will be a key member of a rapidly evolving Business Insights team. The Business Insights team paves the path for Framework’s data driven decision making aspirations and develops the technology tools that will be crucial along the journey. From key Framework products to internal customer success systems, the Business Insights team stewards the collection of data across the company and delivery of key business insights for internal and external use.

Job Classification
This is a full-time, exempt position.

Work Environment and Physical Demands
This job requires the routine use of standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, and filing cabinets. It requires the ability to speak and hear in person, over the phone, and in settings where there are groups of people. Occasional travel is required, including overnight travel for up to four days at a time and travel via airplane.

What We’ll Offer You / Benefits of Working for Framework
The Framework team is a group of thoughtful, creative, and caring human beings. Our company boasts employees that hail from several different countries and speak a multitude of languages. We are collaborators who value each other’s differences and are committed to bringing our authentic selves to work each day, so that we might design quality products for humans that need them. We offer a suite of benefits designed to support our employees’ thriving in the workplace, including but not limited to:

• Flexible Work Schedules
• Remote Work
• Health Plans Incl. Dental and Vision
• 401(k) Savings Plan
• 11 Paid Holidays Incl. Election Day
• Open Vacation
• 52 Weeks Paid Parental Leave
• Personal and Professional Growth Opportunities
• Opportunity to help build and deliver cutting edge, socially driven products from scratch!

About the Company
Framework is a startup social enterprise built on a simple idea: every homebuyer should have access to unbiased information about the mortgage process and feel knowledgeable about the responsibilities of owning a home. And more—it should be easy and affordable.

We are proudly pro-homeownership and believe it is a uniquely accessible and powerful way for people to build long term financial security. We make it easier for people to do this by providing the tools we believe will lead prospective homebuyers into homes that improve their quality of life, giving them the space to grow into their future, and gain value over time.

From our state-of-the art homebuyer education course that has helped over 700K people into their homes since its inception, to our newest digital homebuyer and homeownership experience—KeepHome—our mission to support homeowners continues to grow every year, and so does our team!

As we leverage the power of technology to strengthen communities one homeowner at a time, the individual contributions of our tight-knit team play a vital, daily role in shaping our products and services. Creative thinking, collaboration, and problem solving are at the core of the Framework culture, and we’re seeking team members with drive and ingenuity to add to the mix.

Come join us!


The position description is a guide to the critical duties and essential functions of the job, not an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, qualifications, physical demands and work environment conditions. Position descriptions are reviewed and revised to meet Framework’s changing needs, at the sole discretion of management.",4.2,"Framework Homeownership
4.2","Boston, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
140,Data Engineer,-1,"The Data Engineer


COLLABORATE | OPTIMIZE | EVOLVE

As a Data Engineer at A Cloud Guru, you will ensure the data platform infrastructure and architecture supports the evolving requirements of the Data Engineering and Data Analytics teams as well as other parts of our business! You will work closely with the Director of Data Engineering to develop a strategy for our long term Data Platform architecture to identify gaps in the data processes and drive improvements while mentoring and coaching other team members. Thanks to your contributions, our data platform will continue to optimize and revolutionize. This role reports to the Director, Data Engineering.

Hello, we're A Cloud Guru


Our friends call us ACG.

We're on a mission to teach the WORLD to cloud. A Cloud Guru is the largest online cloud school on the planet. Our training feels more like logging into Netflix or Spotify - it's entertaining and playful. The people are the #1 reason employees say they stay at ACG. We're a quirky, tight-knit crew that cares about our customers and each other. No egos here. Our leaders encourage thoughtfulness, compassion, being humble, and we have a bit of fun along the way.

It's an exciting time to join the team, because we're in a really unique space. We have an amazing product that people want, and we're in an industry that's tripling in size overnight.

What makes the Product & Engineering team awesome...


Learning to cloud means unlocking a world of possibilities for our students. Using the latest tech, we design the tools to teach people cloud faster and better. The team is talented (and a little quirky), and we're all in it together.
Cutting edge tech. We've built a cloud-first Serverless Architecture with tools like Lambda, API Gateway, GraphQL, and ReactJS
Founded by engineers. Having a CEO that is also an engineer is nice, because he knows the effort it takes to make things awesome.
We're friendly. We're down-to-earth and collaborative. There's no high-performing jerks, there's no heroes, there's just great teams.
We're hungry, and humble. We are dedicated to learning all the things to create the best product possible.
If you're down to earth and enjoy a laugh while also working hard you'll love it here. - Joanna, Avocado to Guac Ratio Guru (and Product Manager)

As a Data Engineer at ACG, you'll get to:
Be an essential part of designing and building ACG's new data platform, as we evolve the existing databases into a cutting-edge solution to meet the needs of our 2021 data plans and beyond
Explore and contribute to discussions around technologies under consideration, such as Snowflake, Kappa/Lambda architecture, Delta Lakes and Data Vault
Develop, test and maintain existing architecture, including databases, data pipelines and large-scale processing systems
Collaborate with the Analytics team on transformation processes to populate data models
Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality of the data platform and optimise for performance, scalability and cost
Discover opportunities for data acquisition and explore new ways of using existing data
Identify gaps in data processes and drive improvements
Coach and mentor other team members
What you bring to the table


We focus on hiring values aligned people, because we believe the right person can learn all the things to be successful in their role. Self-confidence plays a big part in what you apply for. We encourage all job applicants to apply even if they are nervous to do so. College degrees aren't required for any roles, and career gaps or switches are totally welcome.

Essential
2+ years of Data Engineering, Data Warehousing, or related experience
2+ years of development experience with Python or similar scripting language
2+ years of SQL experience, including experience with schema design and dimensional data modelling
Experience working with AWS services such as DynamoDB, Glue, Lambda, Step Functions, S3, CloudFormation or Redshift
Experience with ETL development, metadata management, and data quality
Desirable
Knowledge of software engineering best practices with experience with implementing CI/CD, monitoring & alerting for production systems
Experience with complex data structures and No-SQL databases
Experience with open source orchestration platforms (e.g. Airflow)
We want the people who care about doing a good job. The ones who have the humility and hunger to learn. - Sam Kroonenburg, Co-Founder and CEO

More than a job


Where you work isn't just a career decision -- it's a life decision. We get it. That's why we want all of our Gurus to feel a sense of belonging that comes from feeling supported in all areas of their lives. Everyone has family, friends and interests outside of their careers, so we offer perks and benefits to make work, work better for you.
4 weeks PTO, plus 10 sick days, and holidays. Whether it's hiking to a waterfall in Costa Rica or bonding with your couch, we all need downtime. All Gurus get four weeks paid time off, 10 sick days, and enough holiday to make a banker blush.
Let's get lunch. Lunches are catered three times per week, and our kitchen stays stocked with a smorgasbord of the team's most requested snacks and drinks.
Parking is on us. We have your Downtown parking covered. We offer paid garage parking nearby the office. We also have perks for going green by walking and taking public transit.
We've got you covered. We offer insurance plans that pay for 100% of your medical, dental, and vision, and 80% for your family/dependents.
Gender-neutral paid parental leave. Expanding your family? We offer 12 weeks of gender-neutral paid parental leave, and reimburse up to $10,000 for eligible adoption expenses.
$1,000 continuing education budget. All Gurus get $250 a quarter to spend on personal development, and 2 hours each week reserved for learning something new.
Remote where?


The A Cloud Guru team has grown a lot since it was just two brothers with a dream of teaching the world to cloud! We now employ gurus in 30 states of the USA as well as in Australia and the UK. For the time being that's as far as we can go. We won't bore you with the details, but setting up the extra operations we would need to employ people in new states or countries is a little bit more expensive than replicating your database in another AZ, if you know what we mean. So as much as we would love to have staff in as many countries as we have students, we are only opening this role to applicants in areas we currently have operations.

If you're not sure if your US state is included, please still apply! We will let you know if you are in a state that we currently don't have operations. If anything changes we will reach back out.

What's the interview process like at ACG?


Applying for a job can feel intimidating and like a full-time job of its own. You shouldn't have to burn through a week of sick time or all your best out-of-office excuses just to put feelers out for a new career opportunity. We want to be as transparent about the process as possible to help ease your mind. It's our goal to provide you a fair, efficient interviewing experience that respects you and your time and to do it all with a sidecar of delight.

Once you submit an application, we'll review it. If you're a good fit, you'll have an initial chat with a recruiter over the phone. A phone interview with a manager typically follows. Depending on your role, you might then be asked to do a little homework (but nothing too time consuming). Then we'll schedule a Zoom call to meet other members of the team, answer any questions you have, and give you a feel for what it's really like to work at ACG. If you're on the fence, just give it a try.

Keep being awesome, Cloud Gurus.",4.5,"A Cloud Guru
4.5","Austin, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
141,Systems Engineer,"$26k-$56k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The DigitalNET Onsite Engineer provides a high level of in-person customer service implementing, maintaining, resolving technical issues, supporting, and optimizing all customer workstation and server hardware, software, and network equipment and connectivity. Must be customer service orientated, have effective verbal and communication and provide proactive work on behalf of our clients.

Responsible for working through DigitalNET’s ticketing system to configure, implement, monitor, manage, and support all of DigitalNET’s clients IT environments including;
Windows workstations
Server hardware and server operating systems
Anti-virus/malware software and remediation
Email systems such as Office 365 and/or Exchange and SPAM Filtering
Network switches, firewalls and access points
Backup systems and data recovery
Administer and maintain end user accounts, permissions and access rights
Provide 3rd party vendor management assistance
Produce accurate documentation related to client environments and issue resolution
Ensure that Service Level Agreements are met for all customers
This role must also be able to;
Setup, deploy and replace Windows desktops and laptops
Setup and install Windows operating systems, Microsoft Office Suite, and other Windows applications
Setup and install network equipment such as switches, firewalls and/or wireless access points
Setup, deploy, replace and support server hardware and Windows Server operating systems
Setup, deploy and support server virtualization such as; Microsoft Hyper-V and VMWare
Coach and mentor junior staff
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $40,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
active directory: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
License:
TS/SCI clearance (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.gfidigital.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/GfiDigital
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply",4.3,"GFI Digital Inc.
4.3","Springfield, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Business Service Centers & Copy Shops,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
142,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Who makes a great addition to our team:
Curious doers. We look for people who get sh*t done, but not at the risk of doing the wrong thing. We want people who ask questions, challenge, and engage in egoless debate to get to the right end goal.
Rigor, not ruthlessness. We look for people who enjoy working hard and pushing themselves and each other, but this works for us only as much as we are kind and supportive of one another.
Big picture leadership. We expect all of our teammates to be leaders and for them to step back and step forward at the right time for the harmony of the greater team and the big picture.

What we're looking for:
Strong educational background in Computer Science, Math or a related field
A minimum of five years experience working with data warehouses
A minimum of two years experience working with object oriented languages
A minimum of two years experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling
A minimum of of experience writing SQL statements

As a Senior Data Engineer you will tackle:
Managing the dtx data warehouse and data lake and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership, including defining and managing SLA for all data sets.
Partnering with the Data Science and Analytics team to investigate and implement advanced statistical models and machine learning pipelines.
Assisting client support and sales with client integrations.",4.7,"the dtx company
4.7","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
143,Software Engineer,"$44k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BoomTown is looking for a Software Engineer who has a passion for all aspects of software development. As a developer on the team, you provide the web services, user interface, messaging systems, data stores, and other systems our teams need as part of a project. You’ll be charged with continuously enhancing and reinventing tools for BoomTown’s platform.

We are looking for people that like to collaborate and want to be involved in shaping all aspects of the product as they grow. This is an amazing opportunity to grow your career in development!
Responsibilities Include:
Be responsible for the lifecycle of products: from technical designs, to implementation, testing, documentation, delivery, and maintenance
Work closely within a cross-functional Agile development team to build and improve products and features for BoomTown’s software platform
Understand product descriptions for new features and how they fit into the greater BoomTown system while learning how our customers use them
Take initiative on assigned day-to-day tasks and keep pace with the team to get the job done while knowing when to ask for help
Stays abreast of advancements, trends and future directions of the industry in the area of responsibility
Required Qualifications:
BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience / training
2-4 years of relevant work experience
Experience working on public, high-traffic websites in a professional environment
A deep understanding of at least one modern object-oriented programming language
Experience with PHP and JavaScript
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Content Management Systems (WordPress preferred)
Experience with relevant testing frameworks (PHPUnit, Jest, Cypress, etc.)
Experience with cloud computing such as Amazon Web Services
Experience identifying and implementing optimizations for high-performance websites
Knowledge of Agile development methodologies
Experience with Docker
Experience with Laravel
Experience with React
Experience with NodeJS
What is BoomTown?

BoomTown is a software platform designed to help real estate professionals generate leads, manage contacts, and run their business better. Over 40,000 of the industry’s best use our products to close more deals. Their success is trademarked with growth. It’s why the Real Trends Thousand is dominated by BoomTown clients. We bring the technology and experts to turn opportunities into closings.

With our product suite, you get access to world-class lead generation, consumer-websites, CRM technology, and a powerful mobile app. Together, they create a seamless experience so you can attract, convert, and win new clients easily.

BoomTown Offers You:

Growth potential and ability to lead change
Company leadership that believes in flexibility, freedom, and innovation
Challenging, motivating, fun and dog-friendly work environment
Company culture that is guided by our core values that thrives on passion and innovation",4.1,"BoomTown
4.1","Charleston, SC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
144,Senior Electrical Design Engineer (US Citizen Only),-1,"Senior Electrical Design Engineer*
Sub U Systems is seeking to expand its Electrical Design Engineering team. Sub U Systems is a successful twelve-year-old technology company that designs, develops and produces highly secure, robust, exceedingly flexible IP tactical networking and computing appliances, including IoT and M2M solutions, to First Responders, government, and military customers globally.
Applicants must be a United States citizen and must be willing to undergo a background check. (Green Card not accepted)*
Candidates will receive *salary-based compensation, company subsidized medical benefits, paid holiday and vacation time*. Senior/seasoned Design Engineers are also encouraged to respond. Compensation will be commensurate with professional experience and qualifications.

This position is an excellent opportunity for hard-working, independent, and disciplined Electrical Engineer who has experience developing network and computing appliance to apply their skills toward solving unique, challenging and complex electrical engineering tasks. We are looking for an experienced, accomplished Electrical Design Engineer to further designs of our industry leading products and solutions. The Electrical Engineer will work across a variety of tasks that are directly involved in engineering, product development, and implementation. The ideal candidate is an inventive problem solver that is capable of working through technical challenges and pragmatic solutions.

This role will require working under limited supervision with a tightknit group to provide design concepts, lead detail design from product inception through final delivery, support test, and quickly respond to any type of issues. The role will require an electrical engineer of many hats that works on a broad range of programs with a variety of applications.
Responsibilities: *
Design high reliability electrical systems to support warfighter needs.
Generate definition of performance requirements for electrical systems.
Decompose customer requirements into systems, subsystem, software (etc.) requirements.
Plan and support implementation of system integration testing and verification program to ensure the system meets all requirements, including development of test procedures and how compliance will be demonstrated.
Generate documentation including formal reports, drawings, specifications, proposals, interface controls, and other technical data package items.
Communicate and work with the project team, labs, suppliers, customers, and functional management.
Qualifications: *
This role is looking for a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience and a minimum of a bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering.
Desired Experience: *
Broad knowledge of electrical applications.
Systems Engineering for derivation and documentation of subsystem requirements
System integration and test.
Hands on troubleshooting of electrical assemblies.
High skill level with MS Office.
Experience with product design, development and production
Experience with Electrical Engineering, knowledge with electrical components
Strong E CAD skills (Altium PCB design tool)
Experienced with thermal design in small electronics appliances
Other Attributes: *
Interested in the best and most practical solution, not necessarily the most fascinating one.
Work independently, but respect deadlines and budgets.
Work multiple projects concurrently.
Possess excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to work effectively with all levels and in a team environment and communicate clearly.
Sub U Systems offers a friendly work environment where all employees are highly motivated towards a common goal of providing customers the best product/solution possible and making the company successful. As a result, employees share in the success of the company through our competitive salary and benefits, including:
Competitive salary
Medical Insurance subsidy
Vacation and sick time accrued each pay period
401K with company match
Potential for Profit Sharing based on company performance
Applicants must be a United States citizen and must be willing to undergo a background check. (Green Card not accepted)*
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
We are practicing social distancing. We are spread out in our office. We have hand sanitizer available.

Experience:
Electrical Design: 4 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Application Question:
Are you a United States Citizen? (We work with the US government and government contracts)
Company's website:
www.Sub-U.com
Company's Facebook page:
facebook.com/subusystems
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",4.4,"Sub U Systems
4.4","Turnersville, NJ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
145,Software & Data Analytics Engineer,-1,"About Us*
Our mission at FacilityConneX is to provide the industrial and commercial customer a world-class real time continuous monitoring system for any equipment or facility - Anytime, Anywhere. FacilityConneX is an advanced IoT solution for equipment optimization. FacilityConneX offers an industry leading experience for customers to gain insight on their own systems and data. For more information, go to www.facilityconnex.com

FacilityConneX offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. FacilityConneX is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

FacilityConneX is not able to consider applicants requiring visa sponsorship at this time. FacilityConneX is not currently considering any C2C candidates.
Posted Position Title*
Software & Data Analytics Engineer
Career Level*
Full-time
Function*
Engineering/Development
Location Opening Is Available*
United States - Nashua, NH
Relocation Expenses*
None
Role Summary*
As a Software & Data Analytics Engineer for FacilityConneX, you will be embedded in a close knit / cross- disciplinary team on commercially facing development projects, typically involving streaming, complex data set.

You will work addressing statistical, machine learning, and data understanding problems in various commercial and industrial applications. In this role, you will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning and statistical methods for finding valuable insights in large data sets. You will leverage experience from various sources such as software developers, engineers, partner subject matter experts, and end users - to define business problems, work with and manipulate data, develop analytical solutions, and execute analytical models and rules in production environments - aimed at specific commercial and industrial markets. Potential application areas include smart buildings, facility infrastructure optimization, OEM equipment builders, industrial / manufacturing, energy management, and various other IoT equipment monitoring applications.

In this role, a heavy emphasis will be put on the practical application, use, and benefits to our customers using our system. As a Software & Data Analytics Engineer, you will work to assure all solutions are optimized for performance and deployment into our hosted industrial cloud environment.
Essential Responsibilities*
In this role, you will:

• Develop analytics within well-defined projects to address customer needs and opportunities.
• Continuously contribute to improving and building out our analytics platform.
• Assist in the build-out of our analytics library on our next generation Python based framework.
• Work alongside software developers, software engineers, and partner subject matter experts, to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services.
• Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics.
• Share and discuss findings with team members and customer clients.
• Provide quality documentation for both end users and internal teams.
Qualification Requirements*
Basic Qualifications:

• Bachelor’s Degree in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics)
• At least 5 year’s full-time experience in applying data science software solutions.
• Demonstrate strong proficiency using Python and associated data science packages (e.g. Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow)

Additional Eligibility Requirements:

• Very solid experience working on daily basis with Linux-based operating systems
• Demonstrated skill in the use of various database software tools (e.g. SQL, Redis, S3, Dynamo, OLAP)
• Comfortable working in common programming languages / interfaces (e.g. JavaScript, Node JS, REST, GO)
• Demonstrated skills in data cleaning, features engineering, model selection to best suit the application and data.
• Demonstrated skill in the use of applied analytics and predictive analytics on streaming time- series data.
• Familiar with CI/CD techniques associated with provisioning of analytics to production environments. E.g Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, other CI/CD and IaC technologies.
• Solid experience with Docker containers and Kubernetes in collaboration with development team
• Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas at this time.
• Must be willing to travel up to 10% if needed.
Desired Characteristics*
• Strong passion for technology, a willingness to learn new skills and the ability to convert to new technologies
• Self-motivated and self-directed, ability to translate technical direction into functional solutions
• Ability to work effectively, managing multiple priorities
• Proven ability to investigate complex issues and drive to completion

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Analytics: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Nashua, NH 03062 (Required)
Application Question:
Are you able to work without any visa sponsorship requirements or C2C arrangement?
Work Location:
One location
Relocation Assistance Provided:
No
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Company's website:
facilityconnex.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,FacilityConneX,"Nashua, NH",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
146,BI Engineer,"$73k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Alignment Healthcare is a data and technology driven healthcare company focused partnering with health systems, health plans and provider groups to provide care delivery that is preventive, convenient, coordinated, and that results in improved clinical outcomes for seniors.

We are experiencing rapid growth (backed by top private equity firms), our Data Services and BI team is looking for the best and brightest Business Intelligence (BI) Engineers. Data drives the way we make decisions. We love our customers and understanding them better makes it possible to provide the best clinical outcome and care experience.

We are currently seeking a solid Data Engineer who has expertise in both back-end data processing technologies as well as building cutting edge data visualizations to provide self-service actionable analytics products. This position will play a key role in design and development of a cloud-based Data Intelligence and Analytics services.

Responsibilities
Translate business requirements into specifications that will be used to implement the required reports and dashboards.
Work with business units to gather requirements, development and delivery of business intelligence & reporting services.
Develops and implements business intelligence & analytics to support organizational initiatives.
Build rich and dynamic dashboards using out-of-box features, customizations and visualizations.
Design and publish custom dashboards and web applications for business functions, stakeholders and corporate users around the company.
Design, model, develop & optimize BI solutions to meet data management and data reporting objectives.
Design and model data flows and procedures ensuring data quality and integrity
Working with data engineers and application engineers to ensure that data sets feeding the analytics platforms are tuned for optimal performance.
Work with power users of the analytics/reporting tools to advice on best practices for the business Intelligence reporting.
Troubleshoot and resolve issues with the processes used and the content produced by the BI platform.
Work with business stakeholders to define and improve standardized and ad-hoc analytics/reporting capabilities.
Work as part of the BI team to maintain and develop all components of the BI platform.
Provide ongoing maintenance support through troubleshooting, report modifications and optimization.
Provide input into the technical architecture and the data warehouse technology stack.
Create functional and technical design documents and maintain documentation for all reports and dashboards created or modified
Creates and maintains positive, cohesive work environment.
Qualifications
BS Computer Science, IT or equivalent and/or equivalent experience.
7+ years of business intelligence, reporting and web application development experience.
5+ years of experience with BI/Reporting software products (Power BI, Tableau) and knowledge of Healthcare Industry standards and requirements.
3+ years of experience in web/mobile application development.
Expertise in HTML, JavaScript and CSS.
Experience with various JavaScript based data visualization frameworks and libraries.
5+ years database experience with MS SQL Server.
5+ years of experience in healthcare industry with proven understanding of data terminology.
Healthcare Experience and Clear understanding & working knowledge of HIPAA protocols.
Extensive hands-on an experience with Microsoft’s Power-BI/ SSAS/Azure Data Factory and other cloud based BI and Reporting services.
Extensive experience on web applications and Java scripting
Extensive experience on Advance Analytics tools like -Azure ML, CRAN R Library, Azure Cognitive Services.
Experiences on Hadoop /Spark and Azure Data Platform is a plus
Statistics foundation with working knowledge of control charts, statistical significance and study design.
Strong appreciation of timeliness and the ability to multitask and accomplish assigned tasks within project timelines.
Demonstrated ability to build partnerships and maintain cohesive relationships.
Demonstrated ability planning, organizing and executing multiple complex analytics projects.
Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers and customers.
Excellent human relations and verbal/written communication skills.
Experience with Azure, AWS or GCP is a plus
Microsoft SQL Server, Power BI or Azure Certification
Alignment Healthcare, LLC is proud to practice Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disable/Protected Veteran.
If you require any reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in completing the online application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please contact careers@ahcusa.com.
(function() { var ac = document.createElement('script'); ac.type = 'text/javascript'; ac.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://') + 'click.appcast.io/pixels/grpeople1-1573.js?ent=8&t=' + new Date().getTime(); var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ac, s); })();",3.5,"Alignment Healthcare
3.5","Orange, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
147,Software Engineer - Data Visualization,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels who are experienced with data visualization, interactive data-driven visualizations, and user interface design. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for the design and development of data visualization software, techniques, and algorithms.
The candidate should have experience creating and building custom, re-usable data visualizations based on statistical and mathematical modeling and data analysis to be used to solve a variety of problems related to data reporting. Seeking engineers with the ability to overcome information overload, are familiar with accessibility compliance, information design, and human factors and usability design.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop, and deploy analytic software solutions
Self-motivated with a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Designing, developing, and deploying data visualizations, interactive dashboards, and user interface solutions
Applying knowledge of technical computing platforms, tools, and techniques to analyze information and data requirements obtained from data scientists, analysts, and other business stakeholders
Planning and proposing solutions for the optimization of data integration strategies, intuitive designs, and enterprise interactive dashboards
Formulating simulation models of operational problems and proposed solutions related to integrating and analyzing using dynamic data visualizations that incorporate intuitive interfaces, infographics, interactive drill-downs, movements
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams on the use of data visualizations developed
Collecting feedback to make continuous improvements to new and existing data visualizations
Contributing to guidelines and design conventions and standards for modeling and data visualizations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design, development, and deployment of software systems
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Front-end application frameworks such as Vue, React, Angular
HTML/CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Zurb, Material
Experience developing client-side applications using JavaScript
JavaScript libraries such as Bootstrap, jQuery, Leaflet, D3.js
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Comfortable meeting with customers and peers to explore change requests, bugs and new ideas
Customer technical support experience
Documentation experience, to include up-front design documentation


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
148,Epidemiologist- Data Analyst,-1,"Description

Instructs all levels of Enterprise-Wide information system managers and users, including but not limited to CHAS application users, on various epidemiology and database applications.

Coordinates database; create user profiles; query system to produce reports; perform data cleaning and quality control, and maintain data dictionary statistics.
Develop and implement empirically sound data analysis plans in keeping with evaluation and research questions.
Perform routine and complex statistical analysis, ensuring statistical integrity and efficiency using statistical software, such as Statistical Package Social Sciences (SPSS), R+, or Statistical Analysis Software (SAS).
Coordinate all data collection and entry activities, ensuring minimum data integrity standards and completion of tasks in a timely manner.
Identify data entry barriers, working with program staff to research and address issues.
Collaborate with staff to implement data entry plans, scheduling, and monitoring completion of tasks; recommend strategies for optimizing and integrating data across multiple platforms.
Analyze reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing appropriate communication with staff.
Generate routine and ad hoc reports, charts, and other department presentation materials.
Provide support to develop new data collection instruments and pilot testing.
Implement or support all research and program evaluation projects, including writing evaluation plans and research proposals, publications, and researching grant opportunities.
Update evaluation data; provide to staff requests for data; and conduct routine e-literature search.
Identify and interpret trends and patterns in complex data sets. Develop and conduct surveys and focus groups, and gather other forms of qualitative data, including participant recruitment, volunteer training, and scheduling.
Research and provide surveillance accounts of emerging research findings in the field as they relate to key areas.
Develop and design systems based or automated solutions to enable data collection, tracking, and reporting.
Engage operational and Line of Air Force (LAF) leadership and functional managers where necessary to identify and procure data sharing and user agreements.

Minimum Qualification and Experience:

Expert knowledge of statistical software to perform complex statistical analysis and to compute data, including regression and modeling, required.
Minimum of four (4) years of experience, preferably within the last five (5) years working in a similar public health role, conducting epidemiologic research and/or program evaluation and statistical analysis preferred.

Education: Master’s degree required in any one of these areas: Epidemiology, Biostatistics/Statistics, Public Health, or closely related fields.

The position is contingent on contract award.

CITIZENSHIP AND CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

Must be eligible to work in the US.
Must be able to pass a National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI).

ASI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We E-Verify all employees.

Competitive market-based salary, commensurate with experience and education
Comprehensive benefits available (Medical, Dental, PTO, 401k etc).",2.5,"1st American
2.5","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
149,Jr. Software Engineer - Ruby,"$43k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Software Engineer - Ruby

We are looking for an junior Ruby on Rails Software Developer. You will join a new team building the next generation of our platform from the ground up. This is a full-time salaried position with great benefits. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Verisys is committed to protecting the health and safety of our employees. We plan to be working from home for the rest of 2020. When it is safe to return to the office, we will do so in a phased approach.

Our office is located in South Jordan and has easy access to I-15 and Frontrunner. There are several restaurants within walking distance. If you know Ruby on Rails and you would like to use your knowledge to help us provide transparency within healthcare and help push out the wrong people in healthcare, apply today. We promise you will love working in our purpose-driven workplace with a focus on driving the best human[e] experience at work.

A day in the life:
Work within your scrum team to produce robust, performant, testable, quality code
Design and build products for both internal and external customers
Work as part of an agile development team to solve challenging problems
What we are looking for:
Intermediate knowledge of software engineering skills and practices
Strong eye for details and the ability to spot and call out deviations and abnormalities
Strong bias for quality and excellence in all your projects
Strong written and communication skills
Take extreme ownership for your stories, product, and team
Hungry to learn and grow
Position Requires:
A minimum of 1 years of professional hands-on software engineering experience with Ruby / RoR
A minimum of 1 year professional experience with Restful API's
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other related discipline (or equivalent experience)
Not required but we’d love to see:
Multi-client SASS application experience
Big Data experience
React / other Javascript framework experience
AWS / Docker / K8 experience
ElasticSearch experience
Healthcare of Pharmaceutical experience
Awesome Benefits:
Amazing medical, dental, vision plans – with little or no cost to you
Generous Paid Time Off
11 Company Paid Holidays per year
Short-Term and Long-term Disability & company paid Life Insurance
Fully Vested 401(k) Plan with Company Match
Tuition Reimbursement Program
Company Overview:
Verisys is the leading provider of the most accurate and comprehensive data and responsive technology tools to inform health care organizations on building and sustaining a fully screened, monitored and compliant workforce. Since 1992, Verisys has been leading the health care industry by providing the highest quality data coupled with deep healthcare industry experience. We help organizations understand the complexities of sanctions, including disciplinary actions and the implications of licensing requirements in order to maximize their results to hire safe team members, mitigate risk of reputational damage, financial loss, legal entanglement or regulatory noncompliance. Verisys solutions ensure regulatory compliance and prevent healthcare waste, abuse, and fraud. Verisys’ products and services include provider data and content, credentialing, primary source verification services, screening monitoring and notification services, identity/authentication tied to credentials management and regulatory compliance products and services.

At Verisys, you can have a rewarding career on every level. In addition to challenging and meaningful work, you’ll have the chance to give back to your community, make a positive impact on the environment, participate in a range of diversity and inclusion initiatives, and find the support, coaching, and training it takes to advance your career. Our commitment to individual choice lets you customize aspects of your career path, your educational opportunities, and your benefits. And our culture of innovation means your ideas on how to improve our business and our clients will be heard.

Verisys embraces diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer",4.3,"Verisys
4.3","South Jordan, UT",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
150,"Senior Software Engineer, Data Pipeline",-1,"As a Senior Software Engineer you will be part of the engineering team at ServiceTitan to help improve our products and build new ones. This is an exciting role for an engineer to come in and lead the major feature development in the rapidly growing startup. We build for perfection, use the most modern tools on Microsoft .NET platform, have an amazing culture, and love to solve complex problems. If you share the same values, you might find yourself in a perfect company.

As our Senior Software Engineer, you will:
Architect, design, and implement user-facing features end-to-end
Work with product managers, designers, and engineers to prototype and implement product features
Communicate effectively with other engineers, product managers, customers, and partners.
60% development / 40% working on requirements, mentorship, supervision.
To be successful in this role, you'll need:
4+ years of industry experience
Expert-level knowledge of:
Microsoft .NET technology stack (C# / .NET, ASP.NET MVC, Web APIs) and SQL databases (Microsoft SQL Server or any other)
HTML5 and JavaScript; experience such front-end frameworks as React and Knockout.js is a plus
Ability to empathize with our users and champion for their experience.
Ability to use data-driven approach for product decisions. Experience with A/B testing is a plus.
Strong communication and technical writing skills
Experience with Git, unit testing, debugging, profiling, Visual Studio, JIRA, and other tools that are typically used by developers on Microsoft technology stack.
Why ServiceTitan?

1. Work/Life Balance: flexible work schedule, flexible PTO, parental leave
Health & Wellness: company-paid medical/visual/dental insurance, 401(k) retirement plan with company match, lunch provided everyday, fully-stocked kitchens, weekly meditation, wellness rooms, discount on Classpass
Enrichment: professional development workshops, diversity charter groups, an orientation program, career pathing opportunities

Equal Opportunity Employer

ServiceTitan does not discriminate against employees based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, age, disability, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical condition), genetic information, protected military or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. At ServiceTitan, our mission is to help our Titans and customers achieve the extraordinary. We are an equal opportunity employer and we celebrate the diversity that each Titan brings to the table. We believe that the convergence of fresh, unique perspectives and experiences from all walks of life is what makes our product and culture so great - and there's always room for more.

CCPA Notice for CA Residents applying to Jobs at ServiceTitan

Please review the CCPA Notice here: ServiceTitan CCPA California Privacy Notice

Life at ServiceTitan

http://instagram.com/lifeatservicetitan | https://www.themuse.com/profiles/servicetitan | https://www.builtinla.com/company/servicetitan-inc

About ServiceTitan

ServiceTitan is a mobile, cloud-based software platform that helps home services companies streamline operations, improve customer service, and grow their business. ServiceTitan's end-to-end solution for the multi-billion dollar residential home services industry includes CRM, intelligent dispatch, custom reporting, marketing automation, mobile solution for field techs, and accounting integration with Intacct and QuickBooks. ServiceTitan brings a fully operational modern SaaS infrastructure to an industry traditionally underserved by software. ServiceTitan is the preferred software for hundreds of the world's most successful plumbing, HVAC, and electrical companies. For more information about ServiceTitan, visit www.ServiceTitan.com.

Forbes Top 100 Software Companies, 2019
Inc 5000 Most Successful Companies in America, 2019
Inc 5000 Best Places to Work, 2019
Los Angeles Business Journal Best Places to Work, 2019
Deloitte Fast 500, 2019
Los Angeles Business Journal Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Companies, 2018
Inc 5000 Best Places to Work, 2018
Inc 5000 America's Fastest Growing Companies, 2018
Glassdoor/Battery Ventures Highest Rated Cloud Computing Companies, 2018
Mogul Top 1000 Companies Worldwide for Millennial Women 2018
Forbes Next Billion-Dollar Startup List, 2017

#LI-ES1",3.5,"ServiceTitan
3.5",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
151,Database Administrator,-1,"Database Administrator
PROGUARD WARRANTY, INC Avoca, PA

Automotive consumer coverage provider offering a comprehensive menu of fully insured new and pre-owned vehicle service contracts is seeking a Database Administrator for our growing enterprise. With a focus on innovation and industry-leading technology, ProGuard is looking for a candidate to join our team. The primary responsibility of this position is to import /export data, general reporting, tracking and auditing data. Must have excellent analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills. Bachelor’s degree in information technology or computer science. SQL database knowledge; a plus.

Responsibilities:
Import/Export data
General reporting
Tracking and Auditing data
Qualifications:
SQL database knowledge a plus
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology/Computer Science

Ideal Candidate:
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Analytical, problem-solving abilities and critical thinking skills.
Patient individual who can facilitate questions and remain calm in high stress situations.
Considerable organizational skills, with ability to prioritize and multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
Self-motivated, able to stay focused and complete tasks in a timely manner with limited supervision.
Comfortable communicating with individuals of all levels inside and outside the organization.
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Life insurance
401k retirement plan",4.3,"ProGuard Warranty
4.3","Wilkes-Barre, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
152,Senior ETL Developer (Active TS SCI with Polygraph),-1,"Volume Integration, LLC partners with our customers to deliver leading edge ""Big Data"" analytics solutions.

By leveraging our teams' extensive experience in cloud capabilities and emerging technologies, we design and deploy custom solutions to unique and evolving challenges. Volume employees and their families are our number one priority, while also ensuring our customer's mission and success remain the primary focus and objective.

If you are a motivated individual willing to tackle challenging, and interesting problems in cyber security, big data, and machine learning, come be a part of our dynamic team!

Job Description

Volume Integration is seeking a highly motivated, self-directed professional to fill the role of Senior ETL Developer. This position will be based at our customer site in the Tysons Corner, VA area but will go complete initial training in Chantilly, VA.

The Senior ETL Developer will have the ability to understand, develop, and enhance all parts of the data pipeline: ingestion, processing, storage, and exposing data for consumption to multiple stakeholders. The position further requires working with various mission stakeholders, communicating system features and concepts to other users and developers, and interacting with program management. Additional responsibilities include assisting other developers, debugging various development and O&M processes, and system documentation.

Required Qualifications:

Active TS/SCI with Polygraph clearance
A degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or specialized experience in a scientific or technical discipline
Java 8 and up
Elasticsearch
Relational database experience - SQL and design (MySQL)
AWS (S3, RDS, CloudWatch, EC2, etc.)
Must have 8+ years of experience with the above technologies
Desired Qualifications:

AWS - SDK programming
Python
HBASE
MapReduce (EMR)
HDFS
Gradle
Avro
Mongo
Git
Java Profiler
Many Volume positions require an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Volume Integration, LLC. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.",4.4,"Volume Integration, LLC
4.4","Tysons Corner, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
153,Cloud Engineer,-1,"Who YOU are:
As a future Cloud Engineer at Plus3 IT Systems, you:
Are passionate about working on cutting edge, high profile projects and are motivated by delivering solutions on an aggressive schedule
Aren't satisfied with status quo, and regularly look for creative ways to solve problems and help your team meet commitments
Are insatiably curious you ask why, you explore, and you're not afraid to blurt out your crazy idea
Love learning new technologies and sharing them with your team
Have a keen interest in using any and all appropriate tools, especially Cloud-based and Open Sourced, to solve the problem at hand
Have strong verbal and written communication skills, due to the dynamic nature of collaborations with customers, vendors, and other engineering teams to solve complex business problems together
Use your experience and leadership skills to motivate your teammates to deliver high quality results in a fast-paced work environment
Lead by example, a true leader that is dedicated to helping our customers enjoy solutions crafted artistically, delivered on time, and nurturing teammates along the way

What you'll be doing:
Supporting a large federal government agency that is in the process of implementing an innovate strategy to modernize its global network and enterprise services in a hybrid environment - on-prem and cloud. Your role is to participate on a team that supports the agency in the design, implementation, and transition to operations cloud enabled applications and data solutions for current and future customer requirements. Subsequently, you will support iterations of new capabilities and cloud services via established engineering review, change management and continuous monitoring processes. You will participate in architecture and design sessions to develop solutions that meet and exceed security requirements and utilize automation and other best practices to drive down sustainment costs.
Responsibilities include:
Serve as a member of the technical team for the design and implementation of an enterprise broker platform.
Design solutions that ensure maximum flexibility and scalability, while meeting all required security controls.
Support the development of all required documentation necessary to support the engineering, security and operational processes.
Develop technical and marketing materials, collaboratively with the communications team, to promote the solution for Agency-wide adoption.
Perform business and technical alternative analysis for any/all aspects of the solution, aiding the customer is making decisions along the way.
Facilitate the transition of the solution to operations, initially and ongoing ensuring at all times the system is operating within the anticipated operating boundaries.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Engineering or Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
At least five (5) years of professional IT experience performing ISSE or security operations duties in support of federal government agencies.
Active Top Secret security clearance required, with ability to obtain SCI and CI Poly
Security+ Certification or CISSP

Desired Technical Skills and Qualifications:
Hands-on experience with AWS (preferred), Azure, or other cloud services
Experience designing and delivering large-scale solutions, most of which that have advanced to the production state.
Strong grasp of cloud computing SaaS, PaaS and IaaS fundamentals with experience designing and implementing solutions.
AWS Certification or Azure Cloud Architect Certification (or desire to obtain certification for junior level candidates)
Experience with NIST SP 800-37, 800-53 preferred
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.",4.5,"Plus3 IT Systems
4.5","Charlottesville, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
154,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$167k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Luminar Technologies is seeking a Senior Data Engineer to contribute to the development efforts of our end-to-end data pipeline and corresponding web applications. Our vision is to make autonomous transportation safe and ubiquitous. Far too many lives are lost in vehicle accidents each year. Because when real people’s lives are at stake, driving safely 99% of the time isn't good enough. We just launched Hydra, and it’s capabilities are unmatched: road tracking out to 80m, lanes to 150m, and objects to 250m. Visit us @ https://www.luminartech.com/ to find out more.

*We are interviewing and on-boarding candidates completely virtually until the County of Santa Clara eases restrictions due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our team is currently entirely working from home, except for those individuals carrying out ‘essential’ business activities.

Responsibilities
Contribute to the development of automotive-grade software for perception and self-driving applications based on Luminar’s industry leading LiDAR platform
Implementation of BigData infrastructure and services
Quality control of data infrastructure and data service development
Automation of data infrastructure
Implementation of data transformation and streaming services
Manage site reliability of data services
Minimum Qualifications
B.S. in Computer Science or a related field
4+ years of relevant industry experience
Already shipped and operated Big Data systems in production environments
Experience in scalability of data systems
Experience Cloud services, Cloud deployment and developer operations
Hands-on Big Data software and infrastructure development skills
Expert knowledge in technologies like Kafka, Kibana/Elastic, Spark, Airflow or Hadoop
Hands-on experience of data storage and schemes like Avro, Parquet
Very strong coding skills in Java or C++ and Python
Preferred Qualifications
Expert knowledge in rational, no-sql and distributed data stores
M.S. in Computer Science or a related field
Operational experience with on-prem and cloud data systems
Experience with large-scale ingestion architectures
Hands-on experience in data streaming technologies
Experience in cloud and on-premises data systems
Experience with Machine Learning and/or Computer Vision algorithms
Benefits & Perks
Location: HQ near Stanford University in the beautiful city of Palo Alto, California
Timing: A start-up backed by industry leaders, at a critical stage of growth
Compensation: Competitive salaries and meaningful equity
Benefits: Comprehensive package (medical, dental, vision, and more)
PTO: Take it when you need it, we are a results-oriented team (not just 9-5 job)
Luminar is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, gender identity, results of genetic testing, service in the military, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. We will make a reasonable accommodation for any qualified applicant with a disability, provided that the individual is otherwise qualified to safely perform the essential functions of the job with or without accommodation and that the accommodation would not impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please let us know if you believe you require reasonable accommodation, or if you would like assistance to complete an application or to participate in an interview at the company.",4.1,"Luminar
4.1","Palo Alto, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
155,Senior Geotechnical Engineer,-1,"SENIOR GEOTECHNICAL ENGINEERING PROFESSIONAL*
_AWK Consulting Engineers, Inc._ has an immediate need for a Senior Geotechnical Engineering Professional at its headquarters location in Pittsburgh, PA. Self-motivated individuals with 10-15 years of relevant work experience and strong academic background should submit a cover letter and résumé to AWK, per the instructions below.
Requirements of the Geotechnical Professional: *
BS in Civil or Geological Engineering (or associated engineering discipline); MS preferred.
10-15 years of experience in geotechnical engineering.
PE certification.
Project experience with bridges, roadways, retaining walls, soil and rock slopes, embankments, buildings and various methods of ground improvements.
The candidate must be able to manage and be in responsible charge of multiple projects from the inception stage to project closure.
Dependable drive and character, as demonstrated with a stable work history.
Possess computer skills, including: Microsoft Suite, Project Management Software; and a working knowledge of geotechnical/structural analysis design software.
Strong organizational and interpersonal skills.
Superior communication skills, including verbal, social, and writing; the ability to interface with a diverse range of colleagues, clients, and other stakeholders.
Duties and Capabilities of the Geotechnical Professional: *
Design and analysis of various shallow and deep foundation systems for structures, including calculations to determine bearing resistance or load carrying capacity of the foundations along with the estimation of foundation settlements under different subsurface conditions and structural loading combinations.
Design and analysis of various permanent and temporary earth retention systems such as concrete gravity, soldier beam and lagging, sheet pile walls, etc.
Slope stability analysis utilizing computer programs such as GSTABL and SLIDE.
Design and analysis of MSE walls and Reinforced Soil Slopes.
Preparation and supervision of the final geotechnical engineering reports. This activity requires excellent verbal communication skills as well as writing capabilities.
Direct and manage various types of projects in the government, industrial, and private sectors that will include highways, bridges, culverts, dams, tunnels, and public infrastructure improvements along with manufacturing facilities, tanks and towers and various commercial and residential developments.
Planning and execution of geotechnical exploration and providing oversight of geotechnical investigations including directing drilling subcontractors.
Direct, manage and supervise Junior Engineers with respect to field exploration, inspection and classifying soil and rock retrieved during drilling; prepare boring logs for various types of projects.
Responsible for data collection utilizing various types of field instrumentation such as inclinometers, piezometers and settlement monitoring devices.
Computer skills including MS Word, MS Excel, L-PILE, P-Y Wall, MathCAD, Slope Stability & Wave Equation Analysis Program (WEAP & GRLWEAP).
Co-design and manage multiple geotechnical engineering projects, concurrently.
Co-coordinate and execute various projects with Project and Junior Engineers.
Work alongside project management teams to successfully monitor progress and implementation of initiatives.
Perform other related duties, as required.
Working Conditions: *
Full-time, 40 hours per week.
Occasional travel to client work sites.
Pittsburgh office location in Turtle Creek, PA
AWK provides competitive wage/benefit packages, including family medical, dental, and 401(k).
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $39.00 - $49.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Relocation assistance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Geotechnical Engineering: 10 years (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
No",3.8,"AWK Consulting Engineers, Inc.
3.8","Turtle Creek, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
156,Senior Composites Design and Manufacturing Engineer,"$62k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Plans, directs, and coordinates manufacturing processes by performing the following duties. Assists in training and leading Manufacturing and Composite Engineers on issues.
• Perform composite ply development and ply nesting for the programs within the company using CATIA V5, CPX composites design and TruComposites software.
• Create laser programs for structures within the company using LPX software.
• Work hands-on with composite lay-up and bonding personnel in the fabrication of composite and metal bond parts and assemblies.
• Provide technical support and guidance to lay-up and bonding personnel in the fabrication of composite and metal bond parts
• Ability to conduct and oversee standard mechanical and physical testing of composite materials in accordance with ASTM and aerospace industry specifications.
• Provide technical material, process, and design assistance to the manufacturing departments within the
company, monitoring, administrating, and resolving technical issues on engineering projects.
• Responsible for composite material qualifications and to develop and implement test plans within the company.
• Determine test methods and procedures in conjunction with customers and or material suppliers.
• Lead and participate in Kaizan events to solve production/operations problems.
• Evaluate adhesives, primers, processing techniques and materials for use within the company.
• Interface with customers on materials and processes issues.
• Provide technical input to assist in the fabrication of tooling and the resolution of tooling issues.
• Lead or assist in customer audits (NADCAP, AS9100, etc.).
• Develop manufacturing processes (Bill of Materials, Work Instructions, Travelers) for sheet metal and composite parts fabrication to customer requirements using customer supplied data (drawing, mylars and tooling). Must meet job release deadlines.
• Lead/Support root cause and corrective action teams.
• Confers with vendors to determine product specifications and arrange for purchase of equipment, materials, or parts, and evaluates products according to specifications and quality standards.
• Confers with management, engineering, and other staff regarding manufacturing capabilities, production schedules, and other considerations to facilitate production processes.
• Conducts research into and development of innovative processing and fabrication techniques in the application of advanced composite materials (graphite/polyimide, graphite /epoxy, graphite/bismaleimide, thermoplastics) honeycomb cores and adhesives to aerospace structures and vehicles.

Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
• This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. §120.15 is required
• Must be “Hands On”.
• Must be proficient and have extensive experience with CATIA V5, CPX and TruComposites software.
• Must be proficient and have extensive experience with laser projection programming and LPX software.
• Possess a background and knowledge in composite materials and processes (graphite/polyimide, graphite /epoxy, graphite/bismaleimide, thermoplastics, honeycomb cores and adhesives) used in aerospace structures and vehicles.
• Knowledge of industry practices and standards, with a focus on the fabrication, qualification, and testing of composite materials
• Possess strong organizational and planning abilities.
• Be a self-starter and be able to work independently with minimal oversight.
• Must be able to read and understand blueprints and process specifications.
• Must be familiar with the engineering and processing of composites and bonding processes for both metals and composites.
• Meets commitments, is high energy, self-motivated, works independently, accepts accountability, handles changes, sets personal standards, stays focused under pressure, meets attendance/punctuality requirements.
• Ability to work constructively with a team of manufacturing and quality personnel, engineers and technicians.
• Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals.
• Ability to write test plans and technical reports.
• Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.
• Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry.
• Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.
• Ability to solve technical and practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.
• Ability to use Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Project Software
• In addition, having knowledge of Epicor software is desired

Education and/or Experience
Bachelor's degree (B.S.) from four-year college or university in aeronautical, chemical or mechanical engineering or material science. In addition, applicants should have seven to ten years of experience in aerospace or related industries.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
Composites Design and Manufacturing Engineer: 10 years (Required)",3.0,"TIGHITCO
3.0","Ladson, SC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
157,Data Analyst,"$50k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Rational is growing, and we need amazing talent to join our team. If you have an entrepreneurial attitude with a deep spirit of service and killer subject expertise, we want to talk to you. We are always looking for the next great consultant to raise the bar and push Rational to be better than we were yesterday. Staying hungry, curious, and looking forward to what’s next is part of our DNA.

This Data Analyst will be part of Rational's Technology & Data Practice and supporting one of our large biotech projects. This individual will provide strategic and tactical consultation, leadership in delivering solutions, and oversight of processes and systems.  The position requires solid technical foundation, domain knowledge, as well as strong verbal and written communication skills with a proven ability to clearly communicate technical information to a non-technical audience.

This is a full time position within Rational's Technology Practice. This position is not available for Visa sponsorship or C2C work.

What you will do:
Serve as the Business Analyst subject matter expert supporting, but not limited to Commercial portfolio
Network with a new and evolving IT environment, business team, and vendors to foster strong relationships and build partnerships
Understand strategy and how it translates to executable programs, projects, and efforts that align with strategic goals while taking the environmental constraints and opportunities into account
Collaborate with cross-functional professionals to deliver high-quality and innovative solutions that meet the business needs and create new opportunities
Provide analytic support of various levels of complexity including large, multi-year, cross-functional efforts with internal and external influencing factors
Negotiate conflicts and complex issues to an expeditious and satisfactory resolution
What you will bring:
3+ years of exposure to the orchestrating technology solutions for technical and/or Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical organizations
3+ years of experience in the Business Analysis or equivalent role with solution delivery and process improvement supporting cross-functional implementation of IT solutions in the Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical industry
3+ years of experience in organization financials, financial reporting
Familiarity with applications used in the business area such as Salesforce and Veeva
Working experience in SQL Server and Snowflake (preferred, but not required)
Proven knowledge of IT solutions and application management through various product cycles and evolving work environments
Demonstrated technical understanding of application architecture to include application servers, web servers, configuration files, relational databases, and reporting applications
Ability to proactively plan, organize, deliver with limited oversight, prioritize, and quickly adapt to changing situations
Excellent communication skills, including the ability to interface and influence internal and external partners at multiple organization levels
Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills, with a high degree of self-motivation and ability to work independently
Proficient in essential tools such as Power BI, Smartsheets, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.
Who you are:
Data Lover. You know your numbers and value the metrics behind the buyer story.
Collaborative to the Core. Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment, as a leader and member.
Well-rounded Professional. You have amazing communication and organizational skills along with high EQ.
Proactive. You are always thinking ahead about what is best for the Client.
Adaptable. Change happens at lightning speed; you are flexible, enjoy challenge, and get behind new ideas
Rational is a customer experience (CX) solutions firm that pairs the capabilities of a strategic consultancy with the creativity of a full-service digital agency. We design and activate compelling experiences that create strong connections between people and brands. We put humans at the center of business and partner with our clients to deliver meaningful experiences that help their customers while driving business success. Customer satisfaction at every level is our ultimate metric, and it's what drives our mindset, skillset, and company culture.

Incredible people are our non-negotiable. Our experienced team of consultants spans the globe. We love what we do, and who we do it with – let’s begin our next chapter together.

Rational is committed to ensuring all candidates have an equal opportunity to be considered for employment. Please let us know if you need any reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process.",2.7,"Rational
2.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
158,"Senior Staff Engineer, PMIC Design","$94k-$207k
(Glassdoor Est.)","pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

This individual will be a lead within the core Power Management design team, participate in design activities, and be instrumental in converting pSemi technology into disruptive products for our target markets. The role will support product during the entire product life cycle from product definition through product release to end-of-life. As part of a cross-functional product development team the Senior Staff Engineer will support other essential disciplines including marketing and applications, project management, characterization, production and test engineering.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
Product Definition: Assist Marketing in defining new products through feasibility studies and technical competitive analyses
Product Lead: Top level architecture, sub-block definitions and leading small team of engineers to implement design
Product Design and Evaluation: Schematic Capture, IC layout, Simulation, Package Analysis, Evaluation Board Design, Design Validation, and mentoring engineers
Product Documentation: Document all relevant product and design information to educate others on novel design techniques and provide guidance on product usage
Product Characterization: Work with Characterization and Test Engineers to define, conduct and analyze data from product performance characterization
Production ATE Development: Work with Test Engineers to define, develop and ramp production ATE solutions
Product Support: Work with Applications, Product, Test and Manufacturing Engineers to help answer customer questions, assess field failures, support yield improvements, etc.
Technology Development: work with Technologists to define the technology roadmap, addressing the performance and functional requirements of the product roadmap
Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Critical Thinking: Skilled at finding logical flaws in arguments and plans; identifies problems and solutions that others might miss; provides detailed insight and constructive criticism into problems and complex situations
Working with Ambiguity: Achieves forward progress in the face of poorly defined situations and/or unclear goals; able to work effectively with limited or partial information.
Displaying Technical Expertise: Keeps his/her technical skills current; effectively applies specialized knowledge and skills to perform work tasks; understands and masters the technical skills, knowledge, and tasks associated with his/her job; shares technical expertise with others
Driving for Results: Aggressively pursues challenging goals and objectives; will to put in considerable time and effort to accomplish objectives; takes a highly focused, goal driven approach toward work
Making Accurate Judgments and Decisions: Bases decisions on a systematic review of relevant facts and information; avoids making assumptions or rushing to judgment; provides clear rationale for decisions
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
7 years of experience in analog integrated circuit design and power management circuit design
4 years of experience in semiconductor industry
Demonstrated working Silicon in more than one foundry process
Solid understanding of analog circuit theory and power management circuits
Capable in refining the product definition
Excellent analog integrated circuit and power management implementation skills
Experience debugging, probing and characterizing silicon using standard lab equipment
Preferred Qualifications
Participated in at least 5 power management chip products on the market today
Collaborated on at least 10 analog IC chip designs
System level understanding
Experience in a startup environment
Experience in inventions and patent (co-)authorship
Solid knowledge of industry standard design conventions and rules in analog circuit design; knowledge in reducing design risk
Possess excellent project management skills
Creative and innovative on the architectural level
Track record of thorough implementation and first working Silicon
Proficiency in design tools such as Cadence
Education Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Master’s or PhD preferred
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com",3.7,"pSemi
3.7","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
159,Dev Ops Engineer,"$46k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Essential Functions:

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Work closely with development and technical teams in deploying their applications and automating resource provisioning.
Provide operational support for new and existing sites/software, and debugging production issues.
Perform functions required for the deployment, configuration, support, and troubleshooting of issues within the Credit Union’s complicated technical environment while building and maintaining a suite of automation scripts and packages to support his function.
Enable and assist teams with Application Performance Monitoring.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned by Manager(s).

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Competencies:

Achieve goals beyond job requirements and take prompt action to accomplish objectives.
Clearly convey and receive information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the listener, helps them understand and retain the message, and invites response and feedback. Keep others informed as appropriate. Demonstrate good written, oral, and listening skills.
Consistently maintain high levels of activity or productivity; sustain long hours when necessary, work with vigor, effectivenss and determination over a sustained period
Break down problems into component and recognize the interrelationships; make sound, well-informed, and objective decisions. Compare data, information, and input from a variety of sources to draw conclusions; take action that is consistent with available facts, constraints, and probable consequences.
Organize work, set priorities, and determine reources requirements; determines necessary sequence of activities needed to achieve goals.
Build constructive working relationships with clients/customers, other work units, community organizations and others to meet mutual goals and objectives. Behave professionally and supportively when working with individuals from a variety of ethnic, social and educational backgrounds.
Commitment to developing professionally by attending professional conferences and taking advantage of a variety of learning activities.
Introduce newly gained knowledge, focus on best practices, and value cutting-edge practices and approaches.

Education and Experience Requirements:

4-year degree in Information Systems or equivalent work experience.
2+ years of experience with Information/Business Systems.
2+ years of experience with AWS
2+ year scripting experience in Python, Powershell, Javascript, etc
2+ years of experience in the Financial Industry, preferably in the banking space.
1+ years of experience maintaining Chef, Ansible or Puppet (Ansible preferred)
1+ years of experience with network/server configuration for automated software deployment
1+ years of experience programming in C#, Java, etc.

Additional Eligibility Requirements:

Ability to use a wide variety of licensed and open source technologies and tools.
Ability to code and script for both physical and virtualized environments, such as AWS and Azure.
Experience with systems, IT operations, process improvement and best practices of the same.
Comfort with frequent, incremental code testing and deployment.
Strong grasp of automation tools, such as Ansible, Chef or Puppet.
Proven work in Continuous Integration using Jenkins or equivalent.
Ability to build and maintain proper source code repositories in SVN and GIT.
Comfort with collaboration, open communication and reaching across functional borders.
Adherence to policies, procedures and documentation standards.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Work Environment:

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopier/scanner, filing cabinets, and fax machines.

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. This is a largely sedentary role. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand, talk, hear, and use hands and fingers to handle, feel or operate objects, tools or controls and to reach with hands and arms. Ability to operate a computer is required.

Travel:
Minimal, as required by the business or professional development.

Service Excellence: The DCU Way:
All employees are expected to provide service excellence the “DCU Way” through teamwork and by providing quality service to internal and external members, incorporating the Guiding Principles of DCU’s culture:

People come first
Do the right thing
Make a difference

Bank Secrecy Act (BSA):

All Credit Union employees are required to complete all BSA related training annually and maintain knowledge of current BSA policies, specifically those related to functions performed within the department and identify and report possible suspicious activity.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.7,"Digital Federal Credit Union
3.7","Marlborough, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1979,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
160,"Data Engineer, Partnerships Central Systems, Data and Tools","$115k-$187k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

Facebook is looking for exceptionally talented and experienced data engineers to join the Partnerships Central Systems, Data and Tools team. The Partnerships team at Facebook works with leading content creators, publishers, and businesses in entertainment, sports, news, and many other verticals. This role is a unique opportunity to work with one of the most important datasets in the world to create analytics tools and systems that enable field organizations, analysts and clients alike. You will work with some of the brightest minds in the industry, and get an opportunity to solve some of the most challenging business problems on the web and mobile Internet, at a scale that few companies can match. The ideal candidate will have a passion for problem solving and a belief in the power of incremental change in a fast-paced environment.
Develop methods to unlock access to data for stakeholders across the Partnerships Organization
Design, build and maintain efficient & reliable data pipelines to move and transform data (both large and small amounts)
Architect build and launch new data models that provide intuitive analytics
Design and develop new systems and tools to enable folks to consume and understand data faster
Work cross-functionally to define problem statements, collect data, and make recommendations
Build data expertise and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership
Work with data infrastructure to triage infra issues and drive to resolution
Support on-call shift as needed to support the team
BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Math or related field
4+ years experience in custom ETL/data pipeline design, implementation and maintenance
4+ years experience of SQL (Oracle, Vertica, Hive, etc.)
Expert coding skills with at least one object-oriented programming language (Python, Java, PHP)
Experience with data architecture, data modeling, schema design and software development
Experience with large data sets, Hadoop, and data visualization tools
Experience initiating and driving projects, and communicating data warehouse plans to internal clients/stakeholders
Experience with packages such as R, Tableau, SPSS, SAS, STATA, etc.
Familiar with version control systems (Git, Mercurial, etc.)
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.",4.5,"Facebook
4.5","Menlo Park, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
161,"Software Engineer 2, Big Data","$96k-$177k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

The Intuit Data Engineering team is looking for a Software Engineer 2, Big Data with a winning track record in Big Data and Distributed Systems. We’re using data in groundbreaking ways to uncover customer insights, personalize customer experiences through AI/ML, and provide a unified customer view across all Intuit products.

Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, Los Angeles, San Diego and the following teams at Intuit.

What you'll bring
BS in Computer Science. MS Preferred.
Strong CS fundamentals including data structures, algorithms and distributed systems.
Strong database fundamentals including SQL, performance and schema design.
Strong programming skills in Java, C++, Python, Ruby or similar.
2+ years of hands-on software engineering experience.
2+ years of experience integrating technical processes and business outcomes – specifically: data and process analysis, data quality metrics/monitoring, data architecture, developing policies/standards & supporting processes.
Experience with Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Spark, Kafka, Storm, Druid, Cassandra, Columnar Databases and Graph Databases.
Experience with varios offerings from AWS, including S3, EMR, Redshift, Data Pipeline, Athena and Kinesis is a plus.
History of contributing to open source projects is a plus.
2+ years DevOps experience including configuration, optimization, backup, high reliability, monitoring and systems version control.
Track record working with data from multiple sources – willingness to dig-in and understand the data and to leverage creative thinking and problem-solving.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, including business writing and presentations. Ability to communicate objectives, plans, status and results clearly, focusing on critical few key points. Demonstrated ability to work in a matrix environment, ability to influence at all levels, and build strong relationships.
Knowledge of enacting service level agreements and the appropriate escalation and communication plans to maintain them.
How you will lead
Design and develop big data and real-time analytics solutions using industry standard technologies.
Develop web services that make big data available in real-time for in-product applications.
Work with data architects to ensure that Big Data solutions are aligned with company-wide technology directions.
Lead fast moving development teams using agile methodologies.
Lead by example, demonstrating best practices for unit testing, CI/CD, performance testing, capacity planning, documentation, monitoring, alerting, and incident response.
Communicate progress across organizations and levels from individual contributor to senior executive. Identify and clarify the critical few issues that need action and drive appropriate decisions and actions. Communicate results clearly and in actionable form.
Work with our core technologies – Hadoop, Spark, AWS, Vertica, Tableau, Cassandra, Graph Databases and others.
Demonstrate strong implementation aptitude to translate objectives into a scalable solution to meet the needs of the end customer while meeting deadlines.
Demonstrate commitment to your professional development by attending conferences, taking classes, giving technical presentations, and participating in developer communities inside and outside of Intuit.",4.1,"Intuit - Software Engineering
4.1","Woodland Hills, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1983,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
162,Cloud Data Engineer,"$53k-$100k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are!

At Maven Wave, we are relentless in hiring the industrys top talent. Each employee is hand-picked not only for their skills, but for their personality and broad expertise. We are looking for this rare combination of talent that sets us apart in the industry.

Maven Wave helps leading companies make the shift to digital and shorten the fuse to innovation. We combine the expertise of top-tier consulting with the agility of a cutting-edge technology firm. This multidisciplinary blend of skills allows us to create unique digital advantages for our clients. Maven Waves digital solutions are agile, mobile, rooted in analytics, and built in the cloud.


Maven Wave, Google, and YOU: Help us build data driven cloud solutions.

We are looking for a skilled Cloud Data Engineer to design, build, and test data ingestion and ETL programs with a strong focus on performance and data quality management.

Your Life As a Maven:
Build and implement complex data solutions in the cloud (AWS, GCP and/or Microsoft).
Uncover and recommend remediations for data quality anomalies.
Investigate, recommend and implement data ingestion and ETL performance improvements.
Document data ingestion and ETL program designs, present findings, conduct peer code reviews.
Develop and execute test plans to validate code.
Your Expertise:
4+ years experience building complex ETL programs with Informatica, DataStage, Spark, Dataflow, etc.
3+ years experience in Python and/or Java, developing complex SQL queries, and working with relational database technologies.
Experience configuring big data solutions in a cloud environment (AWS, Azure or GCP).
Experience using cloud storage and computing technologies such as BigQuery, RedShift, or Snowflake.
Experience developing complex technical and ETL programs within a Hadoop ecosystem.
Must have a bachelors degree in Computer Science, Technology, Computer Information Systems, Computer Applications, Engineering, or a related field.
Your X-Factor:
Aptitude - You have an innate capacity to transition from project to project without skipping a beat.
Communication - You have excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordination across projects and teams.
Impact - You are a critical thinker with an emphasis on creativity and innovation.
Passion - You have the drive to succeed paired with a continuous hunger to learn.
Leadership - You are trusted, empathetic, accountable, and empower others around you.
Why Were Proud To Be Mavens!
Google Cloud North America Services Partner of the Year 2019, 2018
#21 Best Workplaces in Chicago, FORTUNE, 2018
Great Place To Work Certification, Great Place to Work, 2017 & 2018
Fast Fifty, Crain's Chicago Business
101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, National Association for Business Resources (NABR)
Top Google Cloud Partner, Clutch
Fastest Growing Consulting Firms in North America (#11, #37), Consulting Magazine
Top IT Services Companies, Clutch
Google Global Rising Star Partner of the Year
Ready to Learn More?
Life as a Maven
Check out the Data Team
See what Glassdoor has to say
Real Customer Stories",4.3,"Maven Wave Partners
4.3","Chicago, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
163,Integration Engineer,"$60k-$74k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Cozen O’Connor seeks an Integration
Engineer. The Integration Engineer will
be a member of the Firm’s Systems Integration department which is responsible
for the architectural design, implementation, documentation, and support of the
Firm’s applications. The Integration Engineer will report to the Systems
Integration Manager. The Integration Engineer must be an independent
problem solver, possess excellent oral and written communication, good ability
to prioritize multiple tasks, and must have a strong desire to learn new
objectives.
Responsibilities:

Creates
custom software packages that allow for zero-touch deployment for the Firm's
software and operating systems.
Operates
enterprise configuration systems which maintain the firm's fleet of desktop,
laptop, and remote access user environments.
Manages
Microsoft Active Directory Group Policy environment (GPO/GPP).
Collaborate
with vendors, programmers, and systems owners in the integration of new
software to the firm's information systems and desktop operating systems.
Designs
and executes quality assurance processes which validate interoperability of all
core applications and ensure the quality of new software deployments and
upgrades.
Works
directly with the Help Desk and other technical operations departments in
analyzing, troubleshooting and resolving application support issues in some
cases on a 24 x 7 basis.
Works
with key stakeholders to identify needs; gathers and analyzes data in support
of systems design.
Requirements:

2-3
years of custom software packaging experience.
1-2
years of enterprise desktop management systems experience (MS SCCM preferred).
1-2
years of architectural experience with Windows operating systems.
Law
firm experience preferred.
2
or 4 year college degree is preferred.",3.7,"Cozen O Connor
3.7","Philadelphia, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Legal,Accounting & Legal,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
164,Data Engineer - RPA,"$61k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BRMi Technology is seeking a Data Engineer - ETL/PEGA to support a large client in the Northern Virginia area. This data engineer will be responsible for supporting Information System Division and the enterprise to deliver a personalized member experience, unify inbound and outbound member marketing, orchestrating experiences across channels, and make our clients marketers & ISD more efficient. The PEGA implementation will help streamline disjointed and manual campaign development processes.

The Data Engineer will support the ETL development for feeding Pega cloud application with 700+ member and account data elements.

Required:

• Extensive experience in engineering and designing data integration and delivery solutions using Informatica Power Center, SQL, and Unix /Shell scripts.
• Experience with SSIS in Azure Cloud is a huge plus.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory and Data Bricks.
• Excellent written and oral communication skills
• Hands-on experience creating automated data integration applications using data models, data mappings and business rules specifications, to load data warehouses, operational data stores, data marts, and data lakes while programmatically handling exceptions including late arriving, missing, or erroneous data.
Desired:

• Experience using Informatica PowerExchange CDC
• Ability to interpret complex mainframe copybooks, XML data feeds
• Experience configuring and using APIs
• Proficient in the data ingestion pipeline process, exception handling, and metadata management on Hadoop platforms.
• Advanced degree in MIS, computer science, statistics, marketing, management, finance or related field
• Experience providing technical and data leadership to the application development terms, IT and the enterprise.
• Prior experience in the Financial Industries and large banks
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
165,Software Engineer I,-1,"The Software Engineer develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, real-time systems, and business management information systems) based upon documented requirements. Works individually or as part of a team. Reviews and tests software components for adherence to the design requirements and documents test results. Resolves software problem reports. Utilizes software development and software design methodologies appropriate to the development environment. Provides specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)/Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components. Work environments include: EU2 Virtual Desktop, MACHINESHOP, Atlassian Stack, OpenShift, Rancher and Docker.

The Software Engineer (SWE) shall possess the following capabilities:
Analyze user requirements to derive software design and performance requirements
Debug existing software and correct defects
Provide recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop simple data queries for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Required:

No demonstrated experience is required. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university or four (4) years of SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelors degree.

This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.

156693

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
166,Senior Full Stack Engineer,"$118k-$140k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tamr is the enterprise-scale data unification company trusted by industry leaders like GE, Toyota, Thomson Reuters, and GSK. The company’s patented software platform uses machine learning supplemented with customers’ knowledge to unify and prepare data across myriad silos to deliver previously unavailable business-changing insights. With a co-founding team led by Andy Palmer (founding CEO of Vertica) and Mike Stonebraker (Turing Award winner) and backed by founding investors NEA and GV, Tamr is transforming how companies get value from their data.

As we rapidly grow our engineering team, we are seeking for outstanding engineers interested in building products that solve customer problems & enable customer innovation. This is an opportunity to build enterprise software that solves the most time-consuming, manually intensive problem in data science and modern data pipelines: enriching, curating, and preparing data. As part of a talented team, you will design and implement creative solutions to problems in data pipelining, distributed computing, cloud computing, machine learning and user experience.
This job might be a good fit for you if you have:
At least 5 years industry experience in software development
Strong computer science fundamentals. BS or MS in Computer Science preferred. Equivalent industry experience acceptable
Strong experience with Java or any other modern programming language
Experience with Big Data technologies, Distributed systems or Cloud native software
Excellent problem-solving skills
A collaborative working style
A hunger to learn new things and achieve big outcomes
Additional Information

This position is available in Cambridge MA. Tamr does sponsor employees requiring a visa.

Tamr provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.",4.3,"Tamr
4.3","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
167,Senior Video Operations Engineer,-1,"There’s a new fiber internet provider in the Pacific Northwest. We’re Ziply Fiber, and we’re building the most advanced fiber network with a refreshingly great customer experience for all that people will ever do in the online world.
Job Summary*
This Video Operations Engineer will be responsible for monitoring, maintenance and repair of the video platform which delivers Fiber TV to the end users. This person will monitor the Video signal flow from the Satellite Dish to the BMRs in the VSO, using a variety of monitoring tools. Any issues verified during the monitoring process will be the responsibility of this person the repair. This person will also monitor and perform health check on video systems, such as the DAC, VOD and STB. In addition, this person will be responsible for maintenance of all hardware related to delivering video content over the companies’ Fiber TV video platform in a 24x7x365 environment. This person will be responsible for trouble shooting any outages, repairing service as quickly as possible.
Job Duties: *
Maintain the Video Hub Office through surveillance of equipment alarms and QOS tools to ensure the stability and quality of video to Frontier customers.
Perform proactive health checks for all primary services (linear video) and secondary services (VOD, IMG, PPV, Ad Insertion)
Manage and maintain surveillance system database
Troubleshoot and restore video service failures involving MPEG Transport streams, encoders, transcoders, Media Converters, Encryption, QOS issues pertaining to video quality, EAS, Closed Captioning, Primary and Secondary audio, Descriptive Audio
Perform Root Cause Analysis (RCA) for video outages including what was done to resolve the issue, what can be done to reduce impact and what could be done to prevent future occurrences
Education and Experience: *
7+ years related cable, satellite, and telephony industries knowledge
7+ years of experience working with digital video in a multi-channel system
Cisco certification preferred
Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and restore video service failures involving MPEG Transport streams, encoders, transcoders, Media Converters, Encryption, and resolve IP network troubles in the physical, data link, and network layers.
Extensive knowledge of Arris, and Synamedia technologies involved in video multichannel systems as well as layered connections and usage of LAN and WAN technologies.
Understanding of and ability to troubleshoot server hardware components and subsystems.
Demonstrated knowledge of RF, IPTV multicast and ABR delivery technologies.
Operations, Digital media and content management systems and applications.
Proven ability to create momentum and foster organizational change.
Proficient with MS-Project, MS-Visio, MS-Office, MS-Teams & Smartsheet
Company Background*
Everyone deserves the best internet possible, and that’s the refreshingly great experience we’re creating at Ziply Fiber. We’re bringing fiber to more than one million homes and businesses across the broader Northwest. By pairing brilliantly fast internet with customer choice and control, we’re making it simple and easy for you to connect to the things that matter most to you. Ziply Fiber is based in Kirkland, Washington, providing communities across Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and Montana with fiber internet in addition to streaming TV, privacy products, and phone service as well.
Diverse Workforce / EEO: *
Ziply Fiber recognizes and strongly supports the benefits of a diverse workforce and strives to provide a culture that recognizes the unique contributions of each of our employees. Ziply Fiber requires a drug test, background check, employment and education verification as conditions of employment. Ziply Fiber is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, and the presence of a non-job-related handicap or disability, or any other legally protected status.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Location:
Everett, WA 98203 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
https://get.ziplyfiber.com/
Work Remotely:
No",3.0,"Ziply Fiber
3.0","Everett, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2020,Company - Private,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
168,Data Architect,"$65k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Architect holds a key position in a hands-on Enterprise Architecture team where we identify improvement opportunities, define strategies and solutions, develop and implement such solutions. The Data Architect will focus on helping the company constantly improve our management of and access to data, minimize data risk for the organization, and help control technical diversity. The Data Architect will regularly provide oversight and expertise to the DBA and Development teams to ensure good database design, performance, and adherence to architectures, standards and best practices. The Data Architect will interact with business leaders for detailed business understanding, requirements elicitation, project scoping and updates.

Duties:
Contribute to critical business projects
Provide expert level guidance on Microsoft SQL Server best practices and performance tuning, and mentor project teams through successful implementation of approved designs
Run independent periodic database health evaluations on critical databases, troubleshoot issues in data processing and performance, and provide updates to IT Management
Actively participate in all database designs and continually review those designs to ensure they follow good database design principles, align with the business needs, and align with our enterprise strategies, standards, and best practices -- anticipating potential problems with proposed solutions and offering ways to reduce risk and improve longevity
Lead development of reporting frameworks, ETL processes, and data quality improvements to help realize data strategies
Contribute to enterprise standards, architecture strategies, architectures, solutions, and the intermediate goals that will help us achieve them
Maintain a current understanding of new technologies and trends and prepare recommendations for if, when, and how they should be incorporated into the enterprise
Minimum Qualifications:
Minimum of 7 years' experience in information technology.
Minimum 3 years as a senior DBA or senior database developer.
Senior level expertise in Microsoft SQL Server
Senior level expertise in Microsoft data technologies (SSIS, SSMS, SSRS, SSAS, PowerBI, etc.)
Proven ability to multi-task and self-prioritize to meet tight deadlines and shifting priorities
Ability to balance competing pressures from both the business and IT leaders
Ability to analyze problems logically and objectively and apply sound judgment in assessing possible solutions
Ability to quickly assess an issue or need and guide teams towards correct decisions
Database design and operations expertise
Project management skills
Strong troubleshooting and abstraction skills
Excellent interpersonal, communication, negotiating, and interviewing skills.
Excellent documentation and organization skills with the ability to present technical findings in a clear and concise manner
Ability to understand how businesspeople think and communicate that understanding effectively to technology staff
High degree of risk management skill.
Knowledge of development lifecycle & methodology
Experience in creating as-is and to-be diagrams and performing gap analysis
Experience interacting with offsite teams
Preferred Qualifications:
Willingness to stand with the various teams in time of crisis
Desire to take ownership of issues and seeing them through completion
Takes pride in delivering quality end-to-end solutions
Improves efficiency of IT projects through streamlined processes and reuse of solutions
Seeks to improve flexibility of solutions through new technology or processes
Working familiarity with big data, no-SQL, and other data technologies
Visio -- architecture diagrams, data diagrams, process flows, use-case diagrams
PowerPoint -- Executive presentations, architecture diagrams
MS Office, Sharepoint, MS TFS
Working familiarity with Embarcadero
Working familiarity with iServer",2.6,"Select Portfolio Servicing
2.6","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
169,Software Engineer (MES),"$75k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Flexware Innovation is a leading technology integrator that helps forward thinkers in manufacturing and related industries build comprehensive and long-lasting solutions with ease.

Founded in 1996 and based in Indiana, our teams of talented engineers leverage technology to solve real business problems with teams of engineers focused on industrial controls, manufacturing systems integration, software development, business intelligence, and Internet of Things (IoT) devices. Our passion is helping our customers build solutions that stand the test of time by creating solid architecture and helping customers avoid costly design mistakes.

But we’re not just invested in technology – we’re also invested in people. Our internal promise to our Flexdogs is to have a positive and lasting impact on our families by providing a healthy and engaging work environment. Our environment is fun, family-friendly, energetic, and was nominated for TechPoint’s Mira Award for “Company Culture of the Year” in 2017, as well as four Powderkeg awards in 2019.

Flexware is looking for a talented MES software engineer to join our team. You will have the opportunity to work as a trusted advisor to our clients and will be challenged to come up with innovative and long-lasting solutions. Each solution that you build for our customers will encompass a variety of technologies, but will have a core software development foundation. Our team executes a variety of projects that range from building custom MES software to integrating different shop-floor systems with software. If you are passionate about consulting and custom software solutions, read on to see if you have the skills we are looking for!

WHAT YOU WILL DO
Design and develop custom or COTS manufacturing execution system (MES) solutions
Develop desktop, web-based, and mission-critical applications and system features utilizing primarily Microsoft technologies such as C#, .NET, and SQL, as well as various JavaScript libraries (Angular, React, etc.)
Develop reporting applications using Microsoft SSRS
Develop and configure interfaces with third-party software tools and utilities such as OPC servers
Develop and configure interfaces with external software systems such as MRP, ERP, and WMS
Provide detailed documentation to clients on system design and programming
**Please note that we are not interviewing candidates that require sponsorship now or in the future**

WHAT YOU MIGHT HAVE DONE BEFORE


Flexdogs are a rare breed of engineers. They come from varied backgrounds, but typically have some of the following traits:
Received a technical bachelor’s degree such as Computer Science, Computer Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or a similar technical concentration
Have 3+ years of experience in a manufacturing environment working with MES applications
Have 3+ years of experience in delivering full lifecycle software solutions
Experience developing in higher-level programming languages such as C#/.NET, SQL, Python, JavaScript, or others
Experience in relational database design, development, and support using Microsoft SQL Server
Experience working with HMI / SCADA / OEE solutions such as Rockwell, Wonderware, Ignition, TrakSYS, or others
Experience working with OPC servers and tag data
Ability to understand PLC logic and programming highly preferred, but not required
If you’re interested in becoming a Flexdog, we’re excited to start a conversation with you! Please reach out to Lauren McMullen at lauren.mcmullen@flexwareinnovation.com. Your inquiry and conversation will be treated with confidentiality, and we will not share your information with others.",4.6,"Flexware Innovation
4.6","Fishers, IN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
170,(Sr.) Data Scientist -,-1,"Thursday, June 11, 2020

Merrick Bank is a top-25 credit card issuer and merchant acquirer in the VISA/MasterCard networks, and a major recreational vehicle lender.
The Bank is a Utah Financial Institution and a member of the FDIC.

At Merrick Bank, we specialize in credit programs that assist people looking to build or rebuild their credit. We are FDIC insured and recognized as a top-20 issuer of Visa® cards. In total, we proudly serve over 2.4 million cardholders and have extended over $5.3 billion in credit.

Our Mission is to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers, our employees, and our community. We work hard to create a work environment that empowers our associates to grow, learn, and reach their potential.

This position is a member (or, a senior member, depending upon qualifications) of the Data Science and Modeling team, and will support and work with other members of the team to produce the models, reports, and analysis as required for the bank. Data science, machine learning and statistical programming are the core competencies of the position, but in addition, the applicant should work well with others, have a desire to learn, be self-motivated, and have excellent communication and presentation skills.

REQUIRED SKILLS, ABILITIES, KNOWLEDGE, AND EXPERIENCE:
Master's degree in a relevant quantitative field, or a bachelor’s degree with a significant amount of relevant work experience.
Firm knowledge of statistical theory, data science, or machine learning algorithms is a requirement.
Expertise with R or Python is required.
Experience with any of the following computer languages is also desirable: CUDA, FORTRAN or C/C++, SAS, SQL, Unix shell scripting, or LaTeX.
Experience with HPC (High Performance Computing), or Parallel Computing would be a plus. Experience with SLURM would be outstanding.
Experience in the banking industry, specifically in credit cards, is not necessary, but would be desirable.


PRIMARY DUTIES:
Statistical programming, model development and implementation.
Communicating results, both verbally and in writing.
Work both individually and in a collaborative manner with a team.
Designing, validating, and improving data driven decision making processes and strategies.
Building key metrics and modeling reports for communication with executives.
Compliant with Laws & Regulations.

What’s in it for you:

Competitive salary (DOE)

Benefits package -Medical, Dental and Vision (plus much more)

401(k) Plan with Company Match

Short & Long Term Disability

Group Life and AD&D Insurance

Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days

Employee Events, including Employee Appreciation Day, Holiday Party, etc.

Tuition Reimbursement Program
Candidates must have unrestricted authority to work in the
United States without sponsorship.

Merrick Bank is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability,
veteran status, and other legally protected characteristic. The EEO is the
Law poster is available here: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm

Please go to our website www.merrickbank.com to apply and learn more about our company

We are an equal opportunity employer. Merrick Bank will do a thorough background check for all hires. This includes a review of your personal credit history, drug testing, background check, and employment/personal references. A good credit history is important.

Other details
Job Family
Account Acquisition & Data Science
Pay Type
Salary",3.5,"Merrick Bank
3.5",Utah,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
171,Software Engineer,"$49k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Software Engineer Investments

At Liberty Mutual, our mission is to make people feel secure and cared for—including our employees. In line with our commitment to helping people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow, we provide an environment aimed at supporting you, championing you and helping you turn your passion into a rewarding profession.

If you’re a curious learner who enjoys solving technical problems and developing high-visibility business solutions, then you may be a great fit for our Investment Tech team, where we develop software and programs that facilitate peace of mind for customers worldwide.

The details

Collaborating in an agile environment, our software engineers work with internal business partners of the. This candidate is primarily focused on designing, developing and maintaining tools, systems, and analytics for our business partners while working within a scrum team. Day-to-day responsibilities include:

Work with Scrum Masters, Product Owners, and peer developers to iteratively create technical solutions that meet business and technical requirements
Handle end-to-end development, including coding, testing, and debugging during each cycle, which adheres to the acceptance criteria
Create and maintain technical documentation
Participate in code reviews; identify defects and resolve collaboratively with the development team via Bitbucket
Estimate size and Implementation of backlog items, translate into engineering design and logical units of work (tasks)
Develop domain knowledge (Front Office Investment data and processes) and apply to the development of solutions while building positive relationships with key business partners

What we’re looking for

Coding experience using a variety of technologies such as Python, JavaScript, Django, SQL, Power BI, etc.
Experience working with Agile methodologies and cross-functional teams
The ideal candidate will be dedicated, demonstrate initiative and be a logical thinker

What you’ve got

A bachelor’s degree in a technical or business discipline, or equivalent experience
Three years of professional experience
A proactive mindset and demonstrated initiative
Strong oral and written communication skills, and an aptitude for working in teams
A thorough knowledge of IT concepts, business operations, design and development tools, system architecture and technical standards, shared software concepts and layered solutions and designs
Executive function skills: collaboration, adaptability, flexibility and the ability to prioritize your time and efforts

Benefits:We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits Overview:At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.

We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.

Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran’s status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law.",3.5,"Liberty Mutual Insurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1912,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
172,Senior Data Engineer II,-1,"Auth0 is a unicorn that just closed a $120M Series F round of funding, with total capital raised to date of $330M and valuation of nearly $2B. We are growing rapidly and looking for exceptional new team members to add to our exceptional talent pool - and who will help take us to the next level of success. One team, one score.

Our vision is to provide people with secure access to any application in one click or less. And our promise is to make identity work for everyone—whether you’re a developer looking to innovate, or a security professional looking to mitigate. We are looking for curious, excited, boundary-pushing team members. So, if you’re a big thinker who is nimble and adaptable, Auth0 may be an ideal place for you to shine.

The Data engineer will help build, scale and maintain the entire data platform. The ideal candidate will have a deep technical understanding, hands-on experience in distributed computing, big data, ETL, dimensional modeling , columnar databases and data visualization. The candidate should feed on challenges and love to be hands on with recent technologies. This job plays a key role in data infrastructure, analytics projects, and systems design and development. You should be passionate for continuous learning, experimenting, applying and contributing towards cutting edge open source Data technologies and software paradigms.
What you will do:
Contributing at a senior-level to the data platform design by implementing a solid, robust, extensible design that supports key business flows.
Performing all of the necessary data transformations to populate data lake.
Establishing efficient design and programming patterns that beat SLAs and help easily manage the data platform.
Designing, integrating and documenting technical components for seamless data extraction and analysis.
Adopting best practices in our data systems and shared across teams.
Contributing to innovations and data insights that fuel Auth0’s mission.
Working in a team environment, interacting with multiple groups on a daily basis (very strong communication skills).+ BA/BS in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
At least 3 years of relevant work experienceAbility to write, analyze, and debug SQL queries.
Exceptional Problem solving and analytical skills.
Experience with Data Warehouse design, ETL (Extraction, Transformation & Load), architecting efficient software designs for DW platform.
Hands-on experience in Python, R, Apache Spark in production environments.
Strong skills in Apache Airflow, Luigi or similar tools.
Experience in Tableau, Apache SuperSet, Looker or similar BI tools.
Knowledge of AWS Redshift, Snowflake or similar databases
Auth0 safeguards more than 4.5 billion login transactions each month and its top priorities are availability and security.

We like to think that we are helping make the internet safer. Our team is spread across more than 35 countries and we are proud to continually be recognized as a great place to work. Culture is critical to us, and we are transparent about our vision and principles.

Auth0 is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Auth0 conducts all employment-related activities without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, citizenship status, genetics, or status as a Vietnam-era special disabled and other covered veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Auth0 participates in E-Verify and will confirm work authorization for candidates residing in the United States.",4.8,"Auth0
4.8",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
173,Master Software Engineer,"$43k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At PRA Group, software engineers develop project design and coding to create customized solutions applying software engineering principles to support business needs. We are an industry leader, and these positions are for driven professionals who are willing to work in an agile software development environment.
PRA Group's corporate headquarters is established in Norfolk, Virginia and talent for these positions can be located within the markets of Norfolk and Richmond, Virginia. *
We strive for innovative success, and our engineers contribute to the following (but not limited to):
Design, code, test and implement applications using ASP.Net, C# that interact with managed MS SQL Server and Oracle databases.
Support of on-going and future software projects.
Self-manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables
Effectively communicate, verbally and in writing, with staff, management team, vendors, and end users.
Participate in full development life-cycle from requirements gathering, estimating, design, development, and implementation.
Perform quality control, trouble shooting, code review and standard data validation practices prior to production release.
May teach and train other team members in relevant development concepts
Assist in the documentation and cataloging of developed software.
Responsible for ensuring compliance with applicable laws, regulations and company policies across areas of organizational responsibility
Our growing team allows you to work in a fun, professional, fast-paced environment where we support teaching and training of other team members in relevant development concepts, effectively collaborate with management team, fellow peers, vendors, and end users. Our environment encourages professional growth, and opportunities to switch teams and projects as our business advances.
We are searching for Senior to Mid-level experienced engineers who are passionate, ambitious with solid work experience with any of the following to enhance software solutions: *
Configuring and deploying applications using Microsoft stack
Public cloud experience with Azure or AWS
Continuous Integration tools
Continuous Deployment tools
API development using .Net in DevOps model
WCF, XML/ Web services
Developing RESTFUL APIs and JSON
ETL tools
TDD & ATDD
Qualifications include: *
Bachelor’s Degree in IT or related field preferred or the equivalent amount of related experience required.
Strong object-oriented programming skills and familiarity with software design patterns.
At least 7 years of experience developing software using ASP.NET, C#, Microsoft SQL Server 2008/2012, Oracle, WCF, XML/ Web services
At least 3 years of experience in developing and execute automated test scenarios, scripts for unit, integration, regression, and functional testing.
At least 3 years of experience with any ETL tools preferably Informatica.
At least 3 years of experience in Agile practices, TDD & ATDD
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering Or Information Technology
Very Strong object-oriented programming skills and experience with software design patterns.
At least 10 years of experience developing software using ASP.NET, C#, Microsoft SQL 2008/2012, Oracle, WCF, XML/ Web services
At least 2 years’ experience in developing RESTFUL APIs and JSON
At least 2 years’ experience working with two or more from the following: configuring and deploying applications using Microsoft stack, public cloud experience with Azure or AWS, open source Continuous Integration tools, open source Continuous Deployment tools and API development using .Net or Java.
Work Environment: *
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Asp.Net: 7 years (Preferred)
C#: 7 years (Preferred)
Software Engineering: 7 years (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Schedule:
Other
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.8,"PRA Group, Inc.
2.8","Raleigh, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
174,Software Engineer,"$66k-$110k
(Employer Est.)","COMPANY SUMMARY

Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingland develops and manages enterprise-class software solutions using its Kingland Platform and teams of data and technology experts. Clients in the banking and capital markets, public accounting, insurance, and retail industries look to Kingland to create solutions to manage data, risk, compliance, customer insight and more. The Kingland Platform is a highly secure, cloud-optimized software platform that includes enterprise data management, text analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and workflow and compliance management capabilities.

Kingland is unique. While we are based in Iowa, our clients are not. We are an Iowa company with a significant global reach. We provide our employees with the opportunity to ""live locally and work globally"", combining the Iowa quality of life that we all love, with exciting opportunities to travel the world and work on large projects for large clients.

Kingland is growing. Were looking for individuals who like to tackle big challenges, want to work on mission-critical solutions, as well as desire to make a difference in the world and be rewarded for their efforts. Explore all the ways that quality of work meets quality of life at Kingland, and launch yourself on an exciting new adventure.

POSITION SUMMARY

Java. Spring. Angular. Python. PostgreSQL. AI tech. AWS. These are just a few of the technologies you'll use as a Kingland Software Engineer. Work with clients to better understand their complex and challenging problems. Design solutions using relational and columnar data stores, microservices and cloud architectures, text analytics, and more. Your work will help reinvent the way companies manage risk, compliance, and data.

If you're curious about how technology should work and enjoy solving problems, this is the right space for you. Use your creativity, share your point of view with clients and colleagues, and have enough grit to see the project to its end. It's like a puzzle. You know there are multiple ways to solve it. Every tool will be at your disposal. And you'll be able to test your ideas with experienced professionals in the organization.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES
Develop highly secure, performant and maintainable code based on software designs for Kingland Platform solutions
Leverage automated build and deploy processes to create and execute integration tests
Identify, fix and communicate defects throughout the software engineering process
Collaborate with teammates and clients, from requirements review and design to implementation, testing, deployment and triage
Grow into a role with responsibilities for creating innovative software designs and accompanying prototypes for Kingland Platform solution requirements, enabling further implementation
POSITION REQUIREMENTS
Bachelors degree and requisite experience in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering is required
BENEFITS
Included in the Kingland Career Development Program a guided program consisting of targeted learning opportunities and mentorship to assist you in career growth, personal development and opportunity for promotion and advancement at Kingland Systems.
Generous vacation and paid holidays
401(k) company match
8 hours of paid volunteer time annually
3 weeks paid parental leave after the birth or adoption of a child
Wellness reimbursement for gym memberships, equipment, and apparel
Access to free on-site fitness center in Clear Lake location
Company match of up to $1,000 annually for charitable donations
Free on-site covered parking
Access to company dining facility in Clear Lake location",3.8,"Kingland Systems
3.8","Ames, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
175,Sr. Software Engineer I - Peoplesoft,"$52k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Sr. Software Engineer I - Peoplesoft
Req Code 96598
Location Kansas City
Full Time Yes
Job Overview The Information
Technology Group of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has
an exciting opportunity for a Sr.
Software Engineer I - Peoplesoft. We are looking for a team member who
would enjoy working for an organization that strives every day to support the
public good and make a difference. Are you driven to utilize your customer
service and communication skills to build long-lasting rapport? If so, this is
a perfect opportunity for you!

This position is
located in the NAIC’s state-of-the-art offices in Town Pavilion in the heart of
downtown Kansas City which includes great restaurants and top-notch
entertainment venues. This is a full-time position in a positive and flexible
environment.

Responsibilities
include:

1. Develops and
executes procedures to keep current on patches, bundles and upgrades associated
with PeopleSoft Financials and EPM budgeting software.
Sees to it that the system is as up to
date as possible on available patches and bundles.
Works with developers to research
available patches, patch bundles, or versions for their ability to address user
requirements or problems.
Develops a technical implementation
plan for patches, patch bundles, or versions.
Coordinates communication between
PeopleSoft technical support, NAIC/NIPR application support, and Packaged
Systems for issues relating to the application of patches, patch bundles or
versions.
Ensures regression test plans and new
system functionality test plans are created and adequate for the areas that
will be impacted by patches, patch bundles, or versions and that these test
plans are executed.
Helps analyze the impact on primary
support applications and other applications as assigned.
Documents current customizations and
changes and helps move to a source management/change control system.
Analyzes NAIC customizations and
re-applies as necessary.
Unit tests customizations and provides
support for systems and user acceptance testing.
Helps define and document user
procedures.
Develops, tests and implements
programs to interface existing systems to PeopleSoft.
2. Supports the
PeopleSoft system for all areas assigned.
Makes sure that tickets are created in
those instances where contacted directly by an end-user and it makes sense to
have a ticket created.
Provides professional customer
service.
Works with developers whose
applications interface with the PeopleSoft system.
Reviews Tickets with management at
status meetings.
Provides at least weekly updates to
assigned Tickets.
Works to determine if system problems
are documented as fixed in a PeopleSoft patch.
Assists in the testing of PeopleSoft
patches especially as they are related to assigned Tickets.
Attends meetings with developers whose
applications are going to interface with PeopleSoft. Shares knowledge with
developers as to how their applications should interface with PeopleSoft.
Acknowledges this work in status reports.
3. Completes special
projects, which enhance customer ability to perform their job function,
availability, security, and general performance of the PeopleSoft system.
Develops plan needed to complete the
projects. Reviews these plans with
management.
Completes documentation and cross
training of PeopleSoft technical team on all new projects.
Works with business area or
application development groups where appropriate on these projects.
Seeks input from the PeopleSoft
technical staff when developing these projects.
4. Develops half to
one-day training classes for specific portions of the PeopleSoft system as well
as end user manuals that can be used for daily reference.
Meets with the managers of the various
business areas that use the PeopleSoft system to discern any training needs
they may have.
Develops training classes and
materials.
Schedules and performs the training.
Develops end user manuals for each of
the functional sections of the PeopleSoft system.
Keeps the cross-functional training
materials up to date with changes associated with patches, bundles or upgrades
as well as new functionality that are turned on in the system.
5. Effectively
performs administrative responsibilities such as creating weekly status reports, updating time reporting for
projects and publishing minutes from meetings led.
Documents professional and soft skill
development in status reports.
Acknowledges mentoring of other team
members in status reports.
Provides status report at weekly
meeting with manager.
Publishes minutes from meetings within
two business days.
Updates time reporting system
by-weekly for projects.


Secondary FUNCTIONS: Job functions that are not essential but are
considered part of the job. Other duties may be
assigned.

Supports NAIC/NIPR PeopleSoft products
through general knowledge of PeopleSoft, use of PeopleSoft Connect and
communication with PeopleSoft technical support staff.
Enhances and creates new queries and
reports utilizing SQR, SQL, Application Engines and Crystal Report.
Writes backend code to correct data
anomalies and corruption within the database.
Utilizes MS Word, Excel or MS Project
to develop project plans.
Utilizes MS Word to communicate
minutes from meetings and develop end-user training class materials and user
manuals.
Effectively communicates with end
users of PeopleSoft to understand their issues with the system, enhancements
they would like to see be made to the system or new functionality they would
like to start using that is included with the products the NAIC/NIPR are
licensed to use.
Works Windows server and Linux server
security requests within specified service level timeframes.
Provides Windows server and Linux
server support as necessary regarding the Packaged Systems teams supported
products.
This position will carry an on-call
device, on a rotation basis, and respond to it during and outside of normal
business hours.
Skills and
Abilities:
Show flexibility and leadership.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office
Tools.
Ability to get along with others.
Understands the intricacies of
PeopleSoft products.
Understands the concepts associated
with SQR, SQL, Application Engines and Crystal Reports.
Ability to
communicate effectively with end users of PeopleSoft and PeopleSoft technical
support personnel.
Ability to use tools to create testing
scripts for regression and load testing after patches have been applied.
Ability to create training materials
and end-user application manuals.
Ability to train end-users, in both
informal and formal settings, on the various aspects of the system.
Ability to work independently.
Possess excellent troubleshooting
skills.
Possess excellent analytical skills.
Ability to work on multiple projects
simultaneously and in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to meet deadlines.
Demonstrates strong initiative to
improve skill set.
Demonstrates ability to apply skills
learned at training to tasks assigned.
Minimum
Education and/or experience required:

Bachelor's degree (B.A.) from four-year college or
university, or related experience; and five to seven years related PeopleSoft
experience.

Preferred
Experience:
PeopleSoft Financials 8 or above
PeopleSoft Financials Management Certifications
PeopleSoft PeopleTools – Tools and Technology
Certifications
Why Work at the NAIC/NIPR?
Flexible Work
Environment
37.5 Hour Work
Week
Tuition
Reimbursement
Referral
Bonuses
Choice of
Insurance Plans
Vacation Buy
Back
Infants in the
Work Place
Adoption
Assistance
Parental Leave
Employee
Recognition Programs
Days Off for
Community Service
Student Loan
Repayment Program
Fitness Center
The
NAIC is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

For
consideration, please apply online at:

http://careers.naic.org

Applicants for all positions are considered without regard to age,
race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, national origin or ancestry, marital status, pregnancy, genetic
information, military or veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected
by applicable law.",3.3,"National Association of Insurance Commissioners
3.3","Kansas City, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1871,Nonprofit Organization,Membership Organizations,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
176,Senior Full Stack Engineer/ Leader,-1,"Position Summary: Senior Full Stack Engineer/Leader
The Opportunity: Leadership at an extremely innovative cloud security startup
Must Have Requirements:
8+ years of SW development building highly available enterprise systems
6+ years of full stack development. Experience to include the following:
React: Multi-page web applications using React and Material
Python, Golang, NodeJS, etc.
Client-side JavaScript, CSS, SQL
4+ years of cloud development experience; ideally with AWS
Must be a Player/Coach
Prolific coder with demonstrable experience as a system level architect
Leadership experience with multiple direct reports
Ability to create realistic schedules and manage cross disciplinary projects
Demonstrable experience managing off-shore teams either contracted or FTEs
Detailed Job Description
This is an opportunity for a skilled architect and full stack developer to work alongside a team of creative and talented software engineers who are building an industry-leading, cloud-native, next generation email security platform. Help us beat bad actors and make a difference to millions of users.
The ideal candidate will be comfortable working with a multi-tenant, highly scalable, microserviced infrastructure with demonstrable experience therein. In addition to contributing significantly to product development, the successful candidate will be comfortable mentoring other members of the team, serving as a key voice in the product management process, and helping to ensure on-time delivery of high-quality code which protects our customers’ mission critical communication systems.
The ideal candidate has the following additional experience:
Tools including the following:
Kubernetes, Docker, Jaeger, Jenkins, etc.
ElasticSearch, Redis, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, etc.
Kafka, RabbitMQ, nginx, Kubernetes, Docker
HA architectural development experience
Bonus: Cybersecurity and startup experience

Team
You will be joining a highly talented team made up of security start-up experts who care deeply about their customers. This team is passionate about safeguarding the mission critical communication capabilities of businesses globally. We are fanatically driven to make one of the most basic communication modalities, email, safe and secure to use in a world which is not only constantly evolving, but which is constantly under attack with phishing attempts, identity theft, ransomware, and more.
We are a “work family”. As such, we are highly selective as to who we ask to join. However, if we mutually agree that it makes sense, you will be joining a highly collaborative, supportive, skilled, thoughtful, and intellectually curious group of people who are focused on making GreatHorn a great place to work!
Benefits
We offer competitive salaries, stock options, medical, vision, and dental insurance, a matched 401k, unlimited vacation time, a fully stocked kitchen, and weekly catered team lunches.
About GreatHorn
GreatHorn is disrupting the email security industry to better protect organizations against advanced email threats through modern data analytics, machine learning, and cloud-native design. Our execution of this mission has driven triple-digit growth for three years in a row, and we’re poised to accelerate that growth in the coming year.
Run by a team of cybersecurity veterans with a track record of success, we solve a pervasive problem with smart technology, employ clever people with common sense from diverse backgrounds, and adhere to a “No A**holes” policy. If that sounds like a place you’d fit in, we hope you’ll come join us!
We believe strongly in diversity, and seek to recognize, develop, and support talent from all backgrounds.
To apply for this position, email your resume to jluciani@greathorn.com",4.8,"GreatHorn
4.8","Waltham, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
177,Backend Engineer,"$77k-$100k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Guild is looking for Backend Engineers to build features, design and implement APIs, and improve the reliability of our systems as we scale our product.

We build our systems using tools such as Node, Postgres, GraphQL, and AWS. Experience with those is a huge plus but familiarity with other languages, API protocols, and databases work for us! We look for engineers that build with simplicity, reliability, and scalability in mind.

As a Backend Engineer, you will:
Work with senior backend engineers to design and build new services and infrastructure.
Create feature code that is understandable and testable.
Share knowledge and feedback with others inside the team.
Suggest improvements within your feature area.
Deliver on time and be accountable to your team and stakeholders.
Our team emphasizes Guild company values in the following ways:
Be an Owner - Our work is tied to outcomes for our stakeholders. We set clear expectations for delivery.
Scale for Students; Students for Scale - We build consistently, test everything, keep an eye on it, and handle failure with grace.
Have a Learner's Mindset - Always be learning and share what you've learned. With our team, other teams, the business, and the developer community.
Be Teammates - Respect underlies all relationships between teammates. Respecting each others' time, respecting expertise, and elevating our teammates. Better outcomes follow from leveraging the collective over the individual.
In addition to working on the engineering team, you will collaborate with engineers, PMs, and leaders including Kate, Brittany, Zach, Johnny, and Eric. .

You are a strong fit for this role if you have:
Strong communication skills.
Familiarity with the fundamentals of building services and APIs--data modeling, unit and integration testing, and continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD).
Familiarity with relational databases (PostgreSQL) and modern source control (Git / Github).
Demonstrated curiosity and interest in keeping up and experimenting with new technologies.
Willingness to embrace change and work within a fast-paced environment.
Passion for higher education and our mission.
About Guild:

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.5,"Guild Education
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
178,US Citizen / Windows Administrator Powershell Automation / DevOps Engineer,-1,"Trewon is a competitive firm providing *enterprise-wide* *solutions* to *federal* and *commercial* *clients*. Trewon brings a sophisticated service line in IT-related solutions from *Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Big Data, to Cloud technologies* coupled with a diverse skill set in *research* and *evaluation *to federal clients. While working in specified fields, we also understand the importance of meshing *business process* *optimization* with *solid data* and *program management*.
Company Benefits: *
Competitive salary with exceptional benefits
Medical, Dental, Vision
Simple IRA with Employer Matching
Excellent training and career development opportunities
2 Weeks Paid Vacation & Federal Holidays with 1 Week Sick Pay
Friendly, professional, stable working environment where one can grow in their career with Career Advancement assistance
Company Functions & Community Outreach Programs
*Open to 1099 Contract*
Your future ""Windows Administrator with Python Automation / DevOps"" duties and responsibilities: *
Work Authorization/Clearance*
Clearance required: US Citizen with Department of Defense*(*DoD) Secret clearance or higher*
An interim Secret clearance is required to begin working onsite with our client, and a Secret clearance must be maintained throughout the project duration. Due to the nature of the government contract requirements and/or clearance requirements, US citizenship is required. *With nature of work involved, individuals without US Citizenship and DoD Security Clearance (Secret or above) will not qualify.*
Summary/Objective*
This is an exciting full-time opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment with a team of passionate technologists. We take an innovative approach to supporting our client, working side-by-side in an agile environment using emerging technologies. As a solution builder, you will be working to support the client’s mission and goals of building an enterprise analytics platform.

• 3+ years of experience of administration of applications in a *windows server administration* including application maintenance, patching, upgrades and troubleshooting.

• 3+ years of experience using *PowerShell, Python*, Perl or other scripting languages to automate and orchestrate technical activities including installation and administration.

• 1+ years of experience designing, documenting and developing *Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) Pipelines* for complex applications.

• 9+ years of experience in the creation of mid-to-enterprise level software systems.

• 9+ years of experience in designing, documenting and developing web-based and stand-alone software applications.

• Experience working on analytics and business intelligence platforms.

• Experience working in an Agile based environment.

• Strong technical and troubleshooting techniques.
Other skills*
Demonstrated problem solving, organizational and time management skills.
Experience in a federal government agency, community-based organization, or customer service setting.
Proven ability to plan and coordinate projects and work schedules to use efficiently work related resources and information by Government and departmental policies, procedures, and guidelines.
Sound research and analytical skills, including the ability to identify problems and formulate solutions; appropriate to current policy and communication strategies.
Proven ability to cope with and perform effectively in a demanding environment, giving close attention to detail and accuracy, while meeting tight deadlines.
Ability to continually develop and improve one’s skill and knowledge to perform effectively and adapt to change in the workplace. Development occurs through a variety of learning opportunities, seeking feedback, and individual reflection.
Making use of all personal resources at your disposal (talents, skills, energy, and time) to achieve goals.
Works effectively with others to achieve shared goals through cooperation, sharing knowledge, joint problem-solving, and celebrating success.
Familiarity with application development and usage
Clear understanding of relational database concepts
Highly organized with strong project management skills, and drive to meet organizational and departmental objectives; ability to manage projects on interrelated timelines.
Qualifications*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above and below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

• Participate in technical architecture solution efforts by interfacing with feature and product teams to understand business needs.

• Automate technical administration and maintenance activities within a complex technology landscape.

• Build and develop CI/CD pipelines for analytics content including data models, structures and analytics content.

• Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities with the ability to support multiple work streams and drive assimilation of new techniques and solutions. Develop robust analytics platforms for enterprise analytics business intelligence solutions.

• Follow technology trends within the Big Data road map and inform clients how this technology will benefit the future development platform.

• Participate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issues
Education Required*
Bachelor’s Degree or higher – applicable major preferred (Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Business Management, Project Management, Process Engineering, Statistics/Applied Math,)
Work Environment*
This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. The core working hours are 9 AM – 3 PM. Mandatory Meal Period Employee meal periods are important to company productivity and employee health. Employees will take a mandatory meal break to cover a minimum of 30 minutes. The meal break shall not be scheduled during or before the first hour of scheduled work activity. The meal period will not be included in the total hours of work per day and is not compensable. Manager may grant variance depending on client (government or prime contractor) flow-down specifications, upon employer application.

\*Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
This project will be a remote position due to COVID-19. As Federal agencies move through opening phases our staff will transition to onsite meetings/remote work/Corporate Stafford Offices work.

Experience:
Windows Server Administration: 3 years (Required)
Scripting languages: 3 years (Required)
CI/CD Pipelines: 1 year (Required)
Information Technology (IT) : 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Department of Defense (DoD)Secret Security Clearance (Required)
US Citizen (Required)
Contract Length:
More than 1 year
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.trewon.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/Trewon-Technologies-382919795481079/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Trewon Technologies
5.0","Stafford, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Contract,IT Services,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
179,Sr-Level Software Engineer Level 5,-1,"Sr-Level Software Engineer Level 5 (MOSSAIC 292071)


DSoft Technology is seeking a mid-level software engineer to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be in Dahlgren, VA. The individual will work in a fast-paced environment with high expectations, significantly diverse assignments, and a collaborative team setting on a new 10 year contract effort.

LOCATION:
Dahlgren, VA
REQUIREMENTS:
Active DoD Top Secret security clearance required, Top Secret with SCI desired.

MORE DETAILS

JOB DESCRIPTION


JOB TYPE: Full Time

SALARY RANGE: Commensurate with experience and knowledge.

DEGREE REQUIREMENTS: Bachelors or Masters in Computing Science, or related technical discipline from an accredited college or university. One year of relevant education may be substituted for one year of required experience.

MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE: Minimum 8 years industry experience related to responsibilities. One year of relevant experience may be substituted for each year of required education.

SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS:
Lead software integration efforts of Command and Control data exchange and processing systems
Lead software development team efforts with research, design, development, integration, modification, and documentation of enterprise-wide systems and applications software
Experience with Converting Monolitic application into microservice / Kubernetes
Lead overall system evaluation efforts to include analysis and development of hardware/software interfaces
Identify, develop and implement solutions for software related technical issues that could possibly impact costs, schedule, or performance
Lead software development team while adhering to established guidelines, observing all software compliance standards and following technical direction
Experience with Java and C programming
Experience in Agile software development lifecycle
Knowledge of network architectures and protocols
Strong written and verbal skills
Ability to travel (10%)
DESIRED REQUIREMENTS:
Knowledgeable in Information and Computer Systems, working knowledge of converged infrastructure and related technologies such as VMware, Networking, and Storage solutions
Experience with programming in C++ and Fortran
RELOCATION: Not Offered for this position.",4.4,"DSoft Technology
4.4","Dahlgren, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1998,Contract,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
180,Technical Sales/Support Engineer,-1,"Technical Sales Engineer *
About Us* iba America, LLC is a leader in Industry 4.0 Solutions and Systems. We develop, produce, and distribute high-quality data acquisition, visualization and analytic systems for automated industrial facilities throughout North America and abroad.
Job Description *
The successful candidate will help accelerate our customer’s understanding and application of the iba solutions. Candidate will work directly with customers to define which products are suitable for their needs based on an understanding of customer requirements. Demonstration and training of customers on our various products will be performed by the incumbent as well as detailed troubleshooting, if necessary, after sales are completed. This position reports directly to the Operations Manager and requires that one works well in teams and is self-motivated to get things done. Compensation will be commensurate with credentials, including benefits and bonus plan. Benefits include paid holidays and vacations, health/dental insurance, 401k, and bonus/profit sharing plan.
Duties *
• Demonstrate iba products and solutions iba via the web and on-site.

• Provide concise and detailed remote and on-site support of iba products.
International travel may be required.
• Provide customer training on our entire product suite.

• Generate detailed design specifications via negotiations with customers on technical details and obtaining specification approval.

• Implementation of engineered systems using appropriately available software/hardware tools to meet design specifications. Coordination of team members to deliver engineered systems per design specifications. Testing of hardware and software.

• Coordination of team members to create design specifications for new products. Evaluation of designs and management of third-party development resources as needed.

• Coordination and management of third-party software development, if needed.

• Other duties as assigned.
Requirements *
• B.S. M.S. or PhD. in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related discipline. Equivalent work experience will be considered.

• Understanding of Microsoft platforms (Microsoft Windows® 7/8/10 and Server 2008/2012/2016/2019)

• Ability to manage and resolve complex customer problems

• Demonstrated troubleshooting/problem solving skills

• Excellent written and verbal English communication skills (Bi-lingual-Spanish a plus)
Desired Skills: *
• Industrial automation experience (e.g. PLC Programming and HMI design)

• Knowledge of fieldbus protocols (Modbus, EtherNet/IP, Profibus, ProfiNet)

• Scripting/Programming skills (VBScript, JavaScript, PowerShell, C++, C#, Java, SQL, etc.)

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Alpharetta, GA (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"iba America, LLC","Alpharetta, GA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
181,Lead Controls Engineer,"$68k-$107k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a global leader in consulting, engineering, and commissioning services, we specialize in highly technical smart and mission critical buildings and high performance mechanical and electrical systems that bring them to life. We are currently seeking a performance-driven, highly motivated Lead Senior Controls and Instrumentation Engineer. This role can be based out of Charlotte, NC, Chicago, IL, Dallas, TX, Los Angeles CA, and New York, NY.

Understanding of the Critical Data Center Industry with experience in commercial and industrial Building Management Systems (BMS) design and troubleshooting. Provide design and implementation services for mission critical high reliability systems for up-time in Data Center mechanical plants, assisting clients in selecting BMS vendors, monitoring installation compliance, system testing and verification. Not only will you demonstrate your engineering and consulting skills, but you will also have the opportunity to make an impact by growing all Syska services locally by seeking new business opportunities and leveraging the firm's holistic smart technology competitive edge.

Our dynamic work environment provides the optimal setting to take your instrumentation and controls management and engineering career to the next level. From our supportive culture, diverse workforce, the latest and greatest hardware/software, and competitive compensation to our flexible work schedules and fun social events, it's everything you'll need for an exciting, challenging, and rewarding career.

Job Responsibilities:

As the Lead BMS Engineer you will be responsible for the design and coordinate the execution of all instrumentation and controls support activities and maintain internal and external client satisfaction. You will be responsible for managing assigned project team members as they prepare controls design drawings and integrated systems specifications for Critical Facilities, Data Centers, Financial, Healthcare, Pharmaceutical and various other markets the firm is active within.

The position might require travel to sites throughout the US and provide the opportunity to interface directly with internal clients at other Syska offices and client personnel at state-of-the-art facilities.

Additional Responsibilities:

Preparing drawings, specifications and perform system design calculations
Select equipment for use in building systems and write reports
Assist clients in vendor leveling/selection/procurement of ""best of breed"" solution
Attend project meetings while Interfacing with clients and contractors
Interface with PICs, PMs, site leaders and practice area leaders
Closely work with the entire mechanical, electrical and plumbing project design team
Manage quality control and BMS resource management
Support business development activities and client relationship management
Financial management of projects assigned to you
Develop and keep up to date BMS processes and standards
Assisting in hiring activities while collaborating with leadership

Job Requirements:

We are looking for a BMS Leader who can oversee all efforts for the clients, demonstrating an understanding of owner/client big picture business strategies and revenue goals, as well as the ability to foresee challenges. To succeed in this role, your technical expertise must be complemented by self-motivation, relationship building skills, effective communication skills, and the ability to effectively work in a fast-paced, challenging environment. The ideal candidate will have experience in BMS/EPMS/DCIM/SCADA systems design, implementation and operations for Critical Facility Data Center applications.

Additional requirements:

Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or Mechanical Engineering, preferred (exceptional candidates may substitute significant years of experience, including on-site facilities management of large integrated BMS/EPMS/DCIM/SCADA systems)
Revit and latest version of AutoCAD MEP experience
7+ years' experience working in the Controls and Instrumentation Industry as a Consultant, Contractor or Client Facility Manager
Thorough knowledge of HVAC/electrical instrumentation design and building control sequence of operations
Knowledge of building IT infrastructure and basic understanding of other integrated low voltage technologies including security systems, lighting control systems, and fire alarm systems
Produce BMS design documents including system architecture, one-line control drawings, specification, etc.
Provide evaluation and troubleshooting services in mission critical industry for DDC and Industrial control applications.
Understanding of high reliability systems for uptime in Data Center mechanical plants.
Effective team player; ability to work independently and in a team environment
Excellent organization skills, with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Candidate with good communication skills and recent industry publications (Presentations, Webinars, Trade Publications)
Registered Professional Engineer (PE), a plus but not a requirement
Active involvement with ASHRAE, CABA and other organizations, a plus

Benefits:

As the BMS Senior Engineer with Syska Hennessy Group, you will be a part of a global firm with and amazing history! We are committed to being the best, to advancing engineering design practice, and to supporting our clients with integrity. To make all that happen, we rely on the talent, drive, enthusiasm, and the total job satisfaction of the great people who work here.

As a member of our highly collaborative team, we provide you a flexible benefits package that reflects our respect for your workplace contributions, professional goals, and personal priorities. The personal benefits program at Syska Hennessy includes:

Medical, Dental, Vision insurance
401(k) retirement plan with employer matching
Roth 401(k) Option
Individual and Dependent Life Insurance
Short- and Long-Term Disability
Health Wellness Programs, including flu shots and biometric screenings
Tuition Reimbursement
Training and professional development courses
Professional development incentive bonuses
Opportunities for community outreach through internal networks
A Generous Personal Time Off Program (PTO)
Transit/parking program
Monthly business phone stipend
Flexible summer work schedules

At Syska, we have cultivated a community that supports learning and provides guidance for professional development and further our culture of excellence. We promote an environment that is committed to embedding diversity and equality into the core of our business and culture. We empower our employees so they can take ownership for their work and development and strive to continually improve themselves and our firm. We rely on the talent, drive, enthusiasm and the total job satisfaction of the great people who work here for our success! Syska is a place where you can build an exceptional career and have a lasting impact on the world.

We do not accept unsolicited resumes from agencies or are looking to add additional agencies. We consider any resume received from an agency without prior approval from a member of our Recruiting Department to be unsolicited, and such submissions will not be recognized by for purposes of ""ownership"" of the candidate.

Agencies are requested not to contact our recruiting team or any other staff with recruiting inquiries.

Syska Hennessy Group – Creating Exceptional Environments

Let's Work Together!",3.9,"Syska Hennessy Group
3.9","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1933,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
182,Data Engineer,"$57k-$113k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WHAT WE DO MATTERS:

Here at The Knot Worldwide, we believe in doing work that matters. In 15 countries around the world, our leading family of brands (The Knot, WeddingWire, Bodas, GigMasters, The Bump, How They Asked, Lasting, and more) inspire, inform, and celebrate our communities as they move through life's milestones. From the proposal to creating a home, and starting a family together, we're there for every step of the journey. Our couples and business partners depend on us. They're all in. So are we.

ABOUT THE ROLE:

The Data Engineer plays a key role in developing the data warehouse infrastructure that is used by the entire organization. Our mission is to provide reliable, performant, timely and understandable centralized data services to TKWW. This is a multi-disciplinary role that involves managing infrastructure resources as well as utilizing technologies ranging from low level python and shell coding to enterprise ETL and Business Intelligence reporting tools. The Data Engineer assists in providing the data and information needed for The Knot WorldWide to be the leading data-driven software product company in the wedding events industry.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Extract, load and transform data from The Knot Worldwide and other sources to our DataWarehouse for the consumption of our end users.
Design and develop solutions for integration between disparate systems which include cloud-based sources such as Salesforce and Salesforce Marketing Cloud.
Maintaining current ETL processes and resolve daily ETL job failures as they arise.
Resolve Ad-hoc data questions from the organization in a timely and accurate manner.
Continuous improvement on current ETL processes to ensure accuracy, timeliness and scalability as data volumes grow.
Document built processes and data content and publish needed information to our data dictionary
SUCESSFUL DATA ENGINEER CANDIDATES HAVE:
A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field is preferred. An advanced degree or professional licensing is a plus.
Programming experience and a demonstrated interest in statistical analysis, informatics, analytics, or business intelligence
Minimum of 5+ years experience with SQL and Data Warehouse development and ETL
Hands-on experience with at least one of the following Databases (MYSQL, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, MSSQL, Redshift)
Scripting skills using shell, python or ruby
Experience with standard warehousing concepts like Data Marts and Dimensional Modeling
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Present ideas, expectations and information in a concise, well-organized way.
Conduct research and make recommendations on BI requirements, products, and services.
Manage time well, correctly prioritizing tasks.
IT'S A BONUS IF YOU HAVE:
Knowledge of data warehouse schema design and architecture.
Experience with at least one Business Intelligence tool such as Qlik and Metabase
Experience with Big Data Solutions such as Snowflake, Redshift, Google BigQuery or Hadoop.
Experience with ETL tools such as Matillion, Boomi, Informatica, SSIS,, etc.
Programming experience with Ruby, Python, Shell Scripting.
At The Knot Worldwide, we believe you are more than a resume and invite you to go for it, take the leap of faith, and apply for this job if it sparks your passion to join TKWW and make a difference!

WHAT WE LOVE ABOUT YOU:
You Dream Big. You iterate and experiment to drive innovation.
You Love Our Users. You keep our global community at the center of everything you do.
You Respect All Voices. Inclusion strengthens us and powers your decisions.
You Hustle Every Day. You favor urgency and own your outcomes.
You Win Together. People are at the heart of our success and you play as a team.
WHAT YOU LOVE ABOUT US:

The Knot Worldwide offers a unique employee experience and we are deeply proud of our award-winning culture. From flexible vacation and generous parental leave benefits to promoting wellness and giving back to our community, we believe in happiness above all else—in and out of the office. We offer a full benefits package including options for medical, dental and vision insurance and a 401k with company match.

--

The Knot Worldwide provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, The Knot Worldwide complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. The Knot Worldwide expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

If you are a resident of California, by submitting your application, you acknowledge that you've read the California Privacy Notice.",3.7,"The Knot Worldwide
3.7","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
183,Plant Engineer (5+ years of Mechanical/Electrical experience),-1,"MDG is looking for a Plant Engineer who has 5+ years of experience in installing and maintaining plant floor mechanical and electrical systems. The Plant Engineer assures that equipment used in the day to day manufacturing and blending of bioaugmentation products are performing in optimal condition and actively participates in the implementation of new equipment and processes.

Microbial Discovery Group (MDG) is an R&D driven microbial cultivation and fermentation company. MDG provides bioaugmentation products and solutions for a multitude of industries. Microbial Discovery Group excels in new product innovation, customer focused manufacturing and technical support expertise.
Responsibilities*
· Ensure the proper operation of the following plant equipment:

· Bioreactors (fermentation vessels)

· Centrifuges

· Refrigeration Equipment

· Freeze Dryers

· Spray Dryers

· Boilers

· Chillers

· Air Compressors

· Blenders

· Pin Mills / Grinders

· Troubleshoots and isolates equipment problems (mechanical and electrical)

· Works with maintenance personnel to implement repairs while minimizing impact to production

· Establishes and adheres to preventive maintenance schedule

· Documents all maintenance and repair activities

· Interpret, understand, and assist in the development of technical documents such as P&ID, Equipment Lists, Logic Diagrams, and Schematics.

· Coordinate with outside mechanical and electrical contractors to perform work outside of MDG core competencies

· Oversee installation and commissioning of new plant floor equipment

· Integrate existing standalone equipment into corporate network for the purpose of remote monitoring and control

· Perform PLC and HMI software updates when required

· Generate documentation such as User Requirements Specification, Functional Specifications, Hardware Design Specifications, and Software Design Specifications for new MDG projects

· Develop interface to collect production data to a network database (Access or SQL Server)

· Work closely with Quality Control department to assure compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP).

· Evaluate current and emerging technologies for possible use at MDG
Will be required to perform other duties as requested, directed or assigned
Job Qualification Requirements*
· Bachelor of Science or Master of Science degree in Electrical, Mechanical, or Chemical Engineering

· 5+ years of experience in installing and maintaining plant floor mechanical and electrical systems

· Manufacturing, fermentation or chemical product operations experience highly desirable

· Keen troubleshooting and analytical skills

· Experience with industrial equipment such as steam generators, refrigeration, and air compressors

· Knowledge of industrial components and instrumentation

· Knowledge of industrial computer systems, PLC’s, HMI’s, motor controls, and power technologies

· Knowledge of specialized equipment such as bioreactors, centrifuges, and freeze dryers is desired

· AutoCAD familiarity

· Demonstrates proficient computer skills, especially with MS Office and database applications

· Expertise with biotechnology operations including fermentation and CIP/SIP is preferred

· Demonstrates proficiency in basic math skills

· Ability to complete projects within specified timelines

· Excellent attention to detail and accuracy

· Outstanding organizational skills and ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment

· Self motivated. Ability to work effectively with minimal supervision

· Excellent communication skills (oral & written)

· Ability to work well with others

· Shift: Primarily 1st shift, but can be variable depending on equipment needs. Occasional weekend work.

Information:
To learn more about MDG, please visit our website: mdgbio.com
To apply for a position, please click the ""apply"" button below and follow instructions to apply through Indeed, please then also copy and paste the link below to apply directly to our website application process. This will also include taking the culture index survey. The culture index survey helps with the process of finding great people. Those who do not complete the culture index will not be considered. Thank you for your consideration.
https://www.cindexinc.com/c/6CE2E6

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Weekends
Experience:
Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
Multiple locations",4.1,"Microbial Discovery Group
4.1","Franklin, WI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
184,Java/Data Engineer,"$43k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Java Developer – Contract – Buffalo, NY

We have a very hot opportunity! One of our clients is looking for an experienced Java Developer. This person will be helping with implementing Client Data Synchronization workflows.

Example:

We have a bunch of client data files and need to use our framework to ETL them into our platform database models. Tech stack would be:

Java
Spring (Spring Boot, Spring Cloud Data Flow)
SQL Experience – strong Relational Database knowledge
Web services creations

IND123",4.1,"Systems Personnel
4.1","Buffalo, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
185,Senior Automation Engineer,"$64k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*About Project Farma*

Project Farma (PF) is a rapidly growing professional service company headquartered in Chicago, IL. We consult in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, and gene and cell therapy industries providing cGMP and industry best practices to our clients. We are an industry leader in providing project management, validation, engineering, quality/compliance and consulting services to support finding ground-breaking treatments and solutions. Our clients include early stage startups, established life science companies and CMOs / CROs. Our family-oriented culture strives to develop and leverage your interpersonal skills and technical experience for long term success.

*Purpose and Scope of Position*

We are looking for a highly motivated Sr. Automation Engineer providing manufacturing support including working on processing equipment in clean and mechanical spaces within a manufacturing facility in the South San Francisco area. This individual will be responsible for providing support for bio-pharmaceutical manufacturing projects and operations for the Downstream Automation group with a focus on Drug Product. Area of focus will primarily be supporting manufacturing computer/automation/process control systems to ensure reliable operation of Drug Product systems, including Commercial and Clinical fill lines and associated control systems used in and supporting bulk processing, the filling of recombinant proteins, packaging, and inspection. Candidate must be a self-starter, who can independently drive projects and day to-day work tasks to completion according to a defined budget and schedule. The candidate must be able to work well with others in an informal results-oriented environment.

*Responsibilities*

*-*Manufacturing technical support. Provide 24x7 on-call for manufacturing computer/automation/process control systems

-Monitoring and analysis of manufacturing data as necessary to provide support for process discrepancies, investigations, validation protocols, process transfers, or equipment troubleshooting

-Developing and implementing technologies which enhance manufacturing operations

-Support implementation of projects of various magnitude to maximize success rates, reduce discrepancies, increase capacity/productivity, increase levels of safety and/or compliance

-Design and execution of large and/or strategic projects in line with overall department and plant strategies, including: project approach and resource needs, options analysis, execution plan, engineering document development, and system ownership through the project delivery life cycle of planning, design, implementation, installation, commission and qualification.

-Contribute towards infrastructure improvements to guidelines, procedures, practices, standards and cross-functional business processes to increase efficiency and effectiveness of the Automation group. Candidate should have a mindset of sharing insights and improvements and participating in/lead design reviews.

-Ensure that systems achieve a high level of performance, reliability and regulatory compliance.

-Author and maintain detailed design documents, system architecture diagrams and standard operating procedures.

-Provide technical leadership, guidance and mentoring to staff including projects, continuous improvements and inspection/regulatory readiness initiatives.

-Assess and manage risks associated with system operation and use, and design, and implement improvements.

-Support site audits and inspections, and implement corrections as needed.

-This position requires strong adherence to compliance and safety requirements, cGMPs, SOPs, and other manufacturing documents. As with any position in a manufacturing environment, the job requires an ability to adapt to rapidly changing priorities and the flexibility to support operations in accordance with the manufacturing schedule.

*Qualifications*

*-*B.S or M.S. in Chemical, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering or equivalent degree

-5+ years of relevant work experience/training.

-Working experience supporting multiple controller platforms (such as Allen-Bradley PLC 5 & ControlLogix, Siemens, etc.) and interfaces (GE iFix, RSView, etc.), as well as historian and SQL/database experience.

-Experience at reviewing instrumentation and electrical wiring diagrams, communication networks, installation and troubleshooting.

-Theoretical and applied knowledge of process instrumentation, classical process control, continuous process control, Electrical areas and S88 Batch programming, validation and GMP regulations applicable to automated systems (including ISPE GAMP guidelines), ISA standards and P&ID nomenclature.

-Experience working in a cGMP environment

-Requires an ability to adapt to rapidly changing priorities and the flexibility to support operations in accordance with the manufacturing schedule.

-The successful candidate must have strong initiative and integrity as well as strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. They should be able to successfully work independently and within teams, demonstrate strong problem-solving skills, partner/customer focus, and the ability to work with complex business systems and processes

-Flexibility for after-hours on call support rotation and support of 24/7 manufacturing operations

*In return for your skills, knowledge, and passion, Project Farma offers a wide range of benefits including: *

*-*Competitive salary based on experience

-Aggressive bonus structure to reward your commitment

-Paid Time Off

-Company laptop

-Continuing education (internal and external)

-Health Insurance

-401k plan with company match and discretionary annual profit sharing

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
* 401(k)
* 401(k) matching
* Dental insurance
* Disability insurance
* Health insurance
* Life insurance
* Paid time off
* Parental leave
* Professional development assistance
* Referral program
* Retirement plan
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
* Bonus pay

Experience:
* Manufacturing execution system: 5 years (Required)

Education:
* Bachelor's (Required)

License:
* willing to take hiring and random drug tests (Required)

Work authorization:
* United States (Required)

Application Question:
* Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B visa status)?

Work Location:
* One location

Company's website:
* projectfarma.com

Company's Facebook page:
* facebook.com/projectfarma

Benefit Conditions:
* Waiting period may apply
* Only full-time employees eligible

Work Remotely:
* No",4.5,"Project Farma
4.5","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
186,Sr. Software Engineer - TS/SCI Required,"$122k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Software Engineer at Synergist, you will work with a team of developers on a specific project critical to one of our customer’s needs. You'll be an active contributor on an Agile Software development team to deliver custom solutions to the customer. You will perform design, development, and testing activities related to assigned tasks and manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.

**Position Requires a Top Secret Clearance with a Full-Scope Polygraph**

Degree and Years of Experience
BS degree in Computer Science or a similar technical field of study and 8 years of experience software development/engineering experience. An additional 4 years of experience may be substituted for the degree.
Responsibilities
Be an active contributor on an Agile Software development team to deliver custom solutions to the customer.
Perform design, development, and testing activities related to assigned tasks.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. Citizen.
Ability to lead, direct, and/or mentor a software development team.
Ability to collaborate across multiple teams and develop ideas, architectures and agreements to support the interfaces between products.
Software development experience in one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, C++, Ruby.
Experience developing software within a Linux environment.
Experience working with any of the following: web/mobile application development, distributed systems, user interface development, big data analytics.
Excellent communication skills.
Passion for technology and the drive to learn new programming languages and frameworks.
Desired Qualifications:
We realize that we are about to enumerate a bunch of skills and experience here. Don’t worry if you don’t have all of these, but we’d like you to have touched some of these technologies or concepts or at least be familiar with them.
Experience with NoSQL technologies such as MongoDB, REDIS, Neo4J, etc.
Experience with Relational Databases such as MySQL, Oracle, POSTGres
Experience with developing RESTful Services using a framework such as Jersey, Spring MVC, CXF
Experience with an Enterprise Integration Framework such as Apache Camel, or Spring Integration
Experience with JMS to include messaging Frameworks such as Apache ActiveMQ or Apache Artemis.
Experience with Spring to include Spring Boot, Spring Data
Experience with the Java Persistence API through a persistence framework such as Hibernate, OpenJPA
Experience developing and deploying applications to Servlet containers such as Tomcat or Jetty or Application Servers such as Glassfish, JBoss, Weblogic
Experience developing Applications with NodeJS
Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as Ext-JS, AngularJS, Vue or React.
Experience with Javascript, Flex, JSP, HTML, CSS, SpringMVC, or equivalents for UI developers and Spring, Hibernate, JPA, Servlets or equivalents for Java developers
Experience developing web applications leveraging ES6 and component based packaging
Experience with Bootstrap framework.
Experience with JQuery
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce
Experience developing applications within utility clouds such as AWS, Rackspace, or Heroku
Experience wtth continuous integration tools such as Gitlab I or Jenkins
--

Know anyone who may also be interested in a position with us? Refer them and receive a substantial referral bonus! https://synergistcomputing.com/referral",5.0,"Synergist Computing
5.0","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
187,Data Engineer,"$42k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Conduent:

Conduent delivers mission-critical services and solutions on behalf of businesses and governments – creating exceptional outcomes for its clients and the millions of people who count on them. Through people, process and technology, Conduent solutions and services automate workflows, improve efficiencies, reduce costs and enable revenue growth. It’s why most Fortune 100 companies and over 500 government entities depend on Conduent every day to manage their essential interactions and move their operations forward.

Conduent’s differentiated services and solutions improve experiences for millions of people every day, including two-thirds of all insured patients in the U.S., 11 million employees who use its HR Services, and nearly nine million people who travel through toll systems daily. Conduent’s solutions deliver exceptional outcomes for its clients including $17 billion in savings from medical bill review for workers compensation claims, up to 40% efficiency increase in HR operations, and up to 40% improvement in processing costs, while driving higher end-user satisfaction. Learn more at www.conduent.com.

Job Description:

We are looking for a Data Engineer who will be part of our Analytics Practice and will be expected to actively work in a multi-disciplinary fast paced environment. This role requires a broad range of skills and the ability to step into different roles depending on the size and scope of the project; its primary responsibility is the development and mainteneance of data pipelines including acquisition, transformation, loading and processing of data.

Responsibilities:

Engineer and maintain a modern Cloud data pipeline to collect, organize, and process data from disparate sources.
Performs data management tasks, such as conduct data profiling, assess data quality, and write SQL queries to extract and integrate data
Develop / maintain efficient data collection systems and sound strategies for getting quality data from different sources
Consume and analyze data from the data pool to support inference, prediction and recommendation of actionable insights to support business growth.
Design, develop and maintain ETL processes using tools and scripting. Troubleshoot and debug ETL processes. Performance tuning and opitimization of the ETL processes.
Provide support to new or existing applications while recommending best practices and leading projects to implement new functionality.
Collaborate in design reviews and code reviews to ensure standards are met. Recommend new standards for visualizations.
Learn and develop new ETL techniques as required to keep up with the contemporary technologies.
Reviews the solution requirements and architecture to ensure selection of appropriate technology, efficient use of resources and integration of multiple systems and technology.
Support presentations to Customers and Partners
Advising on new technology trends and possible adoption to maintain competitive advantage

Experience Needed:

5+ years of related experience is required.
A BS or Masters degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline is required
ETL experience with data integration to support data marts, extracts and reporting
Experience connecting to varied data sources
Excellent SQL coding experience with performance optimization for data queries.
Understands different data models like normalized, de-normalied, stars, and snowflake models. Worked with transactional, temporal, time series, and structured and unstructured data.
Worked in big data environments, cloud data stores, different RDBMS and OLAP solutions.
Experience in cloud-based ETL development processes.
Experience in deployment and maintenance of ETL Jobs.
Is familiar with the principles and practices involved in development and maintenance of software solutions and architectures and in service delivery.
Has strong technical background and remains evergreen with technology and industry developments.

Additional Requirements

Demonstrated ability to have successfully completed multiple, complex technical projects
Prior experience with application delivery using an Onshore/Offshore model
Experience with business processes across multiple Master data domains in a services based company
Demonstrates a rational and organized approach to the tasks undertaken and an awareness of the need to achieve quality.
Demonstrates high standards of professional behavior in dealings with clients, colleagues and staff.
Is able to make sound and far reaching decisions alone on major issues and to take full responsibility for them on a technical basis.
Strong written communication skills. Is effective and persuasive in both written and oral communication.
Experience with gathering end user requirements and writing technical documentation
Time management and multitasking skills to effectively meet deadlines under time-to-market pressure
Requires some travel (on average 10%-20%)
Closing:

Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law.

People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the ""Submit"" button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form. You may also click here to access Conduent’s ADAAA Accommodation Policy.",2.8,"Conduent
2.8","Morrisville, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,2017,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
188,Sr Data Analyst,"$52k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position location: Lake Mary, FLor Blue Bell, PA

Position Summary
The Senior Data Analyst drives pharma client analytics solutions for United BioSource Corporation (UBC), supporting many of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to improve patient lives, support drug safety programs, and help manage new Clinical studies.

Responsibilities

· Build and continually improve Tableau dashboard offerings for business partners.

· Monitor and analyze business performance, providing targeted dashboards and recommendations for operational improvement.

· Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for business data, systems and processes under team’s area of support.

· Write and edit SQL code to ensure data is pulled optimally.

Required Qualifications

· BS in a technical field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, IS, Computer Science, etc).

· Advanced SQL skills.

· Advanced dashboard design skills, including 2+ years of experience with a dashboard toolset (Tableau, Qlik, Domo, Birst, etc).

· 2+ years of data analysis experience.

· Excellent communication and presentation ability.

· Excellent project management skills.

· Highly self-motivated.

Preferred Qualifications

· MS in a Data-related field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, etc).

· Expert-level SQL skills

· Expert-level Tableau skills.

· Advanced R skills.

· Healthcare (ideally pharma) experience.

·Minimal travel is required (",2.5,"United BioSource
2.5","Blue Bell, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Other Organization,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
189,Data Engineer,"$76k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking multiple Data Engineers to support a new requirement in/around Springfield, VA. The selected candidates may be required to deploy forward up to 10% of the time into operational areas or other remote sites.

Responsibilities include:
Responsible for extracting, loading, and transforming a variety of data types, formats, and sources in order to cultivate accessible relational, document store, and graph databases
Develops logical and physical data models, database creation, data optimization, and implementation
Work side-by-side data scientist to make use of the collected data
Deploy sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning, and statistical models
Document all work in a code base, and other Install, Operations, and Maintenance artifacts per government direction
Basic Qualifications:
Requires in-depth knowledge of distributed systems, computer science, programming, and mathematics. Works with warehouses across multiple databases; responsible for developing table schemas
Ability to manage and organize data while identifying trends and inconsistencies that will impact government missions
Experience preparing data for predictive and prescriptive modeling; uses data to discover tasks that can be automated; delivers updates to stakeholders based on analytics
Experience/certifications in Mongo DB, Python, Cypher Query Language, R, Apache Spark / Hadoop, Linux, ETL, data warehouse, data modeling, and MS Azure, and Amazon Web Services
Experience adhering to Information Technology processes, polices, and procedures for entering changes and new products into the production environment
Experience in cloud, containerization, indexing, scaling databases, and graph analysis to build in automation, efficiency, and implementation of security controls
Desired Skills:
Prior experience supporting US Special Forces
Prior deployment to OCONUS locations
AWS and/or Azure certifications
Security Clearance Requirements:
Active TS/SCI security clearance required
Willing to undergo polygraph examination
Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.

For more details, or to submit a referral: bit.ly/NovettaReferrals

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Springfield, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
190,Supply Chain Engineer Manager,"$73k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Supply Chain Engineer Manager will assist in development of innovative solutions to solve supply chain problems. This position will manage other engineers. Provides regular and proactive communications to customers and NFI management. The successful candidate will possess excellent technical skills and leadership experience combined with demonstrated interpersonal and teamwork skills

Essential Duties & Responsibilities:

Works on extremely complex and multi-dimensional solutions for multiple customers

Applies company methodologies and tools to design distribution and/or transportation operations

Establishes and implements performance measures

Actively supports the sales process and creates high quality solutions and designs

Provides proposal and presentation support and development

Makes Supply Chain strategy recommendations

Effectively interacts with customers, Sales, and Operations to create value propositions

Collaborates with Engineering and Operations Managers to implement efficient and competitive solutions

Manages multiple and complex Supply Chain projects

Provides resource planning based on priorities and demand signals

May assist in providing logistics training

Supervises a team of engineers (hire, promote, coach, development and performance management

Collects data and perform statistical analysis

Maps and documents processes

Develop responses to Requests for Proposal.

Provide analytical support for development of operational pricing and transportation solutions.

Collaborate with Operations and Sales to define client requirements and solution alternatives.

Identify and define business process improvement opportunities .

Recommend continuous improvement opportunities for existing clients

Work closely with Engineering and Pricing to determine the best opportunities to serve our customers

Present internal and external solutions to NFI operations and customer leadership

Requirements:

Bachelor's Degree in Engineering

Minimum 8 years’ experience in any of the following areas; transportation management, dedicated fleet operations, distribution center management, materials handling, decision support systems and technology

Masters Degree preferred

Knowledge of transportation operations

Data management and manipulation skills

Programming skills to manipulate large data-sets

Experience with routing and scheduling packages and transportation optimization software

Strong financial conceptual skills

Strong computer proficiency in MS Office applications

Demonstrated data manipulation skills with the ability to manage multiple projects at one time.

Excellent communications skills.

Experience preparing and presenting oral and written presentations to management and clients

Experience with supply chain technology (Appian, JDA, LLamasoft, Manugistics).

Well organized with high attention to detail and accuracy

Demonstrated ability to learn technical skills quickly

Understanding of optimization and/or simulation algorithms

Database skills, especially through SQL or Access

Knowledge in: VBA, Python, R, Matlab, Java, C++, or C# is a major plus

To all agencies: Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee of NFI about this opening. All resumes submitted by search firms/employment agencies to any employee at NFI via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of NFI, unless such search firms/employment agencies were engaged by NFI for this position and a valid agreement with NFI is in place. In the event a candidate who was submitted outside of the NFI agency engagement process is hired, no fee or payment of any kind will be paid.",3.3,"NFI Industries
3.3","Dallas, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1932,Company - Private,Logistics & Supply Chain,Transportation & Logistics,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
191,Senior Product Engineer,"$56k-$96k
(Glassdoor Est.)","GENERAL SUMMARY

The Senior Product Engineer - supports all aspects throughout the manufacturing process from initial conception to delivery to the end customer. The Product Engineer communicates and collaborates with internal departments including sales, assembly, production control, quality and test engineering daily to assist in reaching company objectives.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS

Ø Creates, maintains, reviews and approves technical documentation such as datasheets, process specifications, reports and internal documents and specifications.

Ø Provides support on a range of products and services to internal departments and externally to customers. This includes but is not limited to; supporting the test floor, product claim validation, programming and yield analysis

Ø Ability to use oscilloscope and semiconductor hardware to evaluate semiconductor product performance

Ø Addresses other tasks as they arise such as; product characterization in a lab environment, data analysis, capacitance testing and hardware debug

Ø Prior hands-on experience as a Semiconductor Product Engineer

Ø Ability to interpret customer requirements into test and assembly specifications

Ø Familiarity with Data and Yield Analysis Tools

Ø Experience driving Device and Package Level Qualification

Ø Submits failures to failure analysis lab and understands semiconductor analysis techniques

Ø Drives closure of product test and assembly failure evaluations

OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Ø Modifies process flows based on historical trends to streamline the manufacturing process.

Ø Coordinates new product developments and tracking associated costs.

Ø Supporting Test Services, Programming and Burn In as needed.

Senior Product Engineer

We are searching for an experienced Senior Product Engineer at our Newburyport, MA - Bld 16 location.

GENERAL SUMMARY

The Senior Product Engineer - supports all aspects throughout the manufacturing process from initial conception to delivery to the end customer. The Product Engineer communicates and collaborates with internal departments including sales, assembly, production control, quality and test engineering daily to assist in reaching company objectives.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS

Ø Creates, maintains, reviews and approves technical documentation such as datasheets, process specifications, reports and internal documents and specifications.

Ø Provides support on a range of products and services to internal departments and externally to customers. This includes but is not limited to; supporting the test floor, product claim validation, programming and yield analysis

Ø Ability to use oscilloscope and semiconductor hardware to evaluate semiconductor product performance

Ø Addresses other tasks as they arise such as; product characterization in a lab environment, data analysis, capacitance testing and hardware debug

Ø Prior hands-on experience as a Semiconductor Product Engineer

Ø Ability to interpret customer requirements into test and assembly specifications

Ø Familiarity with Data and Yield Analysis Tools

Ø Experience driving Device and Package Level Qualification

Ø Submits failures to failure analysis lab and understands semiconductor analysis techniques

Ø Drives closure of product test and assembly failure evaluations

OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Ø Modifies process flows based on historical trends to streamline the manufacturing process.

Ø Coordinates new product developments and tracking associated costs.

Ø Supporting Test Services, Programming and Burn In as needed.

PREPARATION, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES

Ø Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering or equivalent

Ø A minimum 5+ years of relevant experience in the semiconductor manufacturing industry

Ø Equipment Used:

o Component ATE

o Component automated handling equipment

o Device Programmers

o Wafer probers

o Temperature forcing equipment

o Basic lab equipment

o Burn In chambers

o Personal computers

o Telephone









WORKING CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL DEMANDS

Social/Environmental Requirements:

Ø Strong organizational skills.

Ø Potential exposure to adverse environment conditions: Voltages / Current

Sensory Requirements

Ø Close work (paperwork, visual examination), visual clarity less than 1 foot, color/vision perception

Ø Hot/cold temperature

Ø Conversation

Ø Monitoring equipment

Ø Telephone

Ø Background noise

Physical Requirements

Ø Light/Medium physical work; seldom exerting force of 50 lbs., but at times pushing/lifting/carrying items up to 50 lbs., reaching above and below shoulder height

Ø Frequent walking

Ø Occasional standing, twisting and bending

Ø Power grasping, manipulation, pushing and pulling with both hands

Ø Moderate to Heavy keyboard use

Our company provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.",3.1,"Rochester Electronics
3.1","Newburyport, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1981,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
192,Senior Data Engineer,"$99k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities

The
Senior Data Engineer reports to the Manager of Data Architecture, within the Data
Architecture and Engineering team. You will be responsible for architecting,
designing, developing and operating high Performance Big Data pipelines focused
on genomics and precision health. This role will be at the intersection of computer
sciences and biology.

The
role requires constant learning to remain up to date on the latest trends in
the Big Data and Genomics world. You will contribute to the Data Architecture teams efforts to develop
cloud-based data infrastructure for data ingestion pipelines and analytics
platforms to facilitate research activities and precision health initiatives and will help evolve our data
infrastructure design to a next generation system that leverages Cloud and Big
Data technologies.

You will work directly with a wide variety of stakeholders, including clinicians,
researchers, and students that develop, support and promote the usage of UCLA
Health Data assets (Data Lake, Data Warehouse and Data Marts).
Qualifications
7 or more years of software
development experience with multiple programming languages, technologies,
and frameworks
Demonstrated experience on the data
processing side of the software development cycle and deep understanding of choosing the right
Data Structures and right Algorithms for data processing
Hands on experience running bioinformatics
pipelines on genomics and clinical data
Good understanding of Genomics tools and technologies like PLINK, VCF, FASTA, GATK and GenomicsDB; exposure to different genomics datasets like
WGS, WES, and RNASeq highly desired
Familiarity with Software Development Life
Cycle, software unit testing and version control (preferably Git)
Hands-on experience designing and delivering
solutions involving computationally intensive steps using technologies
such as Hadoop-Map reduce, Spark or HPC
Expertise and working knowledge of
Linux/Unix operating systems, command line tools and clusters
Strong industry experience in programming
languages such as Python, C# or Java, with the ability to pick up new
languages and technologies quickly; understanding of cloud and distributed
systems principles and experience with large-scale, big data methods
Experience designing, developing and
consuming performant REST APIs for data abstractions
Experience working with Data Scientists,
Researchers and DevOps engineers to build, deploy and operationalize code
at scale
Good understanding of Object oriented and
Functional programming paradigms
Bachelors
degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Life sciences or related
field from an accredited college or university; Masters Degree in
Computational Biology, BioInformatics preferred

UCLA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",4.0,"UCLA Health
4.0","Los Angeles, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1919,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
193,Data Engineer,"$43k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Meet our professionals

CGI: An employer of choice

Position Description

CGI is looking for experienced Data Engineer to join our team in Cleveland OH.

Data Engineers deliver quality reporting and data intelligence solutions to the organization and assist client teams with drawing insights to make informed, data driven decisions. Data Engineers (DEs) are engaged in all phases of the data management lifecycle; gather and analyze requirements, collect, process, store and secure, use, share and communicate, archive, reuse and repurpose data. Identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured, monitored and controlled.

Your future duties and responsibilities

•Develops software that processes, stores and serves data for use by others

•Implements Target Data Flows

•Designs and Implements necessary Data Transformation

•Integrates Defined Data Quality Rules

•Tune Big data applications on Hadoop and non-Hadoop platforms for optimal performance

•Evaluate new IT developments and evolving business requirements and recommend appropriate systems alternatives and/or enhancements to current systems by analyzing business processes, systems and industry standards.

•Develops data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reporting needs.

•Design or develop data model and enrich the analytical data sources for further usability and availability by adopting advanced & cutting-edge technology.

•May also conduct minor to advanced data analysis, wire-frame, and develop dashboards and visualizations; and prepare senior leader briefings or support the development of data-informed strategic frameworks to help guide the future of analytics programs.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role

• Bachelor's degree and at least 3 years of experience in data engineering; Advanced knowledge of SQL

•Experience establishing and maintaining key relationships with internal (peers, business partners and leadership) and external (business community, clients and vendors) within a matrix organization to ensure quality standards for service.

•Experience analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions.

•Experience with designing DataMart, Data Warehouse, database objects within relational databases MySQL, SQL Server is required

Skill SetYears of ExperienceProficiency Level

Sql 5 and above Advanced

Hadoop 4 and above Advanced

Data Analysis 5 and above Advanced

Python 3 and above Advanced

pyspark 3 and above Advanced

Agile 3 and above Advanced

planning, organization, communication and thought leadership skills 5 and above

good time management skills and Customer service orientation 5 and above

Minimum Education Required:Bachelors Degree

Skills
SQL
Python
Data Analysis
Hadoop Hive
What you can expect from us

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients' digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI atwww.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox atUS_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you.Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Clickhere to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI's legal duty to furnish information.",3.6,"CGI Group, Inc.
3.6","Cleveland, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$10+ billion (USD),-1
194,API Senior Software Engineer,"$68k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Boston Private is a leading provider of fully integrated wealth management, trust and private banking services. For more than 25 years, Boston Private has taken a highly personalized approach to serving the complex financial needs of individuals, families, business owners, private partnerships, nonprofits and community partners. Boston Private is also an active provider of financing for affordable housing, first-time homebuyers, economic development, social services, community revitalization and small businesses.
Headquartered in Boston, Boston Private has offices across the U.S. including Boston, San Francisco, San Jose, Los Angeles and South Florida. Private banking and trust services are provided through Boston Private Bank & Trust Company. Wealth management services are provided through Boston Private Wealth LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company.

The Senior Software Engineer focused on API layer has design, development, and maintenance responsibility for the firms API layer. This position will be a lead role, directly impacting the API layer design and implementation of the firm. The position provides exposure to many business units in a dynamic financial services firm. This role requires direct interaction with end users and excellent analytical and communication skills.

Partner with Architecture to define and design an API layer for the firm to support data access and integration needs of our systems and business units that are scalable and built to industry best practices.
Design, build, unit test, and maintain services within the API layer.
Define, develop, and enforce all standards for API layer design, development, unit testing, and deployment.
Align all architecture and design decisions with Boston Private’s Architecture guidelines and standards.
Drives process improvement changes to ensure high productivity and quality of services provided.
Maintain high-level familiarity with other IT system/business application capabilities in order to make recommendations about potential upstream/downstream integration or functionality.
Partner with Architecture and Data Management to understand current and future strategies and objectives.
Define and enforce strict release management protocols, leveraging DevOps best practices, are followed and environments are kept up-to-date.

8+ years of experience with implementing service-oriented architecture (SOA) and enterprise application integration (EAI) using technologies like MuleSoft, Dell Boomi, webMethods, or TIBCO etc.
B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent.
5+ years of experience in building API and service layers.
Designs and develops ESB/SOA/BPM middleware layers using tools like Mulesoft, ServiceMix, webMethods, TIBCO and J2EE concepts.
Documents design specifications, troubleshoots and testing.
Actively involved with requirement definition and analysis.
Work closely with functional leads, product managers, and business analysts to understand integration requirements.
Suggests innovative solutions to business problems/ processes that leverage technology to provide marketing differentiation, performance improvements, and better user experiences.
Interacts well with other technical team leaders such as architects, testing, analysts, and release managers as a lead member of the development team in order to accomplish the business goal.
Strong experience in XML, XSD, XSLT, SOAP/REST and web services.
Solid understanding of the design patterns.
Strong mentoring skills with excellent communication, collaboration, and problem solving capabilities.
Self-motivated with exceptional follow-through
Ability to independently prioritize and complete tasks in a structured manner
Strong problem solving and analysis skills with the ability to work and deliver under tight deadlines
Experience with DevOps and CI/CD.
Working knowledge of the Microsoft Development stack (ASP.NET Core, C#) preferred.
Experience working in an agile environment (e.g. Scrum, Kanban) preferred.
Experience in financial services is highly desired.
Experience with modern software frameworks and repositories such as TFS, SVN and GitHub is preferred.
Boston Private is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.",3.6,"Boston Private Bank & Trust Company
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
195,"Integration Engineer, Information Systems - Full Time","$54k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The mission of the GoHealth Urgent Care Integration Engineer is to ensure we can achieve seamless integration of data in various formats across multiple systems.

You will need to use analytical and technical skills along with existing industry standards, such as RESTful APIs, JSON, XML, HL7 and and FHIR to ensure team members at GoHealth and at our partner health systems are able to share information across disparate systems.

The Integration Engineer will need to collaborate within IT, other GoHealth corporate departments, and healthcare/clinical staff to understand the technical capabilities of each system, front-end workflows, and back-end data structures. You will work to ensure the systems used within the GoHealth environment and our integration engine communicate effectively and efficiently.

JOB REQUIREMENTS

Education

4-year degree required
Work Experience
JavaScript programming experience required
Experience building and supporting HL7 interfaces using a commercial integration engine preferred
Required Licenses/Certifications

Orion Rhapsody Associate/Professional or equivalent Mirth certifications preferred
Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required
Experience working with and parsing JSON, XML, JavaScript, CSV, and fixed-width data formats
Experience with writing SQL queries to store and retrieve data stored in SQL database(s)
Must have the ability to work with various people in different roles in dynamic situations
Understanding of general enterprise networking architecture and security
Additional Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Preferred

Architect, build, and support an enterprise integration engine platform to facilitate data exchange and adjustment or reformatting between multiple disparate systems
Perform interface design, programming, upgrades, testing and implementation of existing and new interfaces to allow electronic data transfer between GoHealth and partner health systems
Develop and support API's leveraging common web servcie protocols (REST, HTTP, JSON).
Work directly with GoHealth and external clients or vendors to understand and prioritize their data integration needs and translate those needs into technical, standards based specifications.
Analyze data feeds within the integration engine to and from various systems and define the interface specification describing details of the incoming/outgoing data
Build and manage relationships with various application vendors, integration engines, and health system partners
Apply project management skills to drive major data integration projects from start to finish
Design testing and QA scripts to ensure proper usage and interpretation of data elements across systems
Develop a deep understanding of healthcare analytics including data flow and key business data elements that drive decisions
Experience and knowledge of healthcare EHR technologies along with their underlying data structure
Providing excellent customer service to staff and external and internal project stakeholders.
All other duties as assigned.

Note: this job description is not inclusive of all the duties of the position. You may be asked by leaders to perform other duties. Management reserves the right to revise this position description at any time.

The lifestyle you can lead. Atlanta is Georgia's state capital and home to approximately half a million residents. Well known for its arts, theater, galleries and museums, cultural attractions, and institutions of higher education, Atlanta offers many things to do. Visit Georgia Aquarium, the largest public aquarium in the Western Hemisphere. Shop and enjoy great entertainment in Underground Atlanta. See wildlife shows at Zoo Atlanta. Catch a pro football, basketball or baseball game. Foodies will delight in local favorites, such as crab fritters, chicken biscuits, pulled pork sandwiches and salted caramel ice cream. Choose from many welcoming neighborhoods to live in, from downtown and midtown to Chastain Park, and from Buckhead to Cabbagetown, Kirkwood and Morningside. There's also a good selection of public and private schools and nearby colleges and universities. Public transportation is excellent, and Atlanta is also served by Amtrak and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.

All qualified persons are granted an equal opportunity for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation and gender identity or expression, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, genetic information, medical condition, family care leave status, pregnancy or pregnancy-related condition, otherwise qualified disabled or veteran status. The company will comply with all fair employment laws in each of the jurisdictions where we conduct business.",2.3,"GoHealth Urgent Care
2.3","Atlanta, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
196,Principal Data Engineer,"$83k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description

Discover Financial Services is seeking a Principal Data Engineer to join our Enterprise Technology organization. Successful candidates will partner with our business partners to understand their reporting & data needs, design and help the team build pipelines using Next-Gen tools & new capabilities. Additionally you will be responsible to achieve operational excellence and efficient ways to manage projects and Production support. The ideal candidate will be passionate about Discover Financial Service’s data and its mission.

Responsibilities:

Provide senior-level technical consulting to peer & junior engineers during design and development for highly complex and critical data projects.
Provide engineering leadership to create and enhance data solutions enabling seamless integration and flow of data across the data ecosystem.
Design and develop data ingestion frameworks leveraging Open-Source tools such as NiFi, Kafka, Java, Pig, Spark, Python, as well as data processing/transformation frameworks leveraging Open-Source tools.
Building / Prototyping micro services based designs & solutions within the ETL data pipeline on Container Platforms (e.g Kubernetes & Open Shift)
Well verse with AWS, Cloud Platforms and experience on hybrid cloud data strategy solutions along with experience working with / in Data Warehouse teams that solve big data problems and challenges.
Create POC's of new ideas, scale them into Generic Patterns, and able to drive the team with technology thought leadership, bring in new ideas and bringing the engineering culture.
Provide support for deployed data applications and analytical models.
Working or conceptual knowledge of Ab Initio / ETL technologies, MPP Databases, Stream Data Platforms with knowledge on Qlik Replicate, Kafka, K-SQL
Develops and maintains complex front-ends with a focus on user experience
Develops and maintains backend systems
Uses holistic knowledge of all products in the team’s ecosystem to plan how new systems will be built and integrated
Innovates on and advocates for best practices and improved processes within the team and with internal partners; stays up to date with technology trends and innovations; mentors team members
Creates and maintains DevOps processes, application infrastructure, and utilizes cloud services (including database systems and models)
Supports live systems to ensure business continuity

Required Skills:

Bachelors degree in Information Technology, or related field
Minimum 8+ years of work experience in Information Technology, Computer Science, or equivalent work experience
In lieu of education experience, 10+ years of work experience in Information Technology, Computer Science, or equivalent work experience

Desired Skills:

AWS / Cloud / Data Warehouse Certification a big plus
Self-starter, Engineering Mindset, Innovator & Individual Contributor, Bring ideas to whiteboard and adopt with an agile mindset.
Bonus, if the candidates are experienced with Customers, Contact Preferences, Marketing and Financial domains.

#LI-KE

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.",3.9,"Discover
3.9","Crystal Lake, IL",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
197,Software Engineer (Polyglot - .NET/C#/Java),"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","MISO is looking for a polyglot! As our Software Developer/Software Engineer, you will be part of a team developing operation system applications that support our real time Control Room displays which are vital for MISO’s Control Room and how we monitor power distribution throughout the power grid in the Midwest. You will also be responsible for enhancing software applications that are critical to the reliability of the Bulk Electric System. Be part of an Agile environment, drive innovations that improve system availability, resilience and performance, and be a part of resolving complex technical issues.

Collaborate with the product owner and the business, and work closely with teams to define application enhancements and requirements
Create modeling web tools so we can model future electrical power
Be capable of driving and delivering thin slices of functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops in an agile environment
Use unit testing as part of development

We’re looking for a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related technical field; or at least 6 years of relevant work experience. We’re also looking for experience in designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems, and have a passion for automation.

If you have experience with the following skills, let us know about you so you can help deliver the right solutions for the business!

.Net (C#, MVC, .NET Core) or Java, and database knowledge
WPF/Winforms
Git/GitFlow
CI/CD
Relational Database experience such as Oracle, MySQL
Complex SQL queries
RESTful web services and SOAP
Exposure to Kotlin is preferable

Transformative innovation is happening in the electric industry; from digitalizing homes and distributed resources, to renewable energy and an ever-changing grid. MISO manages the electricity superhighway in the Central U.S. and through use of groundbreaking research and advanced technology, our highly skilled employees ensure power flows reliably to 42 million Americans. Operating the electricity grid, running a robust energy market, planning for a bright future – it’s what our immensely talented and dedicated team does every day.

We’re hiring! MISO has adapted our recruiting and onboarding processes to accommodate the needs of our prospective employees in light of the current conditions. At MISO, we are committed to the health and safety of our employees while maintaining a reliable bulk electric system. We are proud to offer #workfromhome options to our employees. MISO offers a comprehensive benefits package available on your first day of employment. #stillhiring #hiring",3.2,"MIDCONTINENT INDEPENDENT SYSTEM OPERATOR INC
3.2","Carmel, IN",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1998,Nonprofit Organization,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
198,Network System Engineer,"$80k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

· Provides Senior technical hardware and software support, maintenance and troubleshooting of data center systems and services, WAN/LAN network devices.

· Interacts with MIS management, technical and program staff as well as functional users and 3rd party vendors to manage the day-to-day scheduled and unscheduled computer operations and maintenance activities. Seeks to maintain stable, efficient and effective availability and operations of Bid-Plymouth Health Systems, Inc. data.

· Assists MIS managers and staff with basic technical design, optimization, monitoring, testing, evaluation, integration, installation and implementation of Network, Infrastructure and Application systems and components as directed. Designs network and systems to best meet customer-specific solutions, customizations and requirements, while maintaining company infrastructure standards and policies.

· Experience with supporting VMware Technologies - vCenter, ESX,, vSphere and VDi

· Hands-on experience developing, maintaining policies, rights/security, for Windows Server 2008/2012/2016 environments.

· Active Directory – Manage and design the following: Group policies, logon scripts, integration DFS, Server automation and scripting, VBScript, and PowerShell scripting.

· Strong understanding of network security definition and design to include Cisco Router/Switch/Firewall, Citrix, Exchange, EMC SAN, load balancers, SCCM, Data Domain and Networker environments. Also, includes the ability to work closely with and transfer knowledge to other IT team members.

· Actively monitors network and Internet activity and recommends improvements and changes to security measures as needed Produces reports of network performance. Develops and conducts proactive maintenance and change control activities, as approved, designed to ensure optimal operation of the network and systems.

· Understands and complies with all security policies; ensures that security and data protection are top priorities; integrates security into all designs and systems; makes recommendations regarding enhancing network security.

· Ensures all aspects of the network configuration, software licenses, user accounts and equipment are inventoried, tracked and documented and that all documents and diagrams are kept up to date as configurations change – including proper and timely attention to appropriate change control coordination, procedures and notifications.

· Strong analytical abilities. Performs day to day systems administration in conjunction with other Network Engineers and Technical Staff. Responds to customer and co-worker requests and manages priorities and time as directed. Conducts thorough risk analyses of integrating new software and hardware baselines.

· Assures proper backup and recovery policies and procedures are in place; coordinates disaster recovery planning and testing as required and directed.

· Evaluates new technological advances in view of organizational plans and objectives and makes appropriate recommendations to supervisor and other managers. Maintains current awareness of various trends and developments in the Computer Sciences field.

· Demonstrates strong and effective customer service skills, project support, and coordination and communications skills (written and verbal) with IT co-workers, customers and support vendors.

· Presents a professional image at all times and conducts him/herself in a professional manner.

· Able to work independently an in teams with minimal supervision.

Minimum Qualifications:

· Minimum of 8 years experience in network environment. Healthcare environment a plus.

· Strong working knowledge of firewalls and other standard network security equipment and software such as anti-virus, anti-spyware, anti-spam applications required.

· Strong understanding of IP based networks, routing, NAT, proxies, VPN and security protocols, tools and policies.

· Must have a Basic working knowledge of standard network and internet networking technologies and best practices.

· Strong Knowledge with Windows, 2008R2/2012/2016 environments.

· Basic knowledge with Microsoft SharePoint a plus.

· Strong understanding of Microsoft Outlook/Exchange 2012 and Microsoft Office 2007 and 2010 suite required

· Strong knowledge level with HP servers and workstation configurations and support required.

· Strong experience with POP, SMTP, FTP, SSH, HTTP and SSL.

· Expert understanding and experience with Active Directory principals and best practices.

Location: Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital-Plymouth · Information Systems
Schedule: Full time, Day shift, 40 hpw; 8-hr shifts; on-call coverage",3.1,"Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital-Plymouth
3.1","Plymouth, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1903,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
199,Systems Engineer Tier- II,"$41k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Structured Communication Systems is a leading information technology consultancy and systems integrator. We are experts at architecting and implementing secure and reliable solutions for delivering business applications, ensuring business continuity, enhancing data center performance and efficiency, enabling mobile workers, securing information assets and providing information security and governance.

Structured has immediate openings in Clackamas, Oregon and Bellevue, Washington for a Systems Engineer – Tier II. This position is responsible for assisting customers by acting as an escalation point for Systems-, Storage-, and Software-related communications and service requests, as well as coordinating information and the troubleshooting processes. Configures various systems and appliances for customers.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

An individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily in order to meet the qualifications required to perform this job successfully. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.

• Acts as a primary escalation point for Tier I engineers in remediating service requests and incidents, for both customers and internal operations.
• Primarily focused on assisting with the troubleshooting of various issues, service requests or incidents.
• Take appropriate actions while assisting and enabling Tier I engineers to troubleshooting incidents and providing basic service coordination for initial triage/troubleshooting of service requests.
• Review completed service requests and incidents for errors or omissions, and identify additional actions required to resolve outstanding issues and ensure excellent customer service.
• Act as the first line for incoming customer communications, when required.
• Design product implementation plans for customers of Structured.
• Install, configure and provide subject-matter expertise on the various systems and appliances from the manufacturers that Structured represents.
• Put together project files in a timely manner and provide project management services when appropriate.
• Identify professional service opportunities to address customers’ security, network, storage, systems, voice and mobility needs.
• Assist in defining Structured’s value proposition to end-users.
• Assist in sales opportunities with Structured’s sales personnel.
• Create detailed documentation and maintain an organized customer database.
• Follow the current policies and procedures for tracking activities in Structured’s various CRM tools.
• Participate in an on-call rotation with other members of Structured’s Managed Services team.

Competencies

• Promote and maintain a high standard of customer service at all times.

• Foster and maintain relationships with customers, prospective customers and vendors.
• Ability to maintain and continually develop accurate product and application knowledge.
• Provide input for professional service statements of work (“SOW”) and create SOW’s as directed.

Education Requirements

Bachelor’s degree (B.A. or B.S.) in Information Systems or equivalent plus 2 years’ experience; or 5 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience in Managed Services.

General Office Computer Skills

To perform this job successfully, an individual should be an experienced user of the Microsoft Office Suite and CRM/Service Delivery platforms.

Language Skills

Ability to read, analyze, and interpret quotes and reports. Ability to correspond, effectively present information, and respond to questions from employees, management, vendors and customers.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to walk, stand, sit or step up to access equipment within a data center environment; use hands to, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear.The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch and twist. The employee will occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.

Working Conditions

The working conditions characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Work is performed in both a general office environment, as well as a data center environment. Within the general office environment, both the lighting and temperature are generally moderate. The data center environment is generally cool in temperature and the lighting is moderate; the noise level in the data center environment is generally loud.

Must have a valid Driver’s License and motor vehicle insurance (at least equal to the state’s minimum coverage requirements), as well as have the ability to travel to customer locations and other destinations for short to medium term projects. This position may require an adjusted work schedule and evening hours in order to meet or attend vendor/customer needs. Flexibility to field phone calls, pager or system alerts and provide remote or on-site support to clients outside of normal business hours, including weekends and holidays.

Compensation

Our organization provides a full compensation package that facilitates development and growth. The benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, group life and AD&D insurance, and long and short-term disability coverage and 401(k). We also provide training on mutually agreed upon professional goals through a combination of self-study courses, formal training, and on-the-job training. Obtaining industry based certifications is highly encouraged.

\*Structured is an Equal Opportunity Employer with a strong commitment to supporting and retaining a diverse and talented workforce.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year",3.4,"Structured Communication Systems
3.4","Anchorage, AK",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1992,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
200,Senior Site Civil Engineer / Project Manager,"$76k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Page 1 of 3

Position Description Senior Engineer III

Department: Engineering Reports To: Team Leader Effective Date: 10-22-01

Location: All Pay Type:  Hourly  Salaried  Non-Exempt  Exempt

Schedule:  Full time  Part time

I. Purpose: What is the overall purpose and objective of this position, why does it exist?

This position functions as a senior member of a RAI client services team, with the purpose of facilitating the completion of assigned projects and tasks by providing leadership, direction, training and mentoring to junior staff within the team organization, and coordination and cooperation with the client and other teams & personnel within the firm. The objective of this position is to deliver construction plans that a) clearly convey to the client and his contractors the implementation of the land plan, b) meet the requirements of our agreement as to type and quality of services and timeliness of completion, c) meet the approval of local, state and federal governing authorities and d) meet company goals of team and firm profitability.

II. Essential Duties: What would someone have to be able to do to achieve the desired results of this job?
Plan, organize and lead the daily engineering activities of assigned staff in the accomplishment of client project tasks. Identify and manage priorities of assigned staff to meet client, team and corporate goals. May function in a lead position with respect to actual accomplishment of tasks and/or may function as technical consultant to other team members.
Function as a contact point for the client concerning the engineering aspects of his/her project, including conflict resolution, with RAI. Facilitate good communications among the client, all RAI departments and team groups and applicable governing bodies.
With the Team Leader, attend and participate in initial client meetings regarding new project proposals as well as new project kickoffs to ensure a clear understanding of the complete project in order to be able to effectively contribute to the preparation of proposals and facilitate the proper completion of assigned tasks.
Assist Team Leader in preparing proposals for clients including a clear and complete scope of work, pricing, time schedule and resource requirements (both RAI and subconsultants).
Review and approve a) the technical approach to project tasks and b) intermediate & finished work product to ensure that they meet objectives of client while adhering to local, state and federal laws. Also assure compliance with company quality assurance/control standards.
Review the research and data necessary for the design of the project., such as zoning conditions, latest design standards, existing utility information, environmental issues, topo, etc.
Coordinate with applicable government agencies and attend meetings as appropriate to assure that client projects comply with agency regulations and are approved by them.
Ensure that additional work requested by the client that is outside the scope of the original contract is identified, and that change orders are issued and approved by the client before this additional work is done.
Perform initial QA/QC and final review of the design documents if engineer of record.
Page 2 of 3

Position Description Senior Engineer III
In cooperation with the Team Leader, assure that all internal paperwork such as project proposals, contracts, budget reviews, time card reviews & submittals and invoicing follow established company policy, procedures and standards, and are accomplished in a timely and efficient manner. Assist Team Leader in reviewing and approving field and office timecards daily to ensure correct allocation of time to projects or overhead accounts.
Supervise and lead assigned staff in accomplishing their essential duties related to client and government agency communication & relationships and RAI internal paperwork.
Participate in the establishment and implementation of staff training & professional development programs, and lead in affecting daily technical and administrative on-the-job skills training of assigned staff. Function as a mentor to assigned staff.
Ensure that staff is aware of and abides by all appropriate safety and loss prevention guidelines and policies.
As directed by the Team Leader, participate in the routine and special evaluations of staff work. Participate in performance reviews; hiring, promotion, discipline and termination decisions and other appropriate Human Resource functions affecting assigned staff.
Participate in the marketing efforts of the firm by ensuring that, in the course of conducting normal project tasks, clients are made aware of all the related services that the firm offers.
Be alert to information about potential upcoming projects that might require RAI services, and alert appropriate firm personnel to pursue.
May function as a Project Engineer when one is absent or when the team is too small to support a separate Project Engineer function.
React to change productively and handle other essential tasks as assigned.
III. General Description: Describe this job as you would to someone who has never done it.

This senior level client services position functions as a part of a client services team, and is responsible for organizing, leading and managing a staff of junior level technical personnel in the production of construction plans that can be used by clients and their contractors for the development and construction of projects. This includes participating in a) initial meetings and proposals, b) accomplishment of project tasks, c) coordination and communication with clients, d) coordination with applicable government agencies and sub contractors, e) interim and final QA/QC reviews and f) successful delivery of the final product to the client. This position coordinates the production and delivery of RAI services with other team members, clients and their subcontractors on all assigned projects. Position also involves a) management and skills & professional development of assigned staff, b) participation in the firms marketing efforts and c) upholding the firm’s standards of technical practice, policies and philosophies.

IV. Experience & Education

A. Work experience (including length of time), training, and/or level of education necessary for this position.
BS degree in related technical field required. Level of proficiency usually associated with 10 or more years engineering design experience in the land development field including a minimum of
4 years project management experience. Requires Professional Engineer registration in the state of Georgia and proven ability to handle all aspects of project management.

B. Required technical skills (typing, computer skills, etc.):
Requires a working knowledge of CAD design software so that competency in working with and managing the use of the current RAI design software may be achieved within three months.
Familiarity with word processing, spreadsheet and project management software so that competency in using MS Outlook, Word, Excel and Project desktop software may be achieved quickly.

Page 3 of 3

Position Description Senior Engineer III

C. Special training and/or abilities necessary to qualify for this position.
Good verbal and written communications skills required. Familiarity with applying financial data to project management; thinking and planning strategically; the building, organization and leadership of teams and an understanding of project management skills is highly desirable.
Must be able to make project presentations before government agencies.

V. Working Conditions & Physical Demands: Particular working conditions and/or physical demands associated with this position that should be noted (i.e., working environment, hours of work, travel, work space, walking, lifting, etc.).

Work hours are normally early morning to late afternoon (7:30 AM to 6:00 PM, for example) Monday through Friday but may vary depending on weather, client needs, company priorities and workload or other considerations. Some evening and/or Saturday work may be required. Occasional evening meetings with government agencies may be required. Position is mostly office work at a computer terminal with occasional visits to job sites to observe work and conditions. This may involve walking through difficult terrain in all types of weather conditions. Some overnight travel may be required.
Firm maintains a smoke-free office environment.

VI. Special Considerations

A. How closely supervised is this position?  Closely,  Moderately,  Minimally
Position requires someone who is self-motivated who can work with minimal supervision from the Team Leader while accomplishing the essential duties of this position.

B. Does this position have supervisory responsibility (i.e., responsible for hiring, firing, performance appraisals, etc.)?  Yes,  No.
Usually directs and supervises the work of one or more technical personnel. Shares in directing and supervising the work of an administrative assistant. Makes recommendations concerning hiring, promotion, discipline, termination and performance appraisals relating to those under his/her supervision.

C. Does this position have access to confidential information?  Yes,  No

May have knowledge of clients’ confidential business plans. Prepares and reviews proposals and invoices containing confidential information.

D. Does this position have access to or handle company funds?  Yes,  No

May handle client payments to the firm and may be assigned a company credit card. Must use mature judgement and follow established company policy and procedures in such matters.

VII. General Notes or Comments

A Senior Engineer is expected to demonstrate an “ownership mentality” with respect to the operations of his/her team as a part of the overall company. Although successful operation of the team is of high importance, equally important is the cooperation among all company personnel toward achieving overall client satisfaction and corporate goals. All supervisors of the firm need to be able to adopt a style of management that includes leading by serving. A Senior Engineer must understand and actively support all of these concepts.

The firm has adopted a Purpose Statement and a Statement of Core Values. All employees, especially managers and supervisors, must understand, accept and apply these statements as guiding principles in the daily conduct of their business.

There are some fundamentals that we need for all employees to grasp as an essential part of being a successful member of the Rochester & Associates, Inc. team:
You are needed at your job every day and you need to be on time.
You should dress appropriately for the job you will be performing. This includes dressing for safety where applicable.
The desire and motivation to improve and grow needs to come from within you.
If the company does not make a profit, its ceases to exist along with all the jobs there.
Stretch, don’t be afraid to try new things. Ask for help as soon as you need it.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: Up to $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
We follow CDC / DPH Guidelines as it related to COVID-19

Ability to Commute/Relocate:
Gainesville, GA 30501 (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:
AutoCAD / Civil 3D: 2 years (Preferred)
Civil Site Engineering / Project Management: 5 years (Preferred)
Language:
English (Required)
License/Certification:
Professional Engineer License (Preferred)
Shift Availability:
Day Shift (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",4.1,"Rochester
4.1","Gainesville, GA",-1,10000+ Employees,1850,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
201,Data Analyst - Online Education,"$32k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
202,Database Engineer,"$66k-$151k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Next Century Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of CACI is looking for a Database Engineer to join our team in Annapolis Junction, MD!

Duties and Responsibilities
•Design, develop and analyze complex hardware systems such as network devices, storage devices, and various processors
•Organize hardware installations at multiple sites
•Create installations schedules and site surveys
•Prepare hardware analyses and field-testing reports
•Test and document hardware progress and timelines
•Generate site installations and reports
•Identify hardware problems and provide solutions
•Train site personnel in hardware usage
•Propose hardware specifications
•Collaborate with System Engineers in building simulations of proposed systems

If you meet the following requirements, we encourage you to apply:
•TS//SCI with a polygraph clearance required
•At least fourteen (14) years experience as a Hardware Engineer
•A bachelor's degree in a technical discipline from an accredited college or university is required or at least an additional five (5) years experience in hardware engineering

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

NSIS.ENG

Job Location

US-Annapolis Junction-MD-BALTIMORE

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",4.9,"Next Century
4.9","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
203,BT-1892 System Safety Engineer Specialist I,"$59k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:

Provide in-line System Safety Engineering Support to the Exploration Potable Water Dispenser (ePWD) Project at Marshall Spaceflight Center during the design, development, test, evaluation, and operations Phases of the design lifecycle.
Develop and present the results of System Safety Engineering analyses and other related Safety and Mission Assurance (SMA) documentation to the MSFC Safety and Mission Assurance (SMA) Management during major Program milestone reviews, Safety Reviews, and other technical and SMA reviews in support of Certificate of Flight Readiness (CoFR) processes.
Perform hazard analyses for in-house design and development projects, to assure that: (a) all hazards are identified and the associated risks properly characterized; (b) hazard controls satisfy safety requirements and mitigate safety risks; (c) safety verification requirements are clearly identified, including the clear definition of verification pass/fail criteria; and (d) the safety verification status is maintained in a closed loop accounting system.
Make formal presentations of system safety analyses results to the NASA safety authority (International Space Station Safety Review Panel) for review and approval.
Prepare and assess Safety Plans for in-house design, development, and operational projects to assure compliance with applicable Agency, Center and Program safety requirements.
Assess and contribute to the development of Project Plans to assure that safety is properly considered.
Perform and assess trade studies relative to design, development, operation, or mission events for assigned in-house and contracted projects, to assure compliance with safety requirements and to assure safety risks are identified, characterized, and mitigated.
Assess program or project documentation (e.g., Contractor PWS, Data Requirements Documents, System Requirements Document, Contract End Item, Requirements Verification Compliance procedures) to assure that all safety requirements are addressed in compliance with Government requirements.
Assess and support development of program or project verification plans and verification requirements (e.g., Verification Plans, Requirements Verification Compliance (RVC) documents) to assure all safety verification requirements are properly included. Assess or generate safety verification compliance data to assure it clearly demonstrates compliance with the safety verification requirements and parent safety requirement.
Assess test and operating procedures to assure compliance with safety controls and safety verification requirements.
Assess proposed changes, deviations, and waivers to program and project documentation to assure compliance with safety requirements. This assessment includes evaluation of the impacts to safety and hazard analyses and the effects on program or project risk.
Evaluate and provide recommendations for acceptance of Non-compliance Reports, and Requests for Waiver/Deviations.
Track to closure all Safety Data Package (SDP) review comments, Safety Review Action Items and Agreements.
Track and/or monitor the implementation and validation of hazard controls in accordance with approved hazard reports and verification plans.
Develop and present status reports to upper management during various program management reviews such as Certificate of Flight Readiness Review (COFR), Stage Operations Readiness Review (SORR), and Flight Readiness Review (FRR).

Required Skills:

B. S. in Engineering or relevant field required
10 Years of Experience
Must be a US citizen
Must be able to pass a national agency check
Must be able to pass pre-employment and periodic random drug and alcohol screenings.
Basic knowledge and experience in the use of personal computer with typical business software
Strong organizational skills.
Able to work in a matrix oriented organization with minimum to no supervision.
Skilled in working with both contractor and NASA senior level engineering and Program/Project Managers in a professional manner and able to communicate complex safety and engineering issues in an understandable and diplomatic manner.
Ability to develop fault tree analysis, logic trees, risk definition and mitigation analyses, hazard analysis and trending and data searches.

Other Desired Skills:

Prior experience with National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Safety and Mission Assurance (SMA) processes and procedures is highly desired.
Experience with Computer Aided Fault Tree Analysis (CAFTA) Software highly desired.
Position requires a competent communicator (verbal and written) with ability to work harmoniously and effective with co-workers, Bastion Management and all levels of customer personnel. Required to be regular in attendance (per agreed to work hours schedule), consistently punctual and be relied upon to successfully complete all assignments.

Bastion participates in the e-Verify and EEO",4.1,"Bastion Technologies
4.1","Huntsville, AL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1998,Company - Private,"Health, Beauty, & Fitness",Consumer Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
204,Sr. Data Scientist - Model Governance,"$101k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","General Summary:

The position plays a critical role in the oversight of predictive analytics and robust modeling at Elevate. The Sr. Data Scientist, Model Governance provides effective challenge, review, oversight, guidance, and ongoing monitoring for all models used within our Account Origination (Fraud, Risk and Response) and Account Management functions.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Review models and provide effective challenge and feedback to the developers to action change.
Manage a model review/validation program aligned to OCC 2011-12 / SR 11-7 guidelines.
Perform model stability monitoring to ensure ongoing performance for business applications.
Deliver model variable stability and performance reviews on determined cadence.
Write clear and detailed model documentation coordinating efforts with the model developers.
Work with other members of the Governance team to ensure all documentation is saved in the official repository and meets internal Credit Policy standards for all new and existing models.
Utilize advanced statistical software to validate linear/non-linear, parametric/non-parametric based predictive modeling/data mining analytic methodologies.
Creation of associated decks for presentation to executive management.
Present findings and make recommendations to Model and Risk Governance teams.
Act as liaison between partner banks / third party validators and Elevate.
Complete all other projects as assigned.
Experience and Education:
Minimum M.S./M.A. in a highly quantitative field (Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or other quantitatively-oriented degree) or experience in a process related Senior Analyst role in an analytical capacity.
Strong quantitative /statistical modeling capabilities, including with 5+ years of experience in credit scoring and model development preferred.
3+ years’ experience in Risk Management or Model Governance functions including knowledge of OCC / FDIC regulations for model documentation.
3+ years’ experience within the consumer lending environment.
Strong SAS, R, and SQL skills preferred, with ability to conduct extensive data research required. Candidates with experience with other software such as Python, SPSS, MATLAB may also be considered.
Demonstrated experience working with large complex data sources.
Strong PowerPoint presentation skills a plus.
Required Skills and Abilities:
Ability to work in fast-paced environment with ever-changing demands.
Ability to manage multiple projects at one time, possibly including overseeing others projects.
Strong communication skills. Must be able to clearly communicate in speech and writing with Risk Management peers, Marketing, Operations, Collections, Finance, C-level Executives, CEO, and BOD.",3.6,"Elevate Credit
3.6","Fort Worth, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
205,Cloud Engineer/DevSecOps Operations Engineer/Software Developer (MSCC),-1,"Cloud Engineer/DevSecOps Operations Engineer/Software Developer (MSCC)


DSoft Technology is seeking Cloud Engineer with DevSecOps, and Agile experience to join our team. This role will be responsible for supporting the Continuous Integration and Continuous Development pipeline and maintaining a cloud native system with regards to networks, databases, automation, hardware and software configurations and specifications. Additionally, this role will perform a variety of tasks to install, update, or modify software systems, containerize modern and legacy software systems, leverage AWS Cloud technologies, and ensure the system meets our customers needs. This candidate will also be required to assist in the development of the application. The candidate should have some Cloud Administration experience and familiar with AWS Services.

LOCATION:
Colorado Springs, CO
REQUIREMENTS:
Secret Clearance desired but will accept US Citizen with the ability to obtain Government Clearance

MORE DETAILS

JOB DESCRIPTION


Job Type
Full Time (immediate)
Salary Range
Commensurate with experience and knowledge
General Experience, Education and Years of Experience
Minimum of 5-7 years of experience
Experience with AWS Cloud Technologies
Experience with Linux and Software Containers
Experience with CI/CD pipeline
Experience with the development of applications
Degree in Computer Science or Information Systems
Responsibilities
Design, deploy, and monitor cloud native systems in the AWS GovCloud environment
Develop and maintain automation scripts and network configurations leveraging AWS technologies
Containerization of software components using Docker
Develop and execute software tests for reliability and availability
Develop internal and external REST based APIs
Design and implement data solutions using AWS Cloud technologies
Work with the development, systems engineering, test, and customer teams
Create and maintain technical documentation of the cloud native system
Perform company responsibilities in accordance with security policies and procedures
Review software performance and analyze system behavior
Develop an infrastructure to dynamically scale software services
Work with software and system engineers to improve the cloud native system
Other technical duties assigned as problems and issues arise
Implement and secure software systems to meet evolving security requirements
Identify and fix system bottlenecks in the AWS GovCloud
Qualifications
Experience in AWS networking technologies such as VPCs, Gateways, NATs, ACLs, Security Groups, and Route Tables
Experience with the development of infrastructure as code technologies such as Cloud Formations and Terraform
Experience with the development of software to support the CI/CI pipeline using scripting languages
Experience with the development of software that utilizes containerization technologies such as Docker, Amazon ECS, Kubernetes, and OpenShift
Experience with DevSecOps tools such as Jenkins, GitLab, SonarQube, OWASP ZAP, and Fortify
Experience in deploying applications in a Linux Cloud environment
Experience with Linux
Experience with Scrum Methodologies
Strong Experience with troubleshooting technical issues
Experience with RedHat, Bash, Java, MySQL, Git, and Angular
Experience with Agile software development
Nice to Have
Security+ Certification
AWS Certifications
Strong software skills in Java, Python",4.4,"DSoft Technology
4.4","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1998,Contract,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
206,Software Engineer,-1,"Software Engineer*
The Software Engineer is a key team member within the software development team.

We’re not looking for just anyone, but a special individual with unique superpowers that can hit the ground at a full sprint. The candidate will work as a software engineer and integrator performing on new development projects as well as break/fix software modifications and tier 3 DevOps as part of a development team. If you believe you have what it takes to drive client success and satisfaction at All Point, contribute to a high-energy team focused on driving growth, and fundamentally disrupt the established retail market, we’d like to hear from you.

This position reports to the Development Manager.
Software Engineer Skills*
5+ years of software development experience
Excellent development skills with Java or another JVM language
Experience using relational and/or non-relational databases (mySQL and MSSQL Server)
Experience designing, implementing, and testing RESTful APIs
Familiarity with modern frameworks for building high-throughout, resilient micro services (Kubernetes)
Understanding of methodologies such as TDD, BDD, and some experience with tools and frameworks for automated testing.
Some familiarity with distributed design patterns, high-volume data stores, and horizontal scaling techniques
Desire and ability to tackle problems both at the large scale (think hundred-node clusters) and the small scale (think individual atomic locks)
Background working on highly-available, high-transaction volume, fault-tolerant systems
Skill with programming languages/technologies/frameworks such as node.js, Javascript, React.js, JSON and XML based APIs
Familiarity with Spring Framework, Spring Cloud, vert.x, node.js
Strong foundation in developing cloud-based solutions using platforms such as Azure or Amazon AWS
Familiarity with Retail POS, CRM, Sales Audit, Stock Audit, ERP systems a plus
Willingness to dig-in and understand business process as it relates to IT and Retail systems
Ability to leverage creative thinking and problem-solving skills an absolute must.
Software Engineer Qualifications*
Strategic thinking skills
Strong time management skills
Strong written and oral language skills
Excellent attention to detail
Bachelor's Degree or five (5+) years relevant experience as a software engineer
Possess a proven ability to troubleshoot complex problems and provide solutions
Excellent oral and written communication skills and ability to effectively interact with team members, senior management, vendors, consultants and internal/external customers.
Flexible and adaptable to change
Highly self-motivated and directed.
Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities. Detail oriented.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Location:
Sarasota, FL 34232 (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
Yes: H-1B work authorization
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
Open to applicants who do not have a college diploma
Company's website:
www.allpointpos.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,All Point POS,"Sarasota, FL",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
207,Software Development Engineer,"$52k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a talented Engineer to join our highly visible IoT team. We are an innovative, passionate and fun-loving team working in a start-up environment in areas which have direct impact on our companys success. You will join our small team influencing our global technology roadmap and get to work on multiple technologies related to IoT.

WHY WORK FOR FLUIDRA?

We are a leader in the global pool industry. Our portfolio includes some of the most trusted brands; we offer our customers an expansive array of products across both the residential and commercial pool and wellness markets; and we have strong geographical footprint with operations in over 45 countries. With our recent merger with Zodiac, we now have over 5,500 employees and the combined resources to accelerate innovation in critical areas like energy-efficiency, robotics and the Internet of Things.

We are guided by clear values and come to work every day with a simple and direct mission in mind: To create the perfect pool and wellness experience. By staying focused on this mission, we will create value for all our stakeholderscustomers, pool owners, investors and employees.

We own a portfolio of some of the industrys most recognized and trusted brands, including Jandy®, AstralPool®, Polaris®, Cepex®, Zodiac®, CTX Professional® and Gre®.

WHAT YOU WILL CONTRIBUTE
Design and development of IoT solutions in the cloud primarily for backend cloud platform
Work closely with peers, architects, development managers to translate system architecture and
requirements into performant software
Stay in step with a dynamic environment, own your units of work to completion.
Participate in Agile development, daily scrum and sprints.
Be a supportive team member; your work in turn helps other teams succeed too.
Develop new features, unit testing and system tests automation
Design and develop API for internal and external consumption


WHAT WE SEEK
Must have strong development background. Familiar with good programming practices, SDLC practices.
Good understanding of computer science fundamentals. Algorithms, data structures.
3+ years programming language experience in any of: Typescipt, JavaScript/NodeJS, Java.
1+ years programming scalable serverless architecture. Ability to debug in a serverless environment.
Programming/querying NoSQL databases, Relational Database Management Systems and SQL.
IoT experience is a plus.
RUBY/PERL programming is a plus.
Alexa skills/Google Actions programming are a plus.
EDUCATION
Computer/Electrical Engineering or Computer Science BS Degree
WHAT WE OFFER

An exciting opportunity to dive in and begin your career with a company that offers a competitive total rewards package that includes:

Alternate work week schedule (EVERY OTHER FRIDAY OFF!)

Full range of health benefits including medical, dental & vision, short & long-term disability

401(K) matching (100% of first 3% contributed, 50% of the next 2%)

Health and wellness programs / gym reimbursement

Educational assistance up to $7,000 per year

On-site self-service café / free gourmet coffee stations

Company sponsored FUN events!

On-site gym, ping-pong, foosball, outdoor bocce ball court, BBQ & firepit

Generous product discounts

In the pursuit of product excellence, Fluidra takes its corporate values to heart. We implement these guiding principles in everything we do: passion for success, honesty & trust, customer collaboration, team work, learn and adapt, excellence and Innovation.

For a deeper dive in to our corporate culture, click here.",4.2,"Fluidra North America
4.2","Carlsbad, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1969,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
208,"Senior Software Engineer, EvalML","$74k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx

Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company?

At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way. We want Alteryx to be recognized as much for our dynamic work culture as for our products.

About Alteryx Innovation Labs

The Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve dynamic problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we’re looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.

Position Overview

As a Senior Software Engineer on the AutoML team, you’ll be directly responsible for building a core machine learning library which powers Alteryx’s current and future products. You should be comfortable with the challenges of engineering systems for machine learning technologies, adept at software design and implementation, and readily able to solve complex challenges with mathematical dependencies.

Responsibilities
Maintain and improve the quality and performance of the AutomML package
Design, build and validate new machine learning pipelines
Author new features, from conception and design to implementation and testing
Integrate AutoML with other products and services
Promote a culture of rigorous software development practice and high quality standards
Be part of a dynamic, friendly and ambitious team with technical influence throughout Alteryx and beyond
***The company will not provide sponsorship for work visas or other employment authorization for this position***

Required Qualifications
Minimum 3 years experience as a software engineer
Experience writing production-quality code in Python
Experience with a broad variety of machine learning algorithms
Understanding of the math which powers machine learning and data analysis in general
Experience with data-related Python tools like NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, and Dask
Experience with debugging complex software issues and mathematical systems
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with AutoML algorithms and products
Experience with performance testing machine learning systems
Experience with API design
Experience building systems for distributed computation
Benefits & Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
209,Data Engineer,-1,"At YETI, we believe that time spent outdoors matters more than ever and our gear can make that time extraordinary. When you work here, you'll have the opportunity to create exceptional, meaningful work and problem solve with innovative team members by your side. Together, you'll help our customers get the high-quality gear they need to make the most of their adventures. We are BUILT FOR THE WILD™.

The Data Engineer will be part of a team that designs and develops YETI's enterprise Data Warehouse and Analytic systems. This position offers an extremely rare and unique opportunity to join a highly profitable, fast-growing business.

Our needs are diverse and its certain that we will build and deploy software on various platforms including but not limited to Google Big Query and Tableau. While this position specifically seeks a Senior Developer, who will focus on implementing solutions in Google Cloud Environment, Google Dataflow, and Composer (Airflow), we strongly prefer candidates with a diversity of experience capable of working across more than one area.

This role requires a blend of skills typically found in the specialized roles of Business Analyst, Data Modeler, Data Analyst, and Cloud Administration. Additionally, an understanding of dynamic environments, agile development, and how to balance the need to maintain operations versus the need to build things the right way is an absolute must.

Responsibilities:
Work with business customers and data analysts to define detailed requirements from broader business challenges.
Translate those requirements to logical and physical models that satisfy analytical needs.
Perform data profiling and analysis to assess data quality patterns, recommend data cleansing rules, conforming data standard rules and matching algorithms.
Own the system architecture and infrastructure of our Google Could Data warehouse and other related GCP services.
Assist ETL and BI developers with complex query tuning and schema refinement.


Qualifications and Attributes:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline
4+ years experience in the development of data warehouse, decision support, or executive information systems.
Expert in writing, analyzing and tuning complex SQL queries
Extensive experience with Python programming
Hands-on experience in any Cloud environment preferably GCP
Good understanding of Object-Oriented programming
Must have a good understanding of Dimensional Modeling and ER-Modeling.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Airflow, Dataflow, etc.
Willing to work with new tools and learn new programming languages
Strong problem-solving ability and a positive attitude.
YETI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

#LI-CL1",4.0,"YETI Coolers
4.0",United States,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
210,Senior Electrical Engineer,"Employer Provided Salary:
$80k-$135k","Senior Electrical Engineer
Opportunity
An opportunity with Fulcrum is to challenge the upper limits of what is possible with the best of the best. We support the elite warfighter with advanced weapon systems integration and intelligence gathering tools. Does integration of FLIR sensors, monitors, data bus systems, aircraft survivability equipment, weapons, and other out of the box integrations interest you? Then join our team of exceptional engineers, with decades of experience at major OEMs creating state of the art products. We bring our experience to the Special Operations community without the cumbersome bureaucracy of large corporate America. We move fast with no margin for failure. To be successful you must be a self-starter and highly motivated with an exceptional work ethic. In addition, you must possess superior attention to detail and be a quick learner. Fulcrum is comprised of individuals with exceptional character, integrity, and leadership attributes; we are looking for candidates with the same attributes. If you want a fast-paced, create super cool products type environment, then apply now.
Job Responsibilities
Perform technical planning associated with the design and development of electrical and electronic systems
Interpret electrical Interface Control Documentation to assist with system integration, verification, and validation
Provide test support, cost and risk analyses, and supportability and effectiveness analyses for total systems
Perform electrical loads testing and analysis, circuit design and test, design power protection and safety interlock features, trade studies, electrical system requirement allocations and electrical interface definition studies to translate customer requirements into electrical hardware and software specifications
Work with existing aircraft AC and DC power sources and convert into useful power for programs by the most efficient and safe means
Support program proposals with cost and schedule estimates
Support interface with customers, program personnel including management, integration and test, and system design engineers, and systems architects
Assist in clarification and interpretation of installation and harness fabrication drawings
Position requires the desire and ability to work in a fast-paced, fluid environment and adapt to frequently changing needs of programs and customers
Create electrical technical data to include drawings, electrical loads reports, test plans, and system safety analysis.
Knowledge and Experience
Knowledge/familiarity with MIL-STD-704/461, SAE AS50881, AC 43.13-1B/2A, IPC-/WHMA-A-620, FAA CERTIFICATIONS (i.e. 337 and 8110), FAR handbooks, and 14 CFR Parts 23, 25, 27, and 29
Experience with aircraft harness design, manufacturing, and routing
Experience with aerospace\mil-spec connectors, wire and cable specifications (M22759, M27500), accessories and parts suppliers\vendors
Experience utilizing industry-specific software packages (i.e. SolidWorks Electrical, Zuken E3 Wireworks, and/or AutoCAD LT) to create electrical system installation, wire routing, and harness schematic designs and drawings
Knowledge of aircraft avionics, electrical power, and RF communications
Knowledge of grounding and bonding techniques on metal and composite airframes
Military experience in an electrical/avionics school considered a plus
Must be able to read, speak, and write English
Must be able to obtain and maintain a SECRET security clearance, if required
Physical Requirements
Ability to lift and carry up to 50lbs
Ability to work safely in and around aircraft
Ability to work with small components and tools in confined spaces
Ability to work for extended periods at a computer workstation
Ability to travel domestically and overseas if needed
Education
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from an ABET-accredited college
Four to ten (4-10) years of professional experience in aircraft electrical engineering with the B.S. Three to seven (3-7) years with an M.S. degree.
FAA Airframe and Powerplant Mechanic certificate considered a plus
Benefits include:
401(k) Safe Harbor Savings Plan
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Plans
Short and Long Term and Disability
Vacation and Sick Leave Packages
12 Paid Holidays each year
9/80 Work Schedule
The assigned personnel are responsible for the listed duties and responsibilities plus any other direction and responsibilities assigned by the Managing Members.
Fulcrum Concepts, LLC is a service-disabled, veteran-owned, small business that provides innovative services and products to solve requirements for its customers. Fulcrum Concepts, LLC specializes in solutions for tactical aviation organizations and is structured to provide comprehensive solutions that begin with an initial requirement and end with fielded products. At Fulcrum Concepts, the unique combination of operational experience and a robust aerospace engineering capability enables the company to provide elegant, lightweight, enduring solutions for its customers.
Fulcrum Concepts, LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Fulcrum Concepts, LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.",-1,Fulcrum Concepts,"Mattaponi, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
211,Core Cloud Data Engineer,-1,"Cloudreach is the leading multi-cloud services provider. Our mission is to help companies navigate their unique journeys to the cloud and build new foundations for future growth. We're a team of multi-cloud natives with certifications across AWS, GCP and Azure. Businesses that work with Cloudreach adopt cutting-edge technologies to solve challenges and create new opportunities. Working exclusively on public cloud, we deliver unrivaled value for more than 1000 enterprise clients globally.

Behind our services are our Cloudreachers.

We pride ourselves on being the go-to destination for curious, talented, and driven people looking for unique work experiences to maximize their potential. We are passionate about asking questions, finding solutions, playing with the latest tools & technology, doing our lives' work, and having fun along the way. You can learn more about our innovative culture, global workforce, and Cloudy Values on our website.

We're not content with the status quo. We're here to do things better, and then do better things.

What team will you be on?

Joining the Data and Analytics team (DnA), you are part of the broader Cloud Professional Services team. You will form the core of Cloudreach's Data Engineering capability. We currently help customers of all shapes and sizes in their public Cloud Adoption journey, alongside infrastructure as code, DevOps automation and Operational governance experts.

What will your role be?

The purpose of a Cloud Data Engineer is to enable data scientists and analysts to gain insights into data by architecting and implementing data-driven cloud based solutions. At Cloudreach, they will be subject matter experts and will be responsible for the technical leadership for data ingestion and processing engagements. A good understanding of cloud platforms and prior experience working with big data tooling and frameworks is required.
Build technical solutions required for optimal ingestion, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using open source, AWS, Azure or GCP 'big data' frameworks and services.
Work with the product and software team to provide feedback surrounding data-related technical issues and support for data infrastructure needs uncovered during customer engagements / testing.
Understand and formulate processing pipelines of large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Working alongside the Cloud Architect and Cloud Enablement Manager to implement Data Engineering solutions
Collaborating with the customer's data scientists and data stewards/governors during workshop sessions to uncover more detailed business requirements related to data engineering
What are we looking for?
Has experience successfully implementing simple enterprise solutions using a vast range of data engineering technologies. Has experience deploying and using the services in a major cloud platform
Delivers - Significant code contributions to more complex components of ETL pipelines
Writes test, test cases, and code documentation with a high level of detail. Skill mastery in a few areas
Coding - Pushes back bad code and employs ETL best practices
Experience with object-oriented and/or functional programming languages, such as Python, Java and Scala
Experience with Machine Learning toolkits
Experience in building scalable end-to-end data ingestion and processing solutions
Good understanding of data infrastructure and distributed computing principles
Proficient at implementing data processing workflows using Hadoop and frameworks such as Spark and Flink
Good understanding of data governance and how regulations can impact data storage and processing solutions such as GDPR and PCI
Ability to identify and select the right tools for a given problem, such as knowing when to use a relational or non-relational database
Working knowledge of non-relational and row/columnar based relational databases
Stakeholder Management - Has guided & influenced customer stakeholders. Manages customer expectations on project deliverables. Aware of the customers political landscape beyond the technology. Clarifies and communicates internally customer objectives.
What are our perks?
Meaningful and impactful work opportunities at a pioneering, cutting edge cloud services provider
People-first mentality. We know that you and your mental health & wellbeing are #1. That's why we give you an uncapped holiday allowance (+ your birthday off!), employee assistance programs, and resources to support your mental health & wellbeing.
We embrace technologies that unlock agile & flexible ways of working. We respect our people to do their work when and how they work best. Work-life blend is a priority!
Our dynamic work environment enables autonomy while also promoting a sense of belonging to a global community
Opportunity for growth & development. Not only will you work alongside and learn from industry thought leaders, you will also be reimbursed for function-based certifications. We're multi-cloud and proud!
An inclusive workplace where varying backgrounds, ideas, and points of view are celebrated and the individual is respected, included and empowered to bring their whole self to work
Transparency in business updates & communications. Whether you're on the senior leadership team or a brand new employee, you're an integral part of the team and we'll make sure you know what's up
Recognition-rich company culture where daily wins are celebrated and individuals living out our values are applauded
We strive to remove barriers, eliminate discrimination and ensure equal opportunity through our transparent recruitment process. We are open to all groups of people without regard to age, disability, marital status, gender identity, race, colour, sexual orientation, religion, military status, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic.",3.4,"Cloudreach
3.4",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
212,Client Solutions Engineer,-1,"Role Description - Client Solutions Engineer *
BlueCats US, LLC - Austin, TX office

BlueCats are the designers, owners, and providers of the leading IoT and Real Time Location System (RTLS) platform.

We specialize in, and have pioneered solutions based upon GPS, Bluetooth, Ultra WideBand and other modern RF technologies, from top to bottom. We design and produce hardware, write firmware, device management middleware, and a large suite of End-user Applications and APIs. Our team is full of curious, passionate, and constantly innovating thinkers. From design to code to implementation, our team ensures we provide the best solution for our customers, across innumerable industries around the world.

Are you interested in joining our innovative, fast-growing team? BlueCats is looking for a highly-motivated individual with strong communication skills, technical proficiency, and a diverse skill set in BlueCats’ Austin, Texas office.

The person in this position will assist the hardware engineering and software teams during the internal development and release schedule, thinking from the customer’s perspective so that features and workflow address feedback from the market. In addition, the person will assist the support team on all active deployments and will assist in reviewing technical reference material in order to support current products and prepare new products for go-to-market.

The role will require some travel to customer sites to deploy systems or train customers. Often these deployments come with previously unknown obstacles, and overcoming them will require ingenuity.

On-site work will involve engaging directly with customers, determining on-site demands, ensuring the system is functional, tested, and meets expectations. Installations may also include training the customer on basic system use. Possessing good communication skills will be essential.
As a team member you will: *
Learn and become proficient with BlueCats devices and software
Understand BlueCats core commercial values and goals
Work with technical and sales staff to clarify the specifics of an installation and execute accordingly
Use and create manuals, drawings, diagrams, and schematics
Communicate effectively with customers and BlueCats teams
Key Qualifications: *
Bachelor’s Degree in technical field
At least 5 years of experience with technical work
Strong written and verbal communication and organizational skills
Familiarity working with electronic hardware/software products
Proficiency with Windows and Linux software tools
Key Skills: *
Strong computer skills (advanced)
Intermediate programming skills: Matlab, C++ (or similar), embedded
Basic networking knowledge
Quick study of new software
Basic electrical engineering knowledge: Analog and Digital Circuits, Antennas, RF Propagation, Power Supplies
Basic mechanical skills: hand tools, product assembly
Minimal mechanical engineering knowledge: materials, production considerations, industrial safety requirements
Understanding of scientific method for data collection
Mathematics skills
Good communication skills: customer interaction (in-person, teleconference, email), presentation preparation, remote support, data presentation, de-complicate and explain complex systems
Adaptable to changing requirements
Punctuality and resilience
Patience and persistence
Positive attitude
Willing to dive in where and when needed
The position will be based in Austin, Texas. BlueCats offers a strong compensation package with a competitive salary and the best in the market comprehensive benefits which include *fully-paid, low **deductible* medical, dental, and vision coverage, options for life insurance and 401k participation, plus paid time off.

This is a full-time job, based and salary will be commensurate with experience and fit.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $45,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Our work can often be accomplished remotely, and we allow flexibility.

Experience:
Technical Project Management: 5 years (Preferred)
Work Location:
Multiple locations",-1,"BlueCats US, LLC","Austin, TX",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
213,Systems Integration Engineer,-1,"How does Silicon Valley with expenses paid for a year or 2 or 3 sound???* (see below)
The Systems Integration & Test (SI&T) organization integrates all aspects of system validation, test, and analysis from initial system architecture, design and development, through system validation. SI&T has overall responsibility for the system integration and test process, test facility management and capital planning, as well as off-site system and flight test conduct, analysis and test problem resolution.
The SI&T's Systems Integration, Test and Evaluation Department (SITE) provides system engineering, integration and test expertise to the Radar and missile defense systems programs within IDS. Opportunities currently exist for Systems Engineers to support the Strategic Missile Defense (SMD) Business Area in Woburn, MA. SMD is an integrated business team at Raytheons IDS that focuses on Radar technology. SMD supports Missile Defense Agency programs, provides advanced missile defense technologies that enable systems to see farther and guide interceptors to their targets with even greater precision.

This engineer will support the advanced Radar technology; including hardware and software, for strategic and tactical Radars used as critical components in air and missile defense and situational awareness. You will support various engineering activities that include test and systems validation, modeling and simulation, requirements analysis, data analysis, flight test analysis and overall systems integration. You will work with team member of the Radar Verification and Validation (V&V) effort in the development and performance of a V&V plan which compares simulation performance against the requirements established by the customer. Expect to plan and perform V&V assignments which include collaborating with others in determining method of verification, generating test plans and verification procedures, developing analysis tools in Matlab to perform the verification, and documenting results in a V&V report. You will work independently with general guidance provided by the task Lead on general objectives and details of unusual situations and /or requirements. You must be able to travel as required to support program requirement
The THAAD System Integration Laboratory (SIL), located in the Lockheed-Martin Space Systems facility in Sunnyvale, CA provides the primary venue for testing THAAD software in support of new software releases and key program events such as flight tests. Raytheon has directly supported the SIL for the last 16 years and is in need of an experienced system integration engineer. The SIL is a critical step in getting formal approval to field a weapon system build.

* TDOA restrictions apply for expense/perks eligibility*

Required Skills:
Minimum of 6 years of experience in an engineering role conducting analysis and system integration and testing in a lab environment
Experience with system V&V activities for medium to large scale systems using state-of-the-art technology
Ability to support hardware and software used as critical THAAD components in air and missile defense and situational awareness at the Lockheed-Martin Space Systems in Sunnyvale, CA.
Experience in performing various engineering activities that include test and validation of Software Builds, systems requirements analysis, data analysis, and overall Hardware-in-the-Loop (HWIL) systems installation, integration
Will travel as required to support program requirements.
Desired Skills:
Experience with software development in C++, Perl, Clearcase/Clearquest/TestRT
Familiarity with simulated target construction
Familiarity with SIL Radar support including Software Build installation, execution of Digisim, RCS mapping, and general maintenance
Radar data analysis, particularly for AN/TPY-2
Experience with THAAD Weapon System analysis, performance and function
Experience with HWIL integration and test
Experience developing Matlab tools for data analysis
Perform analysis of SIL runs and maintain the Radar Computer systems
Support system issue resolution of the THAAD components
Maintain the SIL infrastructure software
Master's degree in Engineering, Science, Mathematics or related technical discipline
Required Education (including Major):

Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Science, Mathematics or related technical discipline

167701

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Woburn, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
214,Senior Full Stack Engineer,-1,"PLEASE APPLY TO THE POSITION HERE: https://www.bluestaq.com/opportunities/software-engineer

Bluestaq starts with our people.
Are you ready for the best job you've ever had? At Bluestaq, we've rapidly built a culture around community, constant innovation, and customer commitment. Bluestaq is dedicated to cultivating a growth environment where our team feels valued, works with a sense of mission, is personally rewarded, and professionally challenged.
Bluestaq is an emerging technology company, founded in 2018 to streamline global operations using cutting-edge enterprise software and mission analytics. Bluestaq develops and transforms its enterprise systems and secures disparate data to solve our customers' most critical challenges. Today, Bluestaq primarily provides the U.S. Department of Defense and the nation's intelligence community with advanced software systems. Our name, Bluestaq, originates from ""blue"" a military term for friendly forces and ""staq"" referring to a software stack.
Bluestaq was recently recognized by the Colorado Technology Association as the 2019 Emerging Tech Company of the Year, named Colorado Springs Chamber of Commerce and EDC 2019 New Company of the Year, recognized as a 2019 Best Workplaces in Colorado Springs by the Colorado Springs Gazette, and acknowledged on three 2020 Built In Colorado’s Best Places to Work Lists:
#21 Best Places to Work in Colorado,
#5 Best Small Companies to Work for in Colorado,
#4 Best Paying Companies in Colorado.
Looking for an amazing quality of life? In 2019, Colorado Springs scored a “Perfect 10” for “desirability” by US News & World Report.
Why join Bluestaq in Colorado Springs?
Cost of living - below the national average
Lifestyle Amenities – coffee shops, craft breweries, boutiques, locally-owned restaurants
Nature – more than 100 parks and ample outdoor sporting opportunities
Weather – Colorado Springs boasts over 300 days of sunshine a year
Laidback atmosphere – an accessible alternative to the faced-paced Denver lifestyle
Bluestaq is located in the heart of Downtown Colorado Springs. Our street level, headquarters location aligns with the Bluestaq brand identity and company culture. Bluestaq believes the Downtown location embodies an innovative, dynamic, industrious, and collaborative brand identity. The flexibility of working in a dynamic community with access to food, entertainment, retail, and other businesses, and increasing cultural amenities allows our team to handle personal errands, exercise and unwind within walking and biking distance of our headquarters.
PLEASE APPLY TO THE POSITION HERE: https://www.bluestaq.com/opportunities/software-engineer

Who we’re looking for..
Bluestaq is looking for a self-starting, ambitious, results-oriented team member who is not afraid to question assumptions or learn a new skill or technology on the job to solve a problem. The right candidate has excellent written and oral skills with several years of experience developing Java-based enterprise system. Our full-stack engineers are familiar with many data storage solutions, their characteristics, benefits, and when to use them. In a Software Engineering position at Bluestaq, you will have the opportunity to collaborate with all levels from developers to government officials and operational analysts to design advanced software systems.
As a Bluestaq Full Stack Engineer, you will be designing and implementing enterprise software systems that empower our customers to optimize their data-driven cultures. Bluestaq is not locked into a technology stack. You’ll work with a wide variety of technologies, including JavaScript, Python, Postgres, Elasticsearch, Jenkins, Amazon Web Services, Mongo, Athena, and Hadoop. And we’re focused on doing - we keep meetings to a minimum.

PLEASE APPLY TO THE POSITION HERE: https://www.bluestaq.com/opportunities/software-engineer

Desired Qualifications
10+ years of Software Development experience.
Strong development skills in Java, with demonstrated architect-level experience.
History of implementing enterprise solutions with strict availability, concurrency, and low latency requirements.
Experience with Java build systems (Maven, Gradle)
Proficiency with scripting languages (Python, JavaScript, Typescript, Bash, etc.)
Knowledge of applied security concepts (authentication, authorization, protocols)
Strong understanding of both front-end and back-end technologies.
Comfortable with multi-threading, event-based software architectures, queue technologies (e.g., Kafka) and asynchronous event handling.
Significant hands-on experience and fluency in data storage solutions (RDS, Document stores, graph store, Hadoop) and an understanding of when to use them.
Familiarity with cloud-based concepts and the AWS component stack.
DoD Security+ or CISSP training certification
Education: BS in Computer Science, Mathematics, or EE, or relevant industry experience is required.

PLEASE APPLY TO THE POSITION HERE: https://www.bluestaq.com/opportunities/software-engineer

This position requires the ability to obtain a TS/SCI Clearance. To be eligible for a clearance, US Citizenship is required, and an employee must agree to participate in a background screen and credit check, provide their Social Security number and allow the investigating government entity to access their tax records. If the clearance process requires a polygraph or drug test, an employee must agree to participate in these required steps.
Bluestaq is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants regardless of age, gender, race and religion, disabilities, or protected veteran status.",5.0,"Bluestaq
5.0","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Unknown,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
215,Data Engineer,"$49k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About MasterControl:

MasterControl Inc. is a leading provider of cloud-based quality and compliance software for life sciences and other regulated industries. Our mission is the same as that of our customers to bring life-changing products to more people sooner. The MasterControl Platform helps organizations digitize, automate and connect quality and compliance processes across the regulated product development life cycle. Over 1,000 companies worldwide rely on MasterControl solutions to achieve new levels of operational excellence across product development, clinical trials, regulatory affairs, quality management, supply chain, manufacturing and postmarket surveillance. For more information, visitwww.mastercontrol.com.

Summary

At MasterControl we are building our next generation data platform that will leverage AI/ML techniques to help redefine how our customers bring lifesaving and lifechanging products to market. To enable this, we need your help building our data pipeline, DataMart and data lake.

You will be responsible for implementing the data life cycle consumption from the data source to the end model. By gathering requirements from Product, you will transform data in near real-time which will be consumable by AI model training, business intelligence analytic tools, and self-service platforms. You will need a strong emphasis on data modeling, as well as proficiency in data transformation. You will be responsible for integration into the CI/CD pipeline as well as unit and integration testing of all processes. You will need experience with structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data sources. You will need a bachelor's degree in a STEM related field, or equivalent experience. You will have some work experience with and a passion for Big Data.

Responsibilities
Pull data from all customer databases into S3 and put into a queryable format
Model the data for optimal performance (ETL, star-schema like, ORC, partitioning, etc ...)
Pull data from a real-time streaming architecture (Kafka) and do near-real-time aggregations andprojections of the data, storing the results in S3
Help automate the provisioning of AWS Lake Formations, EMR/Spark/S3 and other services in AWS
Analyze data to find patterns worthy to expose to the end-user
Help tie corporate data to customer data from an OLTP store
Help us discover ways to use Big Data technologies in a Machine Learning pipeline (discover, clean, label, train, test)
Other assigned duties
Preferred Skills
Scala/Python/SQL/Java
Apache Spark with EMR and/or other Big Data tools
Kafka Streams experience is big plus
Airflow experience is a plus
Big Data Mindset (Spark/Hive/Hadoop/HCatalog/Hudi). Understanding of the Big Data landscape.
Warehouse Architectures (Star Schema/Snowflake/Vaults/Lakes)
Familiarity with AWS and Cloud Formation or Terraform
Data Modelling
ETL Best Practices
Passionate about creatively solving business problems.
Effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
The ability to non-emotionally coach and mentor others.
The ability to not participate in 'techno-arrogant' conversation.
Meet multiple, challenging deadlines while communicating expectations clearly.
Physical Demands and Working Conditions
Must be able to work well with people.
Ability to operate a computer and work at a desk for extended periods of time.
Ability to communicate effectively in writing, in person, over the telephone and in e-mail.
Why Work Here?

#WhyWorkAnywhereElse

#ExceptionalTeamCulture

MasterControl is a place where Exceptional Teams come together to do their best work. Hiring Exceptional Teams, including the best talent in our industry, is a core value of ours. MasterControl employees are surrounded by intelligent, motivated individuals every day. We like to call it #TheBestTeamOnThePlanet.

We value every employee and their contribution to what makes MasterControl successful. We give right back to the employee through a generous benefits package, great flexibility, and continuous opportunities for advancement.

Not only do we hire Exceptional Teams, but we work hard to keep them here by developing and challenging their skillsets, encouraging professional development and growth, and offering a culture that can't be found elsewhere. Which is why we say - #WhyWorkAnywhereElse?

To put it simply, working at MasterControl is fun, challenging, and rewarding. From our Fitness Clubs to our awards programs, from our company parties to our competitive benefits, you can't really go wrong. MasterControl could be your next (and last) career move!

We are growing quickly and always looking for talented individuals to add to #TheBestTeamOnThePlanet!

Here are some of the benefits MasterControl employees enjoy:
Generous PTO package of three weeks, increasing after just three years of employment
Competitive compensation with annual merit increase reviews
100% medical premium coverage (yes, you read that right!)
Dental/Vision Plans
401k Plan
Employer Paid Life Insurance Policy ($50K)
Great Flexibility
Wellness Programs (every employee gets a Fitbit!)
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.7,"MasterControl
3.7","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
216,"Software Engineer, AI Experience Development","$49k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are

We started Clinc in 2015 with the mission to use the best advancements in academic research, science and technology to create a meaningful and tangible impact on the world. Since then, we have seen exponential growth delivering cutting-edge technology at global scale, and empowering people to lead more enjoyable lives with conversational AI. We are a passionate group of change-makers inspired by the world’s most difficult challenges and a gritty resolve to take them on. If you want to influence the future of AI and make our world a better place to live, join us.

What AI Experience Development team does

Clinc designs and builds conversational AI experience products for common use cases, and AI Experience Development (AIXD) is the team that leverages our own platform to deliver them. To create the conversational AI experiences, the team uses our platform as the “programming language” to craft conversational designs, curate data, train Machine Learning models and develop business logic.

There are two different roles in the AIXD team:
- Data Curation: masters the training data curation and conversation design.
- Software Engineer: designs and develops web application logic to fulfill business objectives leveraging the insights extracted from the ML models.
What you'll do as part of our team
Fulfill the software engineer role on the AIXD team.
Design and develop complex business logic for specific business use cases (e.g., providing spending advice, make credit card payments), and work closely with other team members to build conversational AI-enabled end-to-end user experiences.
Conduct design and code reviews.
Gain insights through project execution and drive technical initiatives and visions that contribute to the long-term success of the product and priorities of the team.
What you should bring to the table
BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of professional software engineering experience in one or more general purpose programming languages like Python on UNIX/Linux-based environments.
Excellent communication skills.
Able to thrive in a dynamic environment where goals and requirements may change frequently.
What will make you stand out from everyone else
Experience with API design and development using web application development frameworks such as Django, Tornado, and Node.js.
Experience with relational databases and Object-Relational Mapping (ORM).
Experience with event-driven programming paradigm.
Experience with Docker-based containerization and Docker orchestration software.
Experience with Natural Language Processing or Data Science.
Culture, Diversity and Inclusivity

Clinc has a proven commitment to diversity and inclusion. We strive to create a hiring environment in which all people feel they are equally respected and valued, irrespective of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, ethnicity, age, religion, citizenship or any other characteristic.",3.2,"Clinc
3.2","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
217,GoLang Engineer,-1,"Golang Engineer

This is a full-time role, remote

SpotOn is a fast-growing payments, marketing, and loyalty platform. We have built easy-to-use tools for businesses to increase revenue and connect them with their customers using rewards, deals, online reviews, and data analytics. Tools like these were previously only available to big businesses with big bankrolls and their own developers, but our platform caters to neighborhood stores, independent retailers, and other small businesses.

We are looking for a Senior Golang Engineer to join our growing team. We strongly believe in helping each other, asking questions, and welcoming new developers. Being part of a software team should never be a struggle; we are looking for someone who shares that spirit.

The ideal candidate will be able to:
Modify existing software to correct errors, to adapt to new hardware, or to upgrade interfaces and improve performance
Confer with systems analysts, developers, programmers and others to design systems and to obtain information on project limitations, capabilities and performance requirements (be proactively involved in the process and assist in identification of quality improvements)
Manage risks and issues with the software development lifecycle, collaborate with project management team(s) and ensure all testing and reviews are properly scheduled and conducted
Participate in code reviews, mentor other developers, ensure consistency, quality and best practices in order to ensure compliance.
... then here’s a bit about what we have to offer:
Flexible working schedule
Full medical, dental, vision and paid vacation & sick time
Work with awesome engineers from around the world
New Macbooks, 4K montiors.. whatever tools you need!
SpotOn is committed to hiring a diverse workforce. We consider all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other basis as prohibited by federal, state or local law",4.1,"SpotOn
4.1",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
218,Data Architect (Snowflake - Contract to Hire),"$80k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Opportunity


We are seeking a talented Data Architect (Snowflake) to serve as a data management subject matter expert and is responsible for designing, creating, deploying and managing the organization's data architecture. The Data Architect Lead is responsible for ensuring the organization’s data assets are in line with the defined data architecture and with the goals of the business. In order to accomplish this, the data architect will work collaboratively with a cross section of technical and non-technical users.

What You Can Look Forward to
Providing leadership and guidance with enterprise data strategies.
Revising data dictionary definitions, governance practices, and standards.
Creating and maintaining enterprise conceptual, logical, and physical data models.
Creating data models that conform to existing standards and conventions.
Evaluating and recommending new and emerging data management and storage technologies and standards.
Ensuring consistency between data management, enterprise storage and all other technical system components.
Create and maintain a corporate repository of all data architecture artifacts.
Adhere to Agile principles and philosophies (Scrum or Kanban, as applicable) in fulfillment of the role.
Collaborate within the direct team in accordance with Team Agreement, Definition of Ready, and Definition of Done.
Work as a cross-functional team member in an Agile setting to help complete and deliver the team commitments.
Collaborate across teams and across business areas in the spirit of an Agile mindset.
Fulfill the role in the spirit of the Agile Manifesto, with emphasis on delivery of incremental value with frequent iterations and feedback loops.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Responsible for reporting risks that are identified to the appropriate team and/or management. Additionally, responsible for managing, monitoring and reporting risks within the scope of your work area, to include, but not limited to Information Security risks.
Actively supports our CO-OP culture and embraces our core values of Work as Partners, Communicate Openly and Honestly, Demonstrate Excellence and Champion Change in all interactions.
What You’ll Need to Succeed
Bachelor’s degree in Analytics, Data Science, Data Management, Computer Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent training and/or experience.
7-10 years of experience with information technology programs and services, with at least 5 years demonstrated expertise in enterprise data management and related technologies.
Experience with Snowflake cloud data platform, web services, enterprise data management, information security, applications development, and cloud-based architectures.
Data management best practices and trends.
Expert knowledge of enterprise data management technologies, including database platforms such as SQL Server and Oracle, ETL tools, and SQL.
Experiences in modern data architect technologies such as: Cloud Native , Snowflake , Redshift , ETL pipelines like Talend , ADF , and Data Brick
Understanding of information systems and data life-cycle management best practices and methodologies, such as systems development life cycle (SDLC).
Agile development methodology and concepts.
Knowledge of emerging data managements trends such as NoSQL/Big Data, streaming data, etc.
Common data architecture patterns such as entity-relationship and dimensional modeling.
Master Data Management (MDM) concepts and strategies for implementation.
Financial Services industry knowledge preferred.
Data modeling tools such as ERwin, Toad Data Modeler, E/R Studio, etc.
Expert T-SQL, SQL, PL/SQL.
Snowflake/Talend /Azure or AWS cloud.
Generate visualizations of simple to complex processes.
Able to explain technical concepts in a concise manner to non-technical users.
Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, Visio.
Advanced communication skills and customer relationship skills.
Why Join CO-OP?


CO-OP is committed to fostering a workplace where every employee feels valued, respected, and connected. We are dedicated to understanding, attracting and engaging a diverse workforce where every employee can live up to their value; ensuring that our employee base reflects the consumers we serve. The result of this effort is an inclusive environment where diverse talent thrives. You will be part of an organization that focuses on a strong culture and embodies the credit union movement philosophy of People Helping People. CO-OP’s commitment to reflecting our own core values and purpose extends beyond how we serve our clients and the products that we deliver.

With more than 35 years of industry leadership, CO-OP Financial Services is the largest, most comprehensive credit union service organization in the nation. CO-OP serves as THE credit union technology engine, bringing payments solutions, engagement services and strategic counsel to help credit unions optimize member experiences to consistently provide seamless, personalized multi-channel offerings, while delivering secure, sophisticated fraud mitigation service.

CO-OP serves more than 3,000 client credit unions, with 60 million debit and credit cardholders, nearly 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs and more than 5,600 shared branches nationwide. Our vast technological ecosystem facilitates more than 6.5 billion transactions every year and equips credit unions of all sizes to deepen member engagement and prosper in the fast-paced world of fintech.

The Perks
Fun, challenging and, collaborative work environment with passionate colleagues that care deeply about the intersection of technology and human-centered financial services.
Great Work/Life Benefits – Paid Time Off (PTO), Maternity, Parental, Family Care, Adoption Leave Programs, Community Volunteer Time Off, and 10 Paid Holidays.
Health benefits – medical, dental, & vision plus wellness programs and gym reimbursements.
401K with generous company match.
Tuition reimbursement.",3.1,"CO-OP Financial Services
3.1","Alpharetta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
219,Data Engineer,"$101k-$170k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer


Philadelphia

Apply now

Refer someone

As a Data Engineer based in our Philadelphia office you will be working alongside a diverse multi-talented team in a fast-paced agile environment. In this role, you will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection from cross functional teams.

You will support our Global Salesforce capability and work closely with software developers, database architects, data analysts on data initiatives and will ensure that data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Bringing your technology expertise, you will uplift a new global Salesforce platform by supplying efficient data requirements, ensuring compliance to internal and external policies and standards, supporting feature team development, and providing innovative solutions to business needs.

Your subject matter expertise will add value as you provide a strong understanding and practical application of the most appropriate AWS tooling to utilise and support data movement.

Using your hands-on programming experience in python, you will be able to contribute to on-going development by collaborating with stakeholders of all levels.

Your attention to detail will be utilized as you design clean, efficient, robust and reliable solutions that deliver on requirements as well as advising on data centric designs, that are secure, stable and scalable.

We’ll need you to bring a strong understanding of data modelling and data architecture principles along with hands-on experience authoring and configuring AWS data pipes. You’ll also have prior experience building microservices and components for efficient data delivery across systems.

If you have development experience in a large organisation within a complex technology landscape, that includes AWS experience, then we want to hear from you.

About the Corporate Operations Group

The Corporate Operations Group brings together specialist support services in Digital Transformation & Data, Technology, Market Operations, Human Resources, Business Services, Business Improvement & Strategy, and the Macquarie Group Foundation. The Corporate Operations Group’s purpose is to power the entrepreneurial enterprise.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

We recognise that flexibility comes in a variety of forms. Talk to us about what flexibility you need.",3.6,"Macquarie Group
3.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
220,Data Engineer,"$95k-$167k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Click ""Apply for this Job"" below to submit your application. After doing so, please take our 4-minute web analytics assessment followed by a 15-minute aptitude test by clicking the following link:

Start Assessment

Who We Are:

2-time winner of Crain's 100 Best Places to Work, Direct Agents is a data-driven digital marketing agency with offices in NY and LA.

Established in 2003, we are an independent company, and our business has been built on adapting and driving change since the very beginning. Fueled by the grit and hustle of our diverse team, we’re inspired by experimentation and seek to push the boundaries on innovative approaches to advertising. Our teams are committed to growing and innovating alongside clients like Colgate, Walker & Co., Belkin, The CW, Wacoal, and more.

Together, we think differently and we continue to shape the digital space into the future…

We are the Shapers of the Digital World. Join us and become a shaper of change!

As a Data Engineer, you will create tangible value by helping to develop innovative data and tech systems for current and future clients. The work you do directly contributes to our ability to improve holistic business and marketing strategies aimed to meet and exceed client expectations.

You will have the opportunity to work on leading-edge AI/ML, data automation, and predictive analytics projects including: bidding algorithms, image recognition, attribution modeling, performance forecasting, propensity scoring, and much more. The position requires fostering close working relationships with internal marketing teams as well as clients.

What You’ll Do:
Create automated data systems using APIs, Selenium, web scrapers, etc.
Set up and maintain database ecosystems
Build advanced data models to provide granular and predictive insights
Develop AI systems to perform advanced operations based upon data inputs
Visualize data in an easily digestible format
Supplying internal teams with datasets to be used for strategic optimizations
Maintain data integrity and work with teams to troubleshoot discrepancies
Stay abreast of latest industry topics, trends, news, methodologies, and tools
What You’ll Need:
Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Mathematics/Computer Science/Engineering/Finance or related field
Advanced Python skillset
Strong Statistical and/or Machine Learning background
Strong knowledge of database structures and SQL
Excellent quantitative skills and attention to detail
Experience using Power BI data visualization software is a plus
Highly motivated to identify and develop solutions to complex problems
Strong time management skills – ability to prioritize and meet deadlines
Diligent work ethic. Must be self-motivated and able to take the initiative to get the job done
Digital Marketing experience is preferred but definitely not required
What You’ll Get:
Competitive pay & health benefits.
Weekly social, wellness, and team building events
Access to health benefits and many other perks like One Medical
An amazing values based company culture ripe with collaboration, encouragement and camaraderie
Monthly education and training in digital advertising
Access to the best in class marketing technology and methodology
Ability to innovate and make an impact with your ideas in real-time
A fast tracked path to growth based on what you put into the role and your passion for learning in the company
Check out our Culture Videos:

Welcome to Direct Agents: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC-LBxTw0To

DA 2019 Culture in Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP12YTMF4Dg",4.4,"Direct Agents
4.4","Culver City, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
221,Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE),"$66k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE)

Job Description:
Title: Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE)

Location: Remote Eligible

Vertica believes that each of us knows the work environment that makes us the most productive. Thats why we provide our employees with the ability to work how and where they will be the most successful. We enable a flexible approach to work location, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office or from home, or a combination of both, but you make that choice including where you choose to live. Vertica invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environments to empower employees to work productively in the setting that meets their personal needs. Thats why were so proud to have a highly productive and engaged team in every function of the company.

About your role

Youll be part of the team that enables the database to scale larger without compromising on consistency. The ability to scale-out the database can lead to higher query throughput and faster single query performance.

You will help design and implement innovative features to efficiently maintain consistency even in the face of frequent updates made to a database that is comprised of very many nodes. To accomplish this, youll leverage your knowledge of distributed systems, networking, and systems level programming. Its an exciting time to join the team.

The amount of data stored and analyzed is growing fast, as is the number of transactions and queries processed per second. In response our engineers are constantly thinking of new ways to scale larger.
Required skills
C/C++
Proficient with multi-threaded applications
Customer focused with the ability to work in a cross-functional team with QA, documentation and others
Advanced knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Excellent communication
Desired skills
Distributed systems
Experience with relational databases, such as Oracle, SQL Server, etc.
Willingness and ability to mentor interns and junior team members
SQL
About our team
The best ideas often come from fresh perspectives. At Vertica, our open-minded, diverse and inclusive team is always learning from each other. We approach intellectually challenging work with a ""get it done"" attitude. Vertica Engineers are given significant latitude and support to pursue what they are passionate about to make Vertica an even better place. If you are excited about building great technology with a proactive team, you will find yourself in good company at Vertica. Welcome to the family.
About our product
Vertica is a recognized leader in analytics powering some of the worlds most data driven organizations like Uber, Wayfair, Intuit, Cerner, and more. Our columnar, MPP, distributed database delivers unprecedented speed, petabyte scale, with analytics and machine learning functions built into the core.
We believe the future belongs to the fast. Join us for the ride!

#LI-GC2

#DiceGC

Job:

Engineering

Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status",3.3,"Micro Focus
3.3","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
222,Software Engineer,"$82k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","$5,000-$10,000 Sign on Bonus

TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION YOU MUST HAVE AN ACTIVE TS/SCI W/ POLYGRAPH SECURITY CLEARANCE (U.S. CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED)


Senior Software Engineer:
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Join our team as a Senior Software Engineer and help our team develop, maintain, and enhance complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, real-time systems, and business management information systems) based upon documented requirements
Review and test software components for adherence to the design requirements and document test results
Provide specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)/Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components
Analyze user requirements to derive software design and performance requirements
Debug existing software and correct defects
Provide recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop or implement algorithms to meet or exceed system performance and functional standards
Assist with developing and executing test procedures for software components
Develop software solutions by analyzing system performance standards, confer with users or system engineers; analyze systems flow, data usage and work processes; and investigate problem areas
Confer with system engineers and hardware engineers to derive software requirements and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces
Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure operational specifications are met
Recommend new technologies and processes for complex software projects
Required Education and Experience:
Active or reinstatable TS/SCI clearance with polygraph required
U.S. Citizenship Required
20 years of experience as a Software Engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required
Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Science, Engineering Management or related discipline from an accredited college or University 5 years of additional SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a Bachelor’s degree
Software Languages (C, C++, Java, SQL, PHP, JavaScript, and jQuery)
Technologies: (NiFi, JDBC, JSON, AJAX, Spring boot)
Experience developing REST interfaces
Experience with JavaScript frameworks/ preference Angular2 but React and Vue are fine also
Typescript experience
Database SQL experience/ preference for PostgreSQL some NoSQL data-store experience
Network Programming
Vulnerability Research
EOE/AA Disability/Veteran

Desired Skills and Experience
System Security Certified Professional
Offensive Security Certified Professional (OSCP)
Ethical Hacker
Reverse Engineering Malware
Penetration Testing
Mid-Level Software Engineer:
Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Join our team as a Software Engineer and help our team develop, maintain, and enhance complex and diverse software systems (e.g., processing-intensive analytics, novel algorithm development, manipulation of extremely large data sets, real-time systems, and business management information systems) based upon documented requirements
Review and test software components for adherence to the design requirements and document test results
Provide specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)/Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components
Analyze user requirements to derive software design and performance requirements
Debug existing software and correct defects
Provide recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards
Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop simple data queries for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Design or implement complex database or data repository interfaces/queries
Develop or implement algorithms to meet or exceed system performance and functional standards
Assist with developing and executing test procedures for software components
Develop software solutions by analyzing system performance standards, confer with users or system engineers; analyze systems flow, data usage and work processes; and investigate problem areas
Confer with system engineers and hardware engineers to derive software requirements and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces
Coordinate software system installation and monitor equipment functioning to ensure operational specifications are met
Recommend new technologies and processes for complex software projects
Required Education and Experience:
Active or reinstatable TS/SCI clearance with polygraph required
U.S. Citizenship Required
7 years of experience as a Software Engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required
Bachelor’s degree in Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Science, Engineering Management or related discipline from an accredited college or University 5 years of additional SWE experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a Bachelor’s degree
Software Languages (C, C++, Java, SQL, PHP, JavaScript and jQuery)
EOE/AA Disability/Veteran",4.3,"Assured Information Security, Inc. (AIS)
4.3","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
223,Business Intelligence Specialist (Pending Contract Award & Clearance Required),-1,"Powertek Corporation seeks Secret or higher cleared Business Intelligence Specialists to support a nationwide Enterprise Knowledge Management program that currently includes such tools as: Microsoft (MS) SharePoint, MS SQL Server; MS Business Intelligence Stack; MS CRM; DefenseReady; Client Task Management Tool; Skype; Jabber; Defense Communications Services; Microsoft Office; and Records Management software.

Location: Virginia Beach, VA; Norfolk, VA; Fort Bragg, NC; Fort Campbell, KY; Fort Benning, GA; Fort Carson, CO; Coronado, CA; and Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA Clearance Required:Active Secret Travel:N/A

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Converts business requirements and high-level data collection needs into well-specified analyses, reporting, and visualizations
Gathers BI requirements and design solutions and works with developers on their delivery
Performs development and maintenance of a business intelligence architecture that enables factbased decision making and ad-hoc analysis and insight generation
Serves as subject matter expert on SQL Server, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Power BI, and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) to successfully deploy business intelligence solutions
YOUR EXPERIENCE AND KNOWLEDGE
5+ years of relevant business intelligence experience
Hands on experience with SQL Server, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Power BI, and SSRS
REQUIRED EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
BA/BS degree in Business Intelligence, Computer Science, or Data Analytics
Certified Business Intelligence Professional (CBIPR) certification (desired)
Active Secret or higher clearance (required)

ABOUT POWERTEK

We challenge you to come make your mark. Influence change. Work on vital missions. Advance your career.

Powertek Corporation is a high-energy IT company that encourages its employees to help shape its culture with imagination and ingenuity. Learn more at www.PowertekCorporation.com.

DISTINGUISHING BENEFITS

Matching 401k vested from day one of plan entry

Choice of Health Insurance Plans and an employee assistance program.

Company sponsored technical and management certifications.

PowertekU online education with 4400+ technical and business courses.

Educational tuition reimbursement.

Robust Awards & Recognition Program + perks, discounts, generous referral program.

TO ALL APPLICANTS

Thank you for your interest and effort in applying for this position.

Powertek provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.",3.7,"Powertek
3.7","Fort Campbell, KY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2001,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
224,"Data Engineer, Analytics (Platform)","$118k-$192k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

Our more experienced data engineers are clearly characterized by in-depth technical experience and proven progression in leadership responsibility. If you have an interest in being responsible for the dynamics of a fast-paced environment, this is the right role for you. You will be working on many projects at a time, but also focused on the details while finding creative ways to pursue big picture challenges.
Able to immerse yourself in all aspects of the product, understand the problems, and tie them back to data engineering solutions
Craft optimal data processing architecture and systems for new data and ETL pipelines
Recommend improvements and modifications to existing data and ETL pipelines
Communicate and influence strategies and processes around data modeling and architecture to multi-functional groups and leadership
Drive internal process improvements and automating manual processes for data quality and SLA management
Provide ongoing proactive communication and collaboration throughout the organization
4+ years experience in the data warehouse space
4+ years experience working with either a MapReduce or an MPP system
4+ years experience with object-oriented programming languages
7+ years experience in writing SQL and ETL processes
BS/BA in Technical Field, Computer Science or Mathematics
Knowledge in Python or Java
Experience analyzing data to identify deliverables, gaps, and inconsistencies
Ability to effectively collaborate and communicate complex technical concepts to a broad variety of audiences
Experience actively mentoring team members in their careers
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.",4.5,"Facebook
4.5","Menlo Park, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
225,Data Engineer,-1,"Our client is seeking a Data Engineer to join their team. The candidate will act as a business quality resource for online marketing and creative team when testing expertise or scoping is requested across domains

Responsibilities of the Data Engineer:

Attend business operations meetings and appropriate team meetings to discuss planning, strategy, and priorities.
Perform data engineering, development, analysis, reporting, visualization, and working with the business to extract, analyze, translate and document requirements and making technical and non-technical recommendations related to solutions regarding customer experience and content on website, related to category management, merchandising, etc.
Detect and test defects and field problems to the appropriate business teams (i.e. technical, marketing, creative).
Measure and monitor quality data and recommend solutions to improve the site's performance for internal and external customers.
Analyze category relationships and product content for appropriate information and results.

Requirements of the Data Engineer:

2 – 7 years of relevant data engineering, data analytics experience and capable of working in a BA capacity as well - 50/50 hands on dev/coding, and hands on data stuff and working with the business as a pseudo BA and data analyst.
3+ years of working knowledge of web applications, service-oriented architecture/web services, and client/server technology testing.
Previous experience with Tableau, Google Cloud, Big Query, Standard SQL Syntax, and Python.
Knowledge of web applications and web content.
IND3",3.9,"The Intersect Group
3.9","Houston, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
226,Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE),"$66k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE)

Job Description:
Title: Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE)

Location: Remote Eligible

Vertica believes that each of us knows the work environment that makes us the most productive. Thats why we provide our employees with the ability to work how and where they will be the most successful. We enable a flexible approach to work location, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office or from home, or a combination of both, but you make that choice including where you choose to live. Vertica invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environments to empower employees to work productively in the setting that meets their personal needs. Thats why were so proud to have a highly productive and engaged team in every function of the company.

About your role

Youll be part of the team that enables the database to scale larger without compromising on consistency. The ability to scale-out the database can lead to higher query throughput and faster single query performance.

You will help design and implement innovative features to efficiently maintain consistency even in the face of frequent updates made to a database that is comprised of very many nodes. To accomplish this, youll leverage your knowledge of distributed systems, networking, and systems level programming. Its an exciting time to join the team.

The amount of data stored and analyzed is growing fast, as is the number of transactions and queries processed per second. In response our engineers are constantly thinking of new ways to scale larger.
Required skills
C/C++
Proficient with multi-threaded applications
Customer focused with the ability to work in a cross-functional team with QA, documentation and others
Advanced knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Excellent communication
Desired skills
Distributed systems
Experience with relational databases, such as Oracle, SQL Server, etc.
Willingness and ability to mentor interns and junior team members
SQL
About our team
The best ideas often come from fresh perspectives. At Vertica, our open-minded, diverse and inclusive team is always learning from each other. We approach intellectually challenging work with a ""get it done"" attitude. Vertica Engineers are given significant latitude and support to pursue what they are passionate about to make Vertica an even better place. If you are excited about building great technology with a proactive team, you will find yourself in good company at Vertica. Welcome to the family.
About our product
Vertica is a recognized leader in analytics powering some of the worlds most data driven organizations like Uber, Wayfair, Intuit, Cerner, and more. Our columnar, MPP, distributed database delivers unprecedented speed, petabyte scale, with analytics and machine learning functions built into the core.
We believe the future belongs to the fast. Join us for the ride!

#LI-GC2

#DiceGC

Job:

Engineering

Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status",3.3,"Micro Focus
3.3","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
227,Principal Data Engineer,-1,"Job Description: Principal Data Engineer

Role

As a Principal Data Engineer at Zylotech, you have experience with and knowledge of the rapidly evolving ecosystem of cloud-native software. The successful candidate will:
Be well versed in structured and unstructured data
Be able to build the pipelines that move data throughout the enterprise
Know a ton about data; how to clean it, move it and store it
Deeply familiarity with cloud tech and infrastructure
We are looking for a team player with experience developing applications for large enterprises. You will be experienced in agile product development methodologies. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record showing commitment to and sense of urgency for project timelines. This position will report to the VP of Engineering.

Responsibilities will include:
Technical design and implementation of features in Zylotech’s CDP Platform to improve distributed database installation, upgrade, orchestration, administration, configuration, and diagnostics
Influence the design of database clustering & fault tolerance features based on their interaction with the deployment mechanisms
Provide technical leadership and support for junior members of the team by conducting thorough design and code reviews
Diagnose, debug, and resolve technical issues discovered during the development process and coming from customers
Partner and collaborate with Product Management to define, prioritize and implement product features
Participate in and provide leadership to Agile/Scrum ceremonies
Organization

You will report to the VP of Engineering.

Required Skills:
5+ years of experience in software development in a software product environment developing Linux applications, including: NodeJS, Python, or other Linux-based development products
Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software engineering practices for sustainable development
Fluent in Python programming on Linux
Experience using or building infrastructure-as-code tools such as Docker or Kubernetes
Experience building or operating solutions on cloud platforms like AWS and GCP
Technical / project lead, architecture, and other experience desired
Expertise with development of RESTful Web Services
Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery
Ability to collaborate in a team environment, and able to adapt effectively and quickly to a rapidly changing environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Experience or comfort working in a startup environment
Team player
Desired Skills:
SaaS platform development and support
Experience with Snowflake
Experience with Google Cloud Platform, AWS and Cloud applications
Apache Airflow
devops
Docker
Kubernetes
CircleCI
Git
Jira
Distributed systems
Systems programing
Networking
Security
Operating system integration
About Zylotech

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

Zylotech participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your

Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. For more

information on E-Verify please contact the Department of Homeland Security at

dhs.gov/e-verify or 888-897-7781.",3.4,"Zylotech
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
228,Business Intelligence Specialist (Pending Contract Award & Clearance Required),-1,"Powertek Corporation seeks Secret or higher cleared Business Intelligence Specialists to support a nationwide Enterprise Knowledge Management program that currently includes such tools as: Microsoft (MS) SharePoint, MS SQL Server; MS Business Intelligence Stack; MS CRM; DefenseReady; Client Task Management Tool; Skype; Jabber; Defense Communications Services; Microsoft Office; and Records Management software.

Location: Virginia Beach, VA; Norfolk, VA; Fort Bragg, NC; Fort Campbell, KY; Fort Benning, GA; Fort Carson, CO; Coronado, CA; and Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA Clearance Required:Active Secret Travel:N/A

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Converts business requirements and high-level data collection needs into well-specified analyses, reporting, and visualizations
Gathers BI requirements and design solutions and works with developers on their delivery
Performs development and maintenance of a business intelligence architecture that enables factbased decision making and ad-hoc analysis and insight generation
Serves as subject matter expert on SQL Server, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Power BI, and SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) to successfully deploy business intelligence solutions
YOUR EXPERIENCE AND KNOWLEDGE
5+ years of relevant business intelligence experience
Hands on experience with SQL Server, Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Power BI, and SSRS
REQUIRED EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
BA/BS degree in Business Intelligence, Computer Science, or Data Analytics
Certified Business Intelligence Professional (CBIPR) certification (desired)
Active Secret or higher clearance (required)

ABOUT POWERTEK

We challenge you to come make your mark. Influence change. Work on vital missions. Advance your career.

Powertek Corporation is a high-energy IT company that encourages its employees to help shape its culture with imagination and ingenuity. Learn more at www.PowertekCorporation.com.

DISTINGUISHING BENEFITS

Matching 401k vested from day one of plan entry

Choice of Health Insurance Plans and an employee assistance program.

Company sponsored technical and management certifications.

PowertekU online education with 4400+ technical and business courses.

Educational tuition reimbursement.

Robust Awards & Recognition Program + perks, discounts, generous referral program.

TO ALL APPLICANTS

Thank you for your interest and effort in applying for this position.

Powertek provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.",3.7,"Powertek
3.7","Fort Campbell, KY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2001,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
229,Systems Integration Engineer,-1,"Systems Integration Engineer

Location: Springfield, VA OR Tampa, FL

Raytheon Technologies is currently hiring a Systems Integration Engineer. The successful candidate will fulfill the roles and responsibilities below:
Manages the health and maintenance of the Windows 2012/2016 and Red Hat 6/7 VMs our applications reside on
Coordinates server patching activities with the hardware infrastructure contract team (ITEMS-DCS)
Coordinates with our cybersecurity engineer on any needed STIGs, patch updates, etc.
Manages the overall configuration of our operations and dev/test environments
Primary technical liaison with the NGA Cloud Office for our AWS instances used in our dev/test environment
Primary technical liaison with the hardware infrastructure contract team for any server issues on our virtualized environment (ops)
Coordinates with our Tier 2 ops team (Tampa) to ensure all applications are running properly and diagnoses any server/system-related issues. Creates and investigates any required Incident Tickets
Assists with the integration of new applications as they are added to the NODC system:
Coordinates with the new developer to obtain the software build
Determines how to install and checkout the new application, creates new Splash Links, and make the new application available for users (requests server certs, DNS entries, etc.)
Assists with the submission of any required Firewall Change Requests (FCRs)
Manages the STIG effort for our operations and dev/test environments
Installs all software licenses, as needed.
Installs all server certs, as needed
Applies any DNS changes, as needed
Establishes new FTP paths, file folders for any new data feeds
Coordinates with the authentication services contract team for any user authentication issues
Attends/supports Daily Scrums, Peer Reviews
Required Skills and Experience:
Must have and maintain a current active TS/SCI clearance required. Must be willing to get a CI poly.
Bachelors degree in Systems/Software Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or IT related degree and six (6) years of prior relevant experience OR Masters degree and four (4) years of prior relevant experience.
Security+ certification is required
Strong application deployment experience
Experience in maintaining Windows servers and Linux servers
Experience in scripting (JSON, Powershell)
Experience in patching Windows 2016 and RH 6/7 servers and applying STIGs to operational systems
Experience in deploying COTS/GOTS applications into operational environments
Experience in investigating and solving Tier 3 issues
Fundamental understanding of how applications are integrated in a virtualized hosting environment (VHE)
Hands-on experience in deploying and maintaining applications in a mission critical operational environment.
Broad knowledge of the interrelationship of ISP and ASP from an engineering perspective.
Relevant vendor training and practical experience deploying software at digital libraries or a data center to include, but not limited to: Linux/Windows Server Operating Systems, VMWare Virtualization Suites and Tools, PostGRES Database Management, HTML 5.0.
Desired Skills:
Knowledge of communications, imagery delivery systems, GEOINT cataloging, discovery, and retrieval as well as Intelligence Surveillance & Reconnaissance (ISR) systems is desired.
Experience with geospatial server technology including ArcGIS Server and Oracle Spatial is also desired.
Clearance Requirement:
Current TS/SCI clearance required
Required Education:
Bachelors degree in Systems/Software Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or IT related degree and six (6) years of prior relevant experience OR Masters degree and four (4) years of prior relevant experience.
This position requires either a U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.

166059

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Washington, DC",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
230,Database Administrator III,"$60k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Database Administrator III
Req Code 96596
Location Kansas City
Full Time Yes
Job Overview The Information
Technology Group of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has
an exciting opportunity for a Database Administrator III. We are looking
for a team member who would enjoy working for an organization that strives
every day to support the public good and make a difference. Are you driven
to utilize your analysis skills while delivering excellent service to build
long-lasting rapport? If so, this is a perfect opportunity for you! Join us on
our cloud journey!

This position is located in the NAIC’s
state-of-the-art offices in Town Pavilion in the heart of downtown Kansas City
which includes great restaurants and top-notch entertainment venues. This is a
full-time position in a positive and flexible environment.

Responsibilities
include:

Primary DBA Functions:
Configures and maintains on-premises Oracle
Database, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL and MongoDB systems.
Configures and supports cloud database systems
Oracle Cloud (OCI), DynamoDB, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL RDS, Aurora and
MongoDB Atlas.
Performs Database maintenance (e.g., patching,
upgrades, table/index reorganizations).
Documents and performs database client
installations/maintenance.
Maintains database replication between servers.
Creates and maintains backup routines using RMAN.
Analyzes existing database systems and recommend
improvements.
Creates and/or maintains all databases required
for development, testing and production.
Supports the application development lifecycle.
Creates and maintains database objects (e.g.,
tables, indexes, views, stored procedures, triggers).
Completes request for change tickets in a timely
fashion.
Creates, manages and follows up on all database
support ticket.
Works with Senior DBA staff on identifying and
troubleshooting database issues (e.g., connectivity, performance, application
errors, SQL errors).
Works with the Security team to enforce security
policies.
Demonstrates proficient use and knowledge of
standards and procedures.
When appropriate, works with applications areas
regarding database design, performance, availability, SQL, and other related
issues.


DBA On-call Duties:
Provides 24/7 on-call support on a rotational basis
with provided on-call inbox. Must be available remotely or go into the office
as needed.
Monitors databases daily for alerts or messages
while on-call.
Supports Platform Services when performing
maintenance.
Supports routine maintenance of the databases
during scheduled maintenance windows.
Communicates maintenance items and database
availability with Technical Services staff and users.
Communicates all issues to DBA staff and management
in a timely fashion. Creates Event Tickets when necessary.
DBA Maintenance Duties:
Monitors storage and uptime for all databases
(i.e., Annual Storage Report).
Supports routine maintenance of databases in
maintenance windows. Maintenance
includes table re-organization, chained-row repair and other maintenance
assigned by Senior DBAs.
Works with other Platform Services staff in
planning and supporting maintenance windows.
Maintains schedule for backend jobs and communicates
changes or conflicts to operations and management.
ETL Duties:
Supports the Extract Transform Load (ETL)
processes used by the enterprise. Support includes:
o

Mapping design and troubleshooting.

o

Workflow runtime and troubleshooting.

o

ETL connectivity support.

o

ETL Administrative support (e.g., Manage
Folders, Manage Security).

o

ETL Software Upgrades and Patches.

Security Duties:
Supports LDAP system used by the enterprise. Support
includes:
o

Administering the NetIQ eDir system and its
components (User App, eDir, iManager).

o

Troubleshooting user and/or application
authentication issues.

o

Monitoring NetIQ drivers and provisioning
processes.

Special Projects:
Develops tasks needed to complete the
projects. Reviews these plans with
management.
Completes documentation and cross training of DBA
team on all new projects and procedures.
Works with application development groups where
appropriate in supporting these projects.
Seeks input from the DBA staff when developing
these projects.
SECONDARY FUNCTIONS: Job
functions that are not essential but are considered part of the job. Other
duties may be assigned.
Works effectively with people; makes efforts to listen
to internal and external customers and understand their needs. Gives high
priority to customer satisfaction.
Maintains effectiveness in varying environments,
tasks, responsibilities, or people.
Demonstrates willingness to adapt to change and try new things.
Utilizes MS Word, Excel or MS Project to develop
project plans.
Skills and
Abilities:
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Tools.
Linux knowledge.
Experience with the following database technologies:
o
Oracle
Database Enterprise Edition 12c

o
Oracle
Exadata Gen2

o
Microsoft
SQL Server 2014

o
MongoDB
Atlas

o
PostgreSQL
6
Conceptual understanding of the Oracle database architecture and how
its components work and interact with one another.
Ability to create an operational database and properly manage the
various structures in an effective and efficient manner including performance
monitoring, database security, user management, and backup/recovery techniques.
Ability to create and troubleshoot SQL, PL/SQL,
TSQL, Perl, python, and bash code.
Experience with Informatica PowerCenter.
Familiar with cloud concepts and infrastructure (AWS).
Familiar with GIT version control
Must be able to carry an on-call device and react to calls received on
a rotation basis.
Experience with database modeling and tools.
Ability to work independently.
Possess excellent troubleshooting skills.
Possess excellent analytical skills.
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and in a fast-paced
environment.
Ability to meet deadlines.
Demonstrates strong initiative to improve skill set.
Demonstrates ability to apply skills learned at training to tasks
assigned.
Demonstrates flexibility.
Displays teamwork and a positive attitude.
Minimum
Education and/or experience required:
Bachelor's degree (B.A.) from four-year college or
university, or related experience; and five to seven years related database
experience.
Preferred
Experience:
Oracle 12c experience.
Why Work at the NAIC/NIPR?
Flexible Work
Environment
37.5 Hour Work
Week
Tuition
Reimbursement
Referral
Bonuses
Choice of
Insurance Plans
Vacation Buy
Back
Infants in the
Work Place
Adoption
Assistance
Parental Leave
Employee
Recognition Programs
Days Off for
Community Service
Student Loan Repayment
Program
Fitness Center
The
NAIC is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

For
consideration, please apply online at:

http://careers.naic.org

Applicants for all positions are considered without regard to age,
race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or
expression, national origin or ancestry, marital status, pregnancy, genetic
information, military or veteran status, disability, or any other basis
protected by applicable law.",3.3,"National Association of Insurance Commissioners
3.3","Kansas City, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1871,Nonprofit Organization,Membership Organizations,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
231,Software Engineer / Developer - (Golang),"$46k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Software Engineer II / Developer - (Golang)

Boulder, Colorado

If your software engineering skills are strong and you’re ready to have an immediate and direct impact on our product offerings, we want you, too! Spectra engineers are driven to develop faster, smaller, and more efficient digital data storage devices that preserve corporate and national treasures for more than a lifetime.

Can you see yourself here?
Application development using industry leading tools such as Go.
We are a driven group of engineers who show a high level of initiative and personal ownership of tasks. If you have these same qualities we’d really like to talk to you!
Comfortable working on any project with ability to jump from back end development (i.e Golang) to front end (i.e. Javascript).
Be able to successfully use design patterns to drive elegant architectures.
Testability and maintainability are super important to us; we care about our code and you should too.
We continually refactor code to be more efficient, testable, maintainable, etc.
Every line of code is reviewed; we expect you to take feedback and work well with others. You have a voice here, and you will have a major say in what takes place.
We love taking on challenging projects that “can’t be done”, and making them happen.
Ideal candidate will have experience with the following technologies:

Go, JavaScript, Full Stack Web Development. The focus will be on backend Go development with the possibility of switching between front end and back end development. C++ knowledge is an added plus.

Who’s on your team?

We do a little bit of everything, and enjoy the outdoors. We enjoy taking on tough projects and making them work. We love discussing the latest technology, and how to use it day to day.

What you need to bring to the table
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline.
At least 2+ years Golang experience.


It would be nice if you had
3+ years of previous work experience in C++ or other OOP languages a plus.
Status: Full Time

Why Spectra?

Located in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains in Boulder, Colorado, Spectra Logic provides a career and work experience second to none. Develop high quality solutions while gazing at the fabulous view; work out on your own or with our trainer at one of the on-campus gyms; grab lunch or snacks onsite or challenge the CEO to a game of pinball; and grow your career with peers who are second to none. Privately held since its inception in 1979, Spectra is allowed to do what is right without having to satisfy the analysts each quarter. That means our associates and customers come out as winners.

Isn’t it time you joined our winning team?

Benefits: Spectra Logic provides a casual work environment, competitive salaries, and a compensation structure that rewards contribution and hard work. Our full benefits package includes 401(k), medical, life, AD&D, flex spending accounts, and company paid short and long term disability. Equal

Employment Opportunities (EEO) Statement: Spectra Logic is committed to the practice and policies of equal employment opportunities in the recruitment, employment and promotion of all associates without regard to race, religion, sex, age, gender, minority, veterans, national origin or ancestry.",3.5,"Spectra Logic
3.5","Boulder, CO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1979,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
232,QA Automation Engineer,"$50k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","QA Automation Engineer
Location


Georgia - Augusta

Job Code

1572

# of Openings

1

QA Automation Engineer – Rural Sourcing

Rural Sourcing is a software development firm passionate about creating jobs across the United States and changing the IT outsourcing experience for our Fortune 500 and 1000 clients.

Why you will enjoy Mondays again:
Opportunity to collaborate with a diverse group of colleagues in a fun, creative culture
Exposure to modern technologies across various industries in an agile environment
Continuous development through training and mentorship programs
Progressive career journey and opportunity for advancement
Benefits package, 401(k) plan, and substantial PTO
Opportunity to give back in your community
Competitive salary + bonus opportunities
Tuition reimbursement
A Day in the Life:

The QA Automation Analyst will be responsible for developing tools that automate testing tasks, validate data, and monitor web services.
Design and develop automated tests in a web-based environment using automation tools and scripting tools such as Selenium, WebDriver, JMeter, Cucumber Appium, and Visual Studio Coded UI
Review requirements and participate in architecture/design reviews with an emphasis on test automation strategy and enforcement of excellent coding standards
Develop and maintain quality automation code
Manage multiple assignments and align them with business priorities and deadlines
Identify areas where automation can improve quality and increase time to delivery
Refactor and extend test automation frameworks and suites as necessary
Conduct test automation code reviews and evangelize test automation best practices to the entire engineering organization
What it takes:
Hunger for continuous learning and professional development
Problem solving skills to tackle business challenges
Intellectual curiosity to provide creative solutions
Ability to work in a team environment
Good interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy: Rural Sourcing is committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.",3.6,"Rural Sourcing
3.6","Augusta, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
233,Data Engineer,-1,"Join a team of financial software specialists responsible for the acquisition and management of financial market and related data required for research implementation of systematic trading strategies.
Primary Responsibilities:
Implement robust solutions for adoption, storage and management of large volumes of data
Develop quality assurance systems in support of high integrity data sets
Assist quantitative analysts in crafting custom, bespoke data sets
Support timely and fault tolerant data systems in support of production trading algorithms
Meet tight deadlines in an efficient manner
Requirements of the Candidate include:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or applicable degree and very strong exposure to programming and computer systems
Experience with Python and C++
Experience with data storage and manipulation using approaches such as HDF5, Pandas, and RDBMS/SQL
2+ years professional experience in data management role
The desire to work in a fast-paced, hardworking and committed environment with a talented team
Strong problem solving skills, critical thinking and clear written and verbal communications
Financial industry, market data and cloud data environment experience are beneficial",4.7,"STEVENS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP
4.7","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Financial Analytics & Research,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
234,Data Scientist,"$89k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

The Data Scientist is responsible for leading the design, development, and implementation of advanced quantitative models to evaluate the ITSM environment and to inform a variety of strategic and tactical business decisions. The Data Scientist works collaboratively across the service delivery teams and MSI to build and drive recommendations that translate into practical, measurable actionable insight and process improvements.

What Youll Get to Do:
Builds queries to monitor the IT Service Delivery environment to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management and proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the Service Providers, retained IT, and management teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Lead Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Apply the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Evaluate, analysis and interpret data to develop recommendations for service and process improvement
Lead a team of data analysts to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Define and deliver a solution to clean-up data and provide the appropriate level of data hygiene
Analyze complex data schema (tables, reference, relationships) from multiple data sources/platforms
Define new data collection and analysis processes
Design and develop approaches leading to data automation, integration processes, and improvements
Normalize and redesign existing data schema according to requirements, business direction, and commercial best practices
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Minimum of 5 years experience in the designing data models and conducting statistical data analysis, data manipulation, data visualization, and value modeling and simulations
B.S. in Mathematics, Computer Science or Engineering
A strong understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Experience developing and implementing data dashboards, data automation, and reporting systems to convert data into actionable information
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities
Significant experience with conceptual, logical and physical data modeling
ITIL Foundations certification
Excellent communication skills effectively translating data analysis concepts to a business audience
TS/SCI with Poly
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
M.S. in Statistics, Data Analysis or Information Technology
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Hands-on knowledge working with modeling tools: Tableau, Lime Survey, Strata, VBA, and SPSS
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
BITS3

allspark

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
235,Engineer - Satellite Flight Software (Mid to Senior),"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Space Dynamics Laboratory (SDL) is seeking mid to senior level software engineers to develop innovative, high-quality solutions to support customers in various small satellite programs.

SDL, a University Affiliated Research Center, has been developing innovative technologies and solutions for cutting-edge DoD and intelligence programs for almost six decades. Our expertise is in space and airborne IR, VIS, UV, and RF sensors, small satellite technologies, test and calibration, cybersecurity, data visualization and assurance, and ground stations.

Key Responsibilities:

· Developing and testing embedded space flight software

· Leading other software engineers

· Supporting spacecraft component integration and test

· Preparing satellites for launch

· Supporting software development and integration for mission planning, spacecraft operation, and telemetry data processing systems

Required Qualifications:

· BS degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering or other related, technical field

· 5+ years’ experience in C/C++, embedded software development, and hardware interface/control

· Capable of leading and mentoring a team of software engineers

· Experience with hardware testing, debugging, and interfaces

· Demonstrated ability to follow rigorous software development processes including analysis, design, testing, peer review, and continuous integration techniques

· Work effectively both independently and within multi-disciplinary teams

· Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal

· Must be a US citizen and be able to obtain a US government security clearance

· Must be able to travel on occasion

Preferred Qualifications:

· Familiarity with Linux, driver development, network programming, and concurrency

· 10+ years’ experience

SDL Benefits:

At SDL, we take pride in and highly value our employees. SDL offers competitive salaries and a fantastic benefits package, including:

· Flexible work schedules

· Generous annual, sick, and holiday paid leave

· A variety of inexpensive-premium, high-quality health, dental, vision, and life insurance options

· Generous employer retirement contribution (Up to 14.2% of annual gross earnings)

· Discounted USU tuition of 50% for employees and dependents

· Access to USU facilities and USU staff privileges

Instructions to applicants:

Along with the online application, please attach:

1) Cover Letter

2) Resume

Once you've completed the initial application, you will receive an e-mail requesting you to complete a video digital interview. For more information, please visit: https://hirevue.secure.force.com/E2Candidate/?lang=en_US

Please contact us if you do not receive a confirmation email within 24 hours of applying.

AA/EOE",4.5,"Space Dynamics Laboratory
4.5","Logan, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1959,Nonprofit Organization,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
236,Back End Software Engineer - Core Platform,-1,"GET TO KNOW US

We are on a mission to defeat inactivity! Gympass is a discovery platform that empowers companies to engage their workforce in physical activity by providing access to the largest global network of workout facilities. With a single monthly membership, companies can help employees find their perfect fit among 800 different activities at over 50,000 fitness facilities across the US, Europe, and Latin America. We increase the number of people exercising every day, helping them to become active and reach their goals. Let's help people get there together!

WHAT MAKES A GYMPASSER?

We are passionate about our mission! Whatever your job title is, here you can make a global impact and change people's lives. At Gympass, we collaborate, set high achievable goal expectations and focus on the end result. It's a challenging, evolving environment that allows you to learn and grow. You will face a disruptive and emerging business model that will push you in several areas, with no boundaries for creation and collaboration.


THE OPPORTUNITY - Back End Software Engineer


e are hiring a Back End Software Engineer to our Core team in Lisbon - Portugal

YOUR IMPACT
Ensure successful delivery of projects, and promote the long-term technical health of our services.
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve services focusing on performance, scalability and stability.
Build Integration with 3rd party API and tools.
Bring expertise in architecture and design process, dive into the most complex technical problems.
Support existing systems looking to enhance functionality, increase scale, and transform in new ways to meet our product demands.
Create new services and capabilities to meet emerging needs as our business grows.
Build scalable, maintainable architectures, and to write clean and readable code.
Work in agile development and quick prototypes, and you strive to see your work in action.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
4+ years of experience designing and developing complex modern web applications.
Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent professional experience.
Experience applying object-oriented or functional design and RESTful web services.
Experience applying computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithm design, problem solving and complexity analysis.
Experience with at least one programming language such as Java, Scala, Python, Ruby or Go.
Experience with SQL technology such as PostgreSQL, MySQL.
Good communication skills.
Experience architecting large-scale multi-tier web applications.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with NoSQL technology such as DynamoDB
Cloud-based architectures (AWS / GCP)
Proficient in a broad range of software design approaches and common UX patterns
Can articulate the risks and benefits of depending on front-end libraries, frameworks, and tool-sets
Willingness to mentor junior engineers
Experience architecting large-scale multi-tier web applications
WHAT WE OFFER YOU

We're a wellness company that is committed to the health and wellbeing of our employees. Our benefits include:

1) WELLNESS: health and dental insurance.

2) GYMPASS DISCOUNT: We believe in our mission and encourage our employees and their families to find their passion too.

3) CAREER GROWTH: Outstanding opportunities for personal and career growth. That means we maintain a growth mindset in everything we do and invest deeply in employee development.

4) CULTURE: An exciting and supportive atmosphere with ambitious people from around the world!

5) FLEXIBLE SCHEDULE: We give our employees some flexibility to adjust their working hours.

And to get a glimpse of Life at Gympass... Check out our new Instagram account! @gympasscareers

Gympass is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.",3.3,"Gympass
3.3",United States,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
237,Senior Software Engineer,"$65k-$137k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Pacific Mobile is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to produce and implement functional solutions for our internal applications and reporting needs. In this role, you should be able to work independently with little supervision. You should have excellent organization and problem-solving skills. Your goal will be to develop high-quality software solutions that are aligned with business needs and strategic goals. If you have significant experience in software development, and are interested in working with a small tight-knit team in beautiful Bend, Oregon, we’d like to hear from you.

Business Profile:

Pacific Mobile Structures is a quickly growing company with a strong track record in the commercial modular building industry. We sell and lease mobile office space, and build innovative modular structures. With a rental fleet of 3.0 million square feet, we serve any jobsite need. We also provide high performing re-locatable classrooms, as well as quality modular structures for office buildings, medical clinics, government services, and workforce housing.

As a values based company, we have built a unique culture that drives our performance in the marketplace. We put our values at the forefront of everything we do from hiring to our strategic long-term planning process. We empower our employees to make decisions that honor our values. This, along with our size and financial strength, allows the company to lead our industry in crafting a rewarding employee experience. Ownership’s long term vision and its many dedicated employees create a culture that cannot be duplicated.

Primary Responsibilities:
Design and develop new software applications
Design, develop and execute data migration processes and integrations to/from legacy systems
Design and develop SSRS web-based and PowerBI reports
Work with development team members to test customizations
Provide support to Business Analysts and functional leadership by presenting technical concepts and assisting with solution design
Create estimates for development tasks
Integrating data via web services
Support team members on practice development strategies and team initiatives
Create and develop interfaces designed to integrate 3rd party applications with Microsoft Dynamics 365 F&O (AX) applications and other legacy systems
Salary: Highly competitive based on experience with business objective bonus recurring.

Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in information systems, computer science or equivalent
Developed reports using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) or Power BI
5+ years of experience developing on the .Net platform
5+ years of experience working with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience in SQL, C#, .NET, and .NETcore technologies
Experience with TypeScript or Javascript
Strong understanding of database architecture and design
Experience with Object Oriented Programming Models
Experience using Agile Development methodologies
Experience integrating 3rd party applications via modern API’s
Experience building custom applications, modifications, integrations, data conversion routines and custom reports
Ability to translate experience to creatively solve client business, process and application issues
Excellent organizational skills, attention to quality, self-motivation and a desire to succeed
Must have strong communication skills with experience working in highly collaborative teams.
Willingness to travel occasionally to corporate locations
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with Azure DevOps, particularly around automated build and release piplines
Experience managing source control with multiple developer branches
Experience with VisualStudio, VSCode or similar IDE
Experience with unit testing frameworks
Experience with modern web frameworks and SaaS applications
Full Life Cycle ERP Implementations
Data migration/integration tools
Experience in designing and developing functionalities in Microsoft Dynamics 365 F&O (AX) using X++
Benefits

Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, 401(K) with company matching, Profit Sharing, Annual Bonus, Charitable Donation Company Matching, Community Involvement, PTO and other great benefits of being a Pacific Mobile employee.

We are an AWESOME place to work - but don't take it from us... Visit Glassdoor to hear what our employees are saying about working here: https://goo.gl/9VXQaN


Pacific Mobile is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.",4.4,"Pacific Mobile
4.4","Bend, OR",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Construction,"Construction, Repair & Maintenance",$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
238,Data Management Engineer,"$69k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Introduction
ASML brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our main headquarters are located in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we also have 18 office locations around the United States- including main offices in Wilton, CT, Chandler, AZ, San Jose, CA and San Diego, CA.
Job Mission
ASML is a world leader in the manufacture of advanced technology systems for the semiconductor industry.ASML’s corporate headquarters is in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. Manufacturing sites and research and development facilities are located in Connecticut, California and the Netherlands. Technology development centers and training facilities are located in the United States, Japan, Korea, the Netherlands, and Taiwan. Additionally, ASML provides optimal service to its customers via over 50 sales and service organizations in 16 countries. Founded in the Netherlands in 1984, the company is publicly traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML.
Job Description
The Technical Analyst provides a high level of broad spectrum technical analysis and support for CS sectors’ tools and products.
You will build dashboards, self-service tools, and reports to analyze and present data associated with customer experience, product performance, business operations, and strategic decision making.Engage with Project, Business, and Engineering teams to capture requirements, influence end-state way we make decisions, and craft world class BI tools to support those partners. You will craft our data infrastructure investments in support of BI needs. You should influence upstream data model design, drive aggregate definitions, and develop your own data solutions as needed, successfully bridge analytics and business, ability to speak the language of both. Provide coverage on ad-hoc analysis from diverse partners and automate those needs over time.
Responsibilities
-Tell stories with data and propose analytical solutions instilling confidence to leaders making operational and strategic business decisions.
-Manage expectations by communicating project plans, features, and statuses to business stakeholders.
-Build strong relationships within business units and support functions to understand the business needs.
-Construct reporting utilizing Excel and BI software to drive insight for engineering leadership.
-Collaborate and knowledge share to ensure single source of truth for all data.
-Perform ongoing assessment of analytics tools and dashboards relative to their usability, efficacy and adoption with their respective audiences.
-Synthesize data to provide actionable insights.
-Take data, understand it, process it, extract value from it, and communicate if visually / verbally throughout the organization.
-Work closely with customers and IT teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions.
-Deliver ad hoc reporting and analytics within an agreed-upon SLA.
-Play an active role in business reviews, especially in reviewing analytical findings and in strategic planning discussions.
Education
Position requires a BS degree technical field, statistics, information technology, economics, business, or equivalent experience.
Experience
-5+ years of experience working in a technical analyst capacity, or related business/technical experience.
-Demonstrated proficiency in Microsoft Office programs, such as advanced Excel and PowerPoint.
-Demonstrated ability using windows app development, web design and back-end development, and/or data cleaning & structuring.
-Experience in Spotfire preferred.
-Experience developing metrics, graphs, and charts to present information in digestible formats for a broad audience.
-Experience in forecasting and reporting on KPIs.
-Demonstrated ability to analyze data and present to various levels of an organization.
-Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
Personal skills
-Must be comfortable working in ambiguity.
-Analyze and process complex data sets using predictive modelling, regression, querying, visualization and analytics tools.
-Proven experience working within the technical side of business intelligence reporting.
-Must be creative in developing visual graphics and summaries to illustrate a story of data.
-Strong Communications skills- communicates clearly and convincingly.
-Excellent time management and delegation skills.
-Ability to prioritize and organize actions effectively and efficiently.
-Self-starter that shows high drive, creativity, ambition and accountability.
-Advanced analytic and problem solving skills, pays attention to detail and produces work that meets high quality standards.
The ideal candidate:
-Is curious – a strong desire to dig to understand the real root cause of problems (5x why RCA).
-Is never satisfied with ‘good enough’ but is able to deliver when ‘good enough’ is acceptable.
-Is obsessive about data quality.
-Understands the big picture but often lives in the details.
-Strong sense of ownership.Focus on understanding details and able to work under minimal supervision.
-Is a self-starter – we don’t expect you to know everything, but you need to be able to teach yourself anything.
-Is outspoken while maintaining good interpersonal skills.
-Does not mind occasionally doing repetitive data-entry/data-cleanup tasks in order to get a desired output.
-Is hyper organized and is energized from bringing clarity and control to ambiguous and chaotic situations.
-Can articulate simple accurate conclusions from large amounts of data.
-Is the type of person who is constantly looking for the best way to do things.
-Can focus when working in a distracting, open office environment.
-Takes pride in output that has their name on it.
-Can quickly build trust and establish rapport with all stakeholders and management levels.
-Can work under tight deadlines.
Context of the position
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
-While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch.
-The employee is occasionally required to move around the campus.
-The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
-May require travel dependent on company needs.
-Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
-Can work under deadlines.
-The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
-Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
-Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
-Can learn and apply new information or skills.
Other information
-Position requires up to 30% travel, and the willingness to work extended hours
-Valid driver’s license and passport required.
-Ability to travel in US and internationally.
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability",3.6,"ASML
3.6","Chandler, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,1984,Company - Public,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
239,Senior Data Engineer,"$78k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Cision Ltd is a leading global provider of innovative earned media software and services to public relations and marketing communications professionals. Cision’s Communications Cloud platform allows users to identify key influencers, craft and distribute strategic content, and measure meaningful impact of PR and Communications Teams’ campaigns. Cision has over 4,500 employees with offices in 23 countries throughout the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. For more information about our products and services, visit www.cision.com and follow us on Twitter @Cision.
Cision employs the brightest, most passionate people in the tech industry. We’d love for you to join that group! We invest in our people through training and professional development and we empower them to grow their careers - because the most important measure of our success is yours.


As a Senior Data Engineer for the Earned Media Attribution Software Engineering team, you will work with business data and database systems that power our market leading solution, Impact. You will be working with data engineers, software engineers and quality engineers on high-scale data collection and processing systems to gain insights from web scale analytics data. The team will work in an iterative manner to consistently and frequently deliver high-quality, robust and scalable software solutions.
You will help us by:
Leading development work on core data warehouse for attribution product and designing platform iterations to accommodate rapid growth
Working closely with QA, Architecture, and Product teams to help Cision deliver innovative software to our customers and industry partners
Designing and optimize database architecture including schemas, partitioning and aggregations
Developing standards to ingest, enrich and aggregate large amounts of data while focusing on consistency and data quality
Building and implementing data integrations using ELT/ETL frameworks and APIs with industry partners
You would be a good fit if you have:
7+ Years proven professional experience in data engineering field such as architecture, data management, data warehousing or data quality
In depth understanding and practical experience and understanding of designing, developing and maintaining a modern data warehouse in AWS
Proven experience in the following: developing in Java or similar experience and interest in adopting Java, MPP and/or columnar databases, RedShift preferred, bash scripting and Python for ETL processing
Ability to understand key business needs and translate those needs into data solutions
Expertise with the following: OLAP data modeling, concurrency, data structures, business intelligence tools such as MS Power BI/Tableau, data streaming platforms such as Apache Kafka as well as creating RESTful APIs for use in data visualization applications
Ability to recommend and optimize for new higher performing multi-dimensional architectures for more efficient Business Intelligence performance
You would be a great fit if you also have:
Experience with one or more of: high availability (HA) applications; distributed and redundant data storage and processing; service-oriented architecture and data mining
Experience with the following: agile software development or an iterative development environment and with continuous integration and continuous delivery
Understanding of data privacy and data protection
Cision is committed to building an environment where all employees are set up to thrive and reach their full potential. We believe diversity, equity and inclusion is vital to driving our culture, sparking innovation and achieving long-term success. Cision is proud to have joined more than 600 companies in signing the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™ pledge, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion within the workplace.
Cision is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, or other protected statuses.
EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V, 41 CFR 60–1.4
Please see EEO is the law and EEO is the Law Supplement.
Please review our Global Candidate Data Privacy Statement to learn about Cision’s commitment to protecting personal data collected during the hiring process.",2.8,"Cision
2.8","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1892,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
240,Senior Project Engineer,"$65k-$100k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Provide engineering project development and leadership services to our diverse list of clients. The successful candidate will be responsible for the design, development, and implementation of projects focused on manufacturing process and equipment reliability improvements, plant expansions, and manufacturing cost reduction projects within a variety of industries. The Project Engineer will finish assigned engineering projects in accordance with customer specifications and within schedule and budget limitations. The Project Engineer will also be responsible for coordinating activities of the engineering team, the client, contractors, and vendors.

Job Functions:
Work closely with CAD Technicians to direct their efforts and develop appropriate project documents within budget
Critically analyze manufacturing processes/systems/practices to identify current gaps and opportunities for improvement, and make improvement recommendations to clients
Provide process engineering and equipment layout, integration, and specification services for projects which include comparative analysis, technical evaluations, cost estimates and executive summaries for senior management
Provide project management leadership by developing and tracking project timelines in MS Project, managing sub-contracted engineering firms, establishing and tracking project budget so that all projects are completed in accordance with the project scope, schedule, and budget
Perform field work including gathering dimensions, field data, and process observations
Contact suppliers and subcontractors as needed to generate bids and proposals
Assess suppliers and subcontractors for competence, capabilities and resources
Perform vendor equipment investigation, selection, coordination efforts related to projects
Prepare and review equipment purchase specifications and contractor scope documents
Identify and pursue additional project opportunities with clients through business development conversations.
Requirements:
At least 10 years of engineering experience in manufacturing operations. Preferred to have MOST of this experience in a combination of the following areas:
Project Engineering
Process Engineering
Operations – supervision/management
Maintenance/Reliability
Engineering degree from an accredited 4-year engineering program in one of the following disciplines:
Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering or Manufacturing Engineering preferred
Others considered with an appropriate level of related experience
EIT certification (PE Registration preferred)
Working knowledge of machine/equipment design, power transmission, fabrication and welding, machined parts / assemblies
AutoCAD – Ability to edit AutoCAD drawings in both 2D and 3D
Knowledge of Lean Manufacturing basics
Basic knowledge of electrical power distribution and control systems/methods
Strong analytic thinking, problem solving skills, an aptitude for detail and strong organizational abilities
Excellent oral and written communication skills, including presentation and meeting management skills and the ability to communicate clearly with maintenance and operations staff
Must perform with the highest of ethical business practices, maintain organizational integrity, adhere to all safe working practices
Must be a U.S. Citizen and able to secure a Passport and travel Visas • Expected travel is approximately 25%, but is project dependent
Must be available for weekend and holiday on-call and after-hours duty as projects require
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $85,000.00 - $106,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Experience:
manufacturing process or project engineering: 7 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Pikesville, MD 21208 (Required)
License:
EIT/PE (Preferred)
Language:
English (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
25% (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.efigroupllc.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"EFI Group
3.1","Pikesville, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
241,Engineer III/Senior/Principal,"$67k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:
Provide on-site representation for the DDG 51 Class PY Engineering team in Norfolk, VA
Interface with the Navy, Navy Contractors, BIW Design and BIW management
Provide technical support to Design for Ship Installation Drawing (SID) package development for Ship Alterations and Post Shakedown Availability (PSA) Work Items tasked to Planning Yard
Accompany and assist shipcheck teams to ensure TDR guidance is followed and requirements are fulfilled
Support Design in the resolution of waterfront Engineering issues that may arise during installation of Ship Alterations
Interface with NAVSEA, ISEAs , and other contractors as required in seeking engineering solutions
Participate in off-site meetings and other events as needed
Participate in special projects and lead technical meetings as assigned
Develop and process Ship Alteration Technical Data in accordance with schedule constraints and governing requirements.
Occasional travel is required
This is a permanent position that reports to the HM&E Engineering Team Lead in Maine
Required/Preferred Education/Training:
BS Degree in an Engineering discipline
Required/Preferred Experience:
Familiarity with DDG 51 class construction and documentation required
Experience in a marine repair environment preferred
Project Management experience preferred
Must have the flexibility to work in a fast paced environment under the pressure of changing and often conflicting priorities
Ability to multi-task and manage simultaneous projects required
Strong research skills and attention to detail required
Self-motivation, strong work ethic and ability to work independently required
Ability to work effectively in a team environment with varying personalities required
Competence in MS Office products and general PC skills required
Strong oral and written communication skills required",3.6,"General Dynamics - Bath Iron Works
3.6","Norfolk, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
242,Presales Data Architect,"$111k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

Dear trailblazers, forward-thinkers, and doers - We want you.

DataStax is the company behind the massively scalable, highly available, cloud-native NoSQL platform built on Apache Cassandra. Every day, we're fulfilling our mission to connect every developer in the world to the power of Apache Cassandra, with the freedom to run data on any device and in any cloud.

We subscribe to a set of principles that guide how we collaboratively work together. We inspire each other with our valuesobsessing over users and enterprises, taking action and focusing on results, innovating in technology, products, and everything we do, and defining success as the team winning.

We foster a diverse working environment that is respectful, generates new ideas, promotes ownership, and encourages highly motivated individuals to shape tomorrow. These form the foundation of DataStax's culture and help drive our decisions.
Job Description

PreSales Data Architect

As a Data Architect, you will work as part of the sales team to qualify, educate and lead the design and adoption of database solutions. You would be on the front line of our sales team in a dynamic, high-energy environment. You will own the technical relationships of accounts as they modernize and realize business value over time.

What you will do:
Serve as Technical Strategic Advisor coaching enterprises through modernizations, implementations, and transformational outcomes
Own enterprise success through delivery of transformational business outcomes
Collaborate with account executives to develop account strategies and plans
Qualify technical requirements and effectively articulate DataStax's ability to meet these needs
Drive high levels of engagement through discovery sessions, enablement, and solution planning
Constantly learn new technologies and stay abreast of the distributed computing landscape
Present to C-Level executives on transformational data strategy
Enable customers through well crafted presentations and training sessions including hands-on developer days on-site at customer locations
Customize and adapt presentations for both small and large audiences, and for audiences with differing levels of technical and business experience
Work closely with developers around application code, data modeling techniques and troubleshooting, candidate architectures, and driver best practices.
Travel up to 50% of the time
Lead technical quarterly business reviews with customers to deliver business value with enterprise team
Work with Product Management and Engineering to provide feedback from the field
Your experience should include:
A high degree of comfort speaking all levels of the organization from CTO to Architects to Developers and DBAs .
Demonstrating how youve learned and adapted to new technologies
Demonstrating how youve contributed to a culture of knowledge sharing by authoring and contribute to internal and external technical collateral, white papers, tutorials, and best practices
Knowledge of API design and development in enterprise ecosystems
Basic Linux operations experience
Developing in at least one major programming language, Java, C#, Go, Node.js, or Python
Solid understanding of Kubernetes and applications in enterprise ecosystems
Specialization in at least one cloud provider stack - AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience architecting and delivering solutions in a large enterprise
A solid understanding of system architecture and software design principles
Exposure Apache Cassandra NoSQL technologies or Traditional RDBMS
If this motivates you, we'd love to hear from you!

#LI-Remote",3.8,"DataStax
3.8","Atlanta, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
243,Data Engineer,"$75k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why VillageMD?

VillageMD is changing the trajectory of healthcare by empowering primary care physicians to make informed decisions and engage patients in meaningful ways. We work with thousands of clinicians and healthcare disruptors across the country to build and contribute to our platform to improve patient health while driving down the cost to deliver it.

We are a mission-oriented organization and are thrilled about the work that we do every day. We're transparent, collaborative, and relentless in pursuit of our mission, all while doing so with humility and a low ego. We believe that diverse backgrounds and experiences create the best opportunity for innovation and the community that we are creating is greater than any individual.

We've built our technology using the best of cloud and open-source technologies to create an open, data-first platform that is enriched with analytical models and modernly connected to internal and external apps. These apps drive clinical decision support, patient engagement, and other facilitators of innovative, information-enriched health experiences.

Data Engineers at VillageMD build distributed components, pipelines, and tools that enable our organization to make analytical, data-driven decisions. We're in a unique position to impact everyone in primary care from independent, family-owned practices to world-class health systems. We aggregate, process, and deliver rich datasets to improve the effectiveness of primary care for our doctors and patients.

What are examples of work that Data Engineers have done at VillageMD?
Built and implemented a data profiling tool to reverse engineer data schemas from new data sources facilitating normalization of the data into our data model
Created a summary data platform supporting our presentation layer that allows clinicians and operators in our practices to pinpoint interventions on-demand to patients most in need
Analyzed and designed the best ways to expand our data model to incorporate more data that's mission critical
What will make you successful here?
Strong analytical and technical skills
A real passion for problem solving and learning new technology
Vision to balance speed and maintainability in solution design
The ability to handle multiple, concurrent projects
Crafting and implementing requirements, keeping projects on track, and engaging partners
Challenging the status quo to improve our processes and tools
Communicating complex technical details in meaningful business context
A low ego and humility; an ability to gain trust by doing what you say you will do
What you might do in your first year:
Own ten projects to design and implement best-in-class data processing enabling clean data flow directly to our data model and on to our presentation layer
Work with analytics, engineering and operations to design and implement a new analytics product that supports improving patient health
Design a new concept within our data model to meet a new operational or analytical need
The following experience is relevant to us:
5+ years of full-time experience including extensive experience with healthcare data
Ability to understand and design relational data structures required
Very strong capabilities manipulating data using SQL
Knowledge of, and/or willingness to learn, non-relational data structures and other technologies (e.g. Postgres, Redshift, Cassandra, MongoDB, Neo4j, S3, etc.)
Experience or willingness to learn building information pipelines utilizing Python or Java a plus
BS/MS in computer science, math, engineering, or other related fields is required.
Track record of successfully executing projects with multiple partners
What can we offer you?
Competitive salary, bonus, and health benefits
Paid gym membership
Fun, fast-paced, startup environment (with snacks)
Pre-tax savings on commute expenses
Remote flexibility
A highly-collaborative, conscientious, forward-thinking environment that welcomes the impact you can make from Day 1.
A clear link between our daily work on products and services and the improved quality of healthcare that this work facilitates for patients.
At VillageMD, we see diversity and inclusion as a source of strength in transforming healthcare. We believe building trust and innovation are best achieved through diverse perspectives. To us, acceptance and respect are rooted in an understanding that people do not experience things in the same way, including our healthcare system. Individuals seeking employment at VillageMD are considered without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.0,"VillageMD
4.0","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
244,Engineer - Water/Wastewater,"$53k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you looking for a home for the best years of your career, where you can contribute to a dynamic employee-owned firm, tackle challenging project work, and collaborate with industry recognized professionals? Jones Edmunds is the place for you! We are seeking an Engineer to join our expanding team located in our Gainesville office. This role will assist with hydraulic modeling and master planning. In addition to working in modeling and GIS or developing conceptual designs, this Associate will also apply technical writing skills as we develop technical memoranda and reports.

The Engineer will be responsible for pump station design, pipeline design, as well as water and wastewater modeling projects. The incumbent will apply broad engineering knowledge of principles and practices in a specific practice area. The position may require multitasking and working on multiple projects of moderate size or portions of major projects. The Engineer will have knowledge of engineering principles and practices of related fields and ability to function on multi-disciplinary teams. This position exercises good and independent judgment in selecting and adapting standard techniques, procedures, and criteria to work projects and tasks. The Engineer must have the ability to devise solutions to new and complex problems.

Essential Job Functions:

Technical Responsibility

Ability to design partial to complete projects, systems, components, or processes and prepare complete project documents.

Prepare complete project document consistent with project plans and within project scope and budget.

Prepare written correspondence.

Identify, analyze, and propose solutions to, or solve problems related to projects or assigned work.

Communicate regularly with the Project Manager on project activities and track project progress on completed work relative to the agreed-on scope and deliverable goals.

Engage in continuing professional development.

Quality Program Responsibility

Assume responsibility for the quality of work submitted. Review, evaluate, and verify accuracy and viability of designs, data, reports, and other documents before submitting them to the next review level.

Adhere to project deadlines and keep the Project Manager or Supervising Engineer informed of any difficulties encountered on assignments.

Review Engineer Intern’s work that was completed under his/her direction.

Perform peer reviews of project work.

Submit work for quality control review on time and in a complete format.

Management Responsibility

May act as a Task Manager.

Marketing Responsibility

Provide information to the marketing team and others in the Company as requested.

May interact directly with clients.

May interact with other professionals through membership in societies and technical organizations.

Present a professional and positive image of Jones Edmunds.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:

Education: BS in Engineering from accredited college or university
Registration: Florida Registered Professional Engineer
Certification: None
Experience: 4+ years of progressive consulting or related experience
MS in Engineering may be substituted for 1 year of experience
PhD in Engineering may be substituted for 2 years of experience
Other: Valid Driver’s License with an acceptable MVR

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: Must have knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. This includes applying principles, techniques, procedures, and equipment to design services. Must be able to use computer aided drafting or design software for designing, drafting, modeling, and other engineering tasks. Must stay up to date on knowledge of construction and government standards relevant to engineering and have the ability to apply new technical knowledge on the job. Must be able to use scientific rules and methods to solve problems as well as understand the implications of new information for current and future problem solving and decision making.

Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran/AA/DFWP

Jones Edmunds & Associates will not sponsor a work visa (e.g. H1B, etc.,) to fill this position.

As a condition of employment with Jones Edmunds & Associates any successful job applicant will be required to pass a pre-employment background investigation, drug screen and motor vehicle report",3.4,"Jones Edmunds & Associates
3.4","Gainesville, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
245,Software Engineer - Node.JS,"$60k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Meet Group is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to design and build RESTful APIs that are focused on consistency, flexibility, and performance. You will work with existing developers to help maintain and improve the codebase and help to integrate new features into shared services around Live Video.
As a Software Engineering on the Engineering team, you will:
APIs are critical for our Web, Mobile Web, Android, and iOS apps. We're committed to delivering consistent, flexible, and performant APIs that unblock feature teams. The Monocle API framework, developed in-house and open-sourced from day 1 gives us the power to develop RESTful APIs quickly with advanced features like property filtering, automated documentation, and RESTful standards.
The Meet Group is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to design, build, and maintain RESTful APIs to allow our various apps across all platforms to be expanded with new functionality. The role involves collaborating with engineers across the Web and Mobile teams to ensure newly developed APIs are designed appropriately according to the technical needs of the various platforms.
Additionally, the Senior Software Engineer will collaborate with DBAs, Product Managers, and Designers to ensure that the technical and product requirements are understood and achievable.
We're looking for:
3+ years of NodeJS and PHP development experience
2+ Years working within an event-driven microservice architecture.
4+ Years working with databases both SQL and NoSQL.
2+ Years experience building REST APIS.
Strong empathetic communication skills.
Strong critical thinking and independent problem solving skills.
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy:
Tremendous opportunity to solve some of the industry’s most important challenges
Working with an extraordinary team of smart, creative, fun and highly motivated people
Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, 401(k) match
Extensive PTO plan and flexible working hours
Bi Weekly catered lunches, Bagel Fridays, endless supply of refreshments and snacks, fitness classes and social events
The Meet Group (NASDAQ: MEET) is a portfolio of mobile social entertainment apps designed to meet the universal need for human connection. We leverage a powerful live-streaming video platform, empowering our global community to forge meaningful connections. Our primary apps, MeetMe®, LOVOO®, Skout®, and Tagged®, entertain millions of mobile daily active users, generating untold numbers of casual chats, friendships, dates, and marriages. Our apps, available on iPhone, iPad, and Android in multiple languages, combine product innovation with sophisticated data science to both entertain and connect our audience. The Meet Group has a diversified revenue mix consisting of in-app purchases, subscription, and advertising, and we have offices in New Hope, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Dresden, and Berlin. For more information, visit themeetgroup.com, and follow us on Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn.

The Meet Group is an equal opportunity employer and a participating employer of Everify. We value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.",4.6,"The Meet Group
4.6","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
246,Business Intelligence Specialist,-1,"McLeod Software is the leading developer and provider of transportation management software to trucking and freight brokerage companies in the United States. We are highly respected within the transportation industry, and are growing again! We believe that investing in people who have a natural desire to learn and grow is one of our greatest competitive advantages. Each person has an opportunity to contribute directly to the Company's growth and success - and we look for individuals who take pride in doing that. McLeod Software is seeking a Business Intelligence Specialist for our headquarters in Birmingham, AL.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Provide training and support of the McLeod IQ product and front-end BI tools, as well as Business Analysis (BA) services, to the McLeod IQ customer base. The primary focus will be training customers on using Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Power BI to access the data in the McLeod IQ product to generate analytical reports and dashboards.
Train customers and assist with report building via phone/Web-Ex or on-site 2-3 day visits.
Training to include McLeod IQ terminology, technology overview, and front end reporting tools.
Work closely with customers to determine reporting and analysis requirements, project priorities, and define Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).
Work with customers to define any custom requirements for McLeod IQ and work with McLeod IQ analysts or developers to document functional specifications for these customizations.
Follow through with customers with review and approval of these specifications and Statement of Work (SOW).
Provide first level support for customer reported McLeod IQ issues when in the office.
Assist with development of McLeod IQ training documentation and videos.
Document processes and contribute to reporting template repository for future use.
Collaborate/communicate with teammates and other McLeod teams on project timelines, customizations, and/or any customer issues to ensure a positive customer experience.
Work with the McLeod IQ development team on product improvement initiatives.
Assist with providing support for accounting and financial related reporting.
Ability to travel approximately 30%.


Qualifications:

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to work in a team environment.
Experience and understanding of accounting standards, terms, principles and reports such as: Income Statement, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow, Budgets, Cost Analysis, Revenue Recognition, Accruals, Allocations.
Ability to multi-task.
Have or develop a working knowledge of using Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Power BI for report building and data analytics (knowledge of Tableau, Qlik, Microsoft SSRS, and other BI tools is a plus).
Transportation industry experience is preferred but not required.
Overall knowledge of McLeod's LoadMaster and PowerBroker products is preferred (DocumentPower knowledge is a plus).
Customer Service and Training experience preferred.


Education:

Bachelor's Degree (Business, Information Systems, Computer Science, Finance/Accounting, Logistics, or Data Science preferred)


About Us:

Since 1985, McLeod Software has provided powerful transportation management and trucking software solutions to the trucking industry. These solutions, developed entirely by our company, are comprehensive and support integration with a broad array of complimentary logistics products.

We are the leader when it comes to software for trucking dispatch operations management, freight brokerage management, fleet management, document imaging, workflow, EDI, and business process automation solutions for trucking, freight brokerage, third party logistics, and shipper companies in the United States.

With an established base of more than 850 active customers throughout North America, McLeod Software is dedicated solely to the transportation industry. This focus means we have a deep understanding of the needs and intricate details involved in carrier, broker, and freight management businesses of all types.

McLeod Software owns our national headquarters building in Birmingham, Alabama, and we also operate regional offices with training facilities in Salt Lake City, Utah and Downers Grove, Illinois. We employ more than 500 professionals.

McLeod Software does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are an equal opportunity employer and we participate in E-Verify.",4.2,"McLeod Software
4.2","Birmingham, AL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
247,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary

We are seeking a Sr. Data Engineer who will help develop our next generation products around data aggregation that will leverage AWS technologies for life science companies to provide insights to drive pharma brand success and improve patient outcomes. This person will serve as the technical point person for this solution, working closely with our Data Integration team, Quality Control team, and our offshore development team to advance the data aggregation solution. This is a remote position.
Responsibilities
Must understand company needs to define optimal system specifications.
Plans/ designs the technology solution, built to scale and compliant to security standards.
Communicates system requirements to software development teams.
Provide system architecture, code quality and structure, testing, and participate in development of solution.
Evaluates and selects appropriate tech stack and suggests integration methods & business impact.
Ensures the implementation of agreed architecture and infrastructure.
Work closely with technical architects and project teams to oversee product build/ release..
Resolves project challenges involving scope, design and technical problems when they arise.
Addresses technical concerns, ideas and suggestions.
Monitors systems to ensure they meet both user needs and business goals.
Work with and support various team members- developers, data scientists, product team.
Requirements
Must have a degree in computer science, information technology, or related field.
A minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience with software development in a product development environment.
Experience in project management and service-oriented architecture (SOA).
Experience in developing data platforms/ Big data and cloud technologies (e.g. AWS Glue).
Proficient in DWH/ ETL solutioning and sound knowledge of data models/ structures.
Strong SQL and Python programming skills for data analysis.
In-depth knowledge of various operating systems and databases.
Experience with working with an on-shore/off-shore model, with strong project management expertise.
Problem-solving aptitude, with a willingness to work in a fast-paced product development environment and hands-on mentality to do whatever it takes to deliver a successful product.
Knowledge in developing healthcare analytics solutions is a plus.
Understanding data standardization practices, integrating data, and security related to HIPAA is a plus.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6","King of Prussia, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
248,Senior Electrical Engineer,-1,"Celerity Consulting Group, Inc. has an immediate opening for a Senior Electrical Engineering Consultant in Walnut Creek, CA. This position is ideal for an experienced Engineer who is looking to work as part of a team as well as establish themselves in in a consulting and client-oriented organization, doing process documentation and data management. This position will be part of Celerity’s practice area focused on electric utility support.
Duties & Responsibilities *
Under limited supervision, in the area of expe*rtise:
Provide engineering/technical expertise and guidance in the identification, analysis and resolution of problems
Provides effective planning, organizing estimating, scheduling and monitoring of work activities
Provide thorough and accurate technical reports, correspondence, documentation, calculations and sketches
Ability to work as part of a team providing support to various sized transmission and distribution projects for public-owned and investor-owned electric utilities
Interfaces directly with the client and internal management
Interfacing and communicating with clients, internal project teams, multiple engineering disciplines, functional leaders, subcontractors, and support personnel
Perform various power system calculations and load flow analysis
Proposal development: including scope, schedule and budget development
Qualifications: *
Bachelor’s degree in an Engineering discipline from an accredited school or University is preferred, with 8+ years of relevant experience in Distribution or Transmission Design, Construction or Operations (Electrical Engineering Degree preferred)
Proficient in electrical engineering theories and principles
Master’s Degree, EIT or P.E. is recommended but not required
Must demonstrate recent and in-depth expertise in electric power infrastructure projects and transmission and distribution design
Ability to read and understand engineering drawings and layout and other written or verbal instructions
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Familiarity with electric power industry and knowledge of business issues associated with power delivery services
Advanced user of Microsoft products, specifically Excel, Word, and/or Access
Periodic travel may be necessary
Be comfortable training in a virtual setting (during shelter in place)
Equipment requirements: *
Candidate must have compatible equipment (Desktop or Laptop: PC Windows 10, or MAC OSX with ability to update to newest OSX)
Must have a working camera and mic
Physical requirements: *
Must be able to remain seated for long periods of time
The person in this position frequently communicates with staff/clients who have inquiries
Frequently operates a computer and other office productivity equipment
Must be able to make fast, repeated movements of fingers, hands and wrists
Must be located in California
This position does not qualify for sponsorship or relocation.

Celerity is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veterans’ status or other status protected by applicable law.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $35.00 - $40.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Electrical Engineering: 8 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Company's website:
www.consultcelerity. com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",2.8,"Celerity Consulting Group, Inc.
2.8",California,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
249,Data Engineer,"$53k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Basic Qualifications :

Bachelor’s degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or a Master's degree.

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

A TS/SCI security clearance with the ability to obtain a Polygraph is required at time of hire. Candidates must be able to obtain the Polygraph within a reasonable amount of time from date of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.

Responsibilities for this Position:

Developing mission-critical systems that help keep people safe is what we do. At General Dynamics Mission Systems, you’ll be part of the team that helps heroes make a true impact. The work we do is important. The challenges we face are career-defining. The opportunity we can offer is one-of-a-kind.

We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between.

As a Data Engineer, you’ll lead model and simulation activities as you participate in requirements analysis and management, functional analysis, performance analysis, system design, trade studies, systems integration and test (verification). It’s your chance to step up to the challenge and prove you’re ready to lead the world.

REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS:

We are seeking a Data Engineer to support the Insider Threat mission. Data Engineers work with various security system data owners to automate data integration and collection strategies. Work closely with the data science team to ensure data cleanliness and accuracy.

Support data science team by designing, developing and implementing scalable ETL process for disparate datasets into a Hadoop infrastructure
Design, develop, implement and maintain data ingestion process from various disparate datasets using StreamSets (experience with StreamSets not mandatory)
Develop processes to identify data drift and malformed records
Develop technical documentation and standard operating procedures
Leads technical tasks for small teams or projects

KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Working knowledge of entity resolution systems
Experience with messages systems like Kafka
Experience with NoSQL and/or graph databases like MongoDB or ArangoDB
Any of the following databases: SQL, MongoDB, Oracle, Postgres
Working experience with ETL processing
Working experience with data workflow products like StreamSets or NiFi
Working experience with Python RESTful API services, JDBC
Experience with Hadoop and Hive/Impala
Experience with Cloudera Data Science Workbench is a plus
Understanding of pySpark Leadership experience
Creative thinker
Ability to multi-task
Excellent use and understanding of data engineering concepts, principles, and theories

#CJ3

#CB

Company Overview:

General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 13,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team!

General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran",3.7,"General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1952,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
250,Sr Software Engineer,"$73k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sr Software Engineer
Location


Salt Lake City

Department

IT

Apply Now

USANA Health Sciences is seeking passionate and experienced professionals to join our team as sr. software engineer. In this role, you will work within agile teams and departments to create the best possible solutions for our users.

As a USANA Sr. Software Engineer, you will be tasked to deliver high-quality code, be aware of industry best practices and trends, and have the talent and skills needed to proactively identify and clean up technical debt before long-term issues arise. In addition, you will participate in the initial creation and continual improvement of the team development process and standards will provide mentorship to other USANA engineers via code reviews, code pairing, and will effectively present ideas and concepts to your team. Your ability to be a champion for team process and maintain the highest coding standards possible will be an important aspect to your success.

In this position, you will own the technical design for projects of moderate complexity, understand the trade-offs required in creating good software, effectively troubleshoot and debug software without issue, and will handle and complete complex tasks despite possible roadblocks. As you develop in this position, you will be tasked with breaking large projects down into tasks and subtasks and work effectively and positively within your team.

A successful individual in this position will exemplify USANA’s core values, be passionate about software development, and will be excited to work for a stable and growing company.

Additional Essential Functions
Depth of knowledge in systems that enable them to effectively and quickly debug moderately complex tasks throughout the codebase
Support their ideas with metrics and make data-centric decisions
Understands the business and how their code supports it
Work well with QA and can identify the risk associated with software and communicate it to the appropriate parties
Responsible for projects that encompass more than own development
Qualifications/Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Requirements
5+ years of Sr. Software Engineer experience
Mastery of: Java and Spring; JavaScript & Angular JS; HTML / CSS / JSON; SQL / ORM
Bachelor’s degree in computer science preferred
Polyglot preferred
Understanding of responsive design preferred
We've been around a while. We've done some amazing things. We've climbed to the top of the nutritional supplement industry, touching millions of lives along the way. Founded in 1992 by Dr. Myron Wentz, USANA Health Sciences is a U.S.-based international company that manufactures high-quality supplements, personal care, and energy products in our FDA-registered facility in Salt Lake City, Utah.

USANA is committed to making the highest quality products without compromise. That's why we use only the purest ingredients, stringent quality control, and a manufacturing process that's second-to-none. After all, at USANA we make more than just nutritionals––we help others create their USANA lifestyle. And we are able to do that with teams of incredible employees based around the world.

USANA employees do more than work for our company­––we embody the culture, and we live our company values: Excellence, Integrity, Health, and Community. We are committed to doing whatever it takes to ensure USANA’s direct-selling Associates are supplied with whatever they need to become successful.

USANA Health Sciences will never ask candidates to submit personal identifiable information via email or via attachments. Such information will be only be collected by candidates logging into and submitting via a secure HR management portal. If you are requested to provide information via an unsecure source, please delete the email and contact USANA directly.",3.9,"USANA Health Sciences
3.9","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1992,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
251,STAFF ENGINEER,-1,"McCain Consulting, Inc.*
Position: Staff Engineer

Department: Administration

Supervisor: George McCain, Jr.

Objective:

The Staff Engineer is responsible for

Responsibilities:
Prepare applications for Wastewater, Stormwater, Act 250, MSGP, and CGP permits
Prepare local permitting applications (Zoning, DRB, and other required permits)
Develop strong CAD based design skills
Assist with the design of leachfields and other wastewater and water supply infrastructure under the direction of licensed designers
Work under the direction of licensed designers to design stormwater management systems to comply with Vermont stormwater regulations
Assist licensed surveyor and other field crew members with survey work
Develop a working knowledge of instruments used in the field in order to be interchangeable with field duties
Be available for either solo or team field work for the varying projects
Perform inspections of permitted septic systems as they are installed
Perform inspections of permitted stormwater systems as they are installed
Maintain consistent high quality engineering design and permitting work
Communicate with clients about their projects
Engage in continuing education
Meet project schedules and budgets
Competencies:
Strong organizational, management and interpersonal skills
Ability to work outdoors in all elements and able to lift 50 lbs to collect the required field data for individual projects
Knowledge of Vermont’s local and state land use permitting programs
Computer literacy
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office
Basic abilities to interpret and read site plans
Basic understanding of electronic databases and use of electronic application submission software
Ethical conduct
Work Environment:

This position operates in both an office setting and in the field. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, printers, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines, as well as surveyor field equipment, GPS and surveying supplies.

Physical Demands:

This position requires both desk and field work. In the field: Ability to lift 50 lbs, hike in rough terrain, in all types of weather conditions.

Position type/Hours of work:

This is full-time position, and typical work hours are Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Some flexibility is allowed, but the expectation is the employee is available during the “core” business hours of 9:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. and must work 37.5 hours each week to maintain full-time status.

Travel:

Some travel is required to job sites. If company vehicle is not utilized, employee will be compensated for mileage at the current Federal mileage rate.

Education and Experience:
Preferred education is an Engineering degree
0-2 years related experience in a comparable role
AutoCAD experience is a plus, but not required.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $19.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Overtime
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
During COVID-19 we are pre-screening applicants via telephone and will conduct interviews via zoom if preferred.

Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.mccainconsulting.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/mccainconsulting
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"McCain Consulting, Inc.","Waterbury, VT",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
252,Project Engineer 2,"$45k-$70k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Summary:

With moderate supervision, is responsible for managing all aspects of assigned projects from point of sale to customer acceptance with maximum corporate profit and to perform these activities with the available resources within the constraints of time, cost, and performance/technology. Is responsible for project performance, and technical specifications.

Essential Duties:
Track project status and progress and report weekly.
Resolve issues of project scope and schedule.
Structure project WBS and schedule materials and labor using MRP system.
Issue resolution.
Create powertrain test cell specifications.
Task management.
Sales support.
Primary customer contact for technical issues.
Manage vendors and subcontractors.
Scheduling of materials and resources using MRP system.
Moderate level of travel to customer sites


Extended Duties:
Manage small projects.
Accountable for project costs and overall project gross margin.
Primary customer contact for project contractual and specifications issues.
As a Project Engineer, could be responsible for a variable amount of proposals/estimate. These responsibilities may include
Lead the proposal process and define milestones and requirements for the proposal and estimates.
Ensure that proposal and estimates are complete when required.
Work with all business groups to ensure that scope and risk are accounted for in the proposal.
Work with engineering proposal team to generate materials and labor estimates for projects.
Work with customer and sales engineer to determine project scope and requirements.
Manage change to estimates, record and maintain all estimate documentation and specifications.
Job Requirements:

BS degree in Engineering with at least 3 years engineering design experience, project management experience also preferred. Or MS degree in Engineering with at least 1 years of engineering design experience, project management experience also preferred.

Required
Good communication skills.
Good organization skills.
Self motivated
Leadership qualities
Innovative qualities
Electrical data acquisition theory and practice
Computers and electronics and instrumentation knowledge, understanding
MS Office including MS Project
AutoCAD
Preferred
Working Knowledge of powertrain testing and testing equipment. Dynamometer theory, fuel application, and test applications.
Working knowledge of construction management. Experience using MS Project.
Vehicle electrification, including battery, BMS, electric motor
Knowledge of EPA test procedures and emissions equipment.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met. Individual(s) must be able to successfully and satisfactorily perform each essential duty and responsibility, with or without reasonable accommodation including, but not limited to
Frequently bend, carry, crouch, kneel, lift, reach, sit, stand, stoop, walk, or otherwise move and/or position objects weighing up to (25, 50,) 100 lbs.
Repetitive movement of hands, fingers, arms, legs, feel, touch, reach with hands
May drive vehicle, if needed
Exposure to adverse weather conditions, hazardous chemicals, odors, dirt, dust
Frequent communications, verbal, written, talk, hear
Visually or otherwise identify, observe, assess",3.3,"A&D Technology
3.3","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
253,Senior Automation Control and System Integration Engineer,-1,"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-qPCR regimen based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.
Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.*
Job Responsibilities*
Performing COVID-19 testing at massive scale requires some of the most sophisticated robotic laboratory automation in the world. Reliable operation requires moving data seamlessly between systems, tracking and reporting the state of every sample and system in real-time, managing alerts, and making the data available and actionable in clear web-based dashboards. As part of the Lab IT Operations team, you will:
Take a prominent role in the implementation and operation of critical lab operations information systems
Implement and operate automation and integration systems to ensure data moves from machine to machine in the lab in a reliable and transparent fashion
Implement and operate monitoring and control systems to provide visibility into the state of every sample and every machine in real-time
Take responsibility for successful operation of these systems, troubleshooting issues as they arise
Own existing integrations - address integrations support issues; perform root cause analysis and propose effective solutions; optimize, refactor, enhance, configure, and monitor existing integrations
Understand specifications and requirements for the development/enhancement of interfaces and other types of data exchange
Create tests to validate and stress-test systems
Write and maintain technical procedures and documentation for the systems developed
Job Requirements*
*Four years experience implementing and operating automation systems*
*Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related area and / or equivalent experience / training*
*Proficiency in C# and Python*
Experience with any of the following a plus:
o Automation systems: Green Button Go, VWorks
o LIMS systems: Lockbox
o Dashboard systems: Grafana and Domo
o Cloud compute platform: AWS
o Lab automation systems: Green Button Go, Benchling
o iPaas systems: Mulesoft Mule, Dell Boomi
o Experience with Salesforce Lightning a big plus.
Advanced knowledge of systems integration and deploying complex systems integration solutions
Advanced ability to serve as a technical leader and information resource, and to work collaboratively with senior staff and management across departments, providing advice, counsel, and analysis on issues of functionality, system efficiency, upgrades, integration solutions, and industry advances and trends
Demonstrated ability to create effective documentation
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
254,Sr Platform Engineer,"$124k-$159k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As part of the team at Q you will work alongside a highly skilled group of scientists on cutting edge technology in the measurement, modeling, and analysis of complex processes that take place in human physiology.

Q draws upon engineering, computer science, biology, physics, and applied mathematics to develop multi-scale models of human physiology, in order to create innovative algorithms and tools that allows us to better characterize and understand human health and its pathologies. We offer the opportunity to learn and develop new skills in a dynamic, multidisciplinary environment, in order to build a world where each generation is healthier than the last.

Key Responsibilities

- Gather, analyze, and define requirements for new complex software functionalities with input from R&D team

- Implementation and deployment of new algorithms into commodity high performance computing (HPC) environments

- Develop sustainable software modules through the use of prototyping, clear software design, participating in design reviews

- Develop automated unit and system testing

- Quickly ramp-up and become an expert on state of the art techniques in numeric analysis
Required Qualifications
B.S. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience
3+ years in a statically typed, compiled language such as (C++, Rust, Erlang, Haskell)
Strong scripting languages, such as Python, Ruby, Bash, or Perl
Strong Linux/Unix experience, including command-line tools
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Relentless, self-motivated creative problem solver
Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills
Able to work effectively in high-pressure, fast-moving team environment
Experience with Git/GitHub tooling, including branching, merging and rebasing
Bonus Qualifications
Experience developing applications with parallel computing such as MPI/OpenMP, pthreads.
Experience with numerical and linear algebra libraries
Experience developing high-performance physics simulations / scientific computing
Benefits
Competitive salary and equity in a well-funded, early stage startup
Healthcare, vision, and dental coverage for you and your dependents
Hands-on experience with cutting edge biotech tools, techniques and data including Genomics, Transcriptomics, Epigenetics, Proteomics, Metabolomics, Microbiomics, Radiomics
We have Superconducting Magnets!
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status",4.4,"Q Bio
4.4","Redwood City, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
255,Software Engineer,"$52k-$113k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Software Engineer, you will provide product teams’ software development and product delivery support for the full product stack. In this role, you will be responsible for product delivery and product lifecycle with direction from the Product Owner, the Solution Owner and technical guidance from Solution Architects.

Support software development by providing engineering patterns to deliver the optimal product; including communicating design patterns. Mentor other engineers. Provide overall technical leadership to smaller working teams as needed.
Partner with product owners and business SMEs to analyze the business need and provide a supportable and sustainable engineered solution. Ensure that the overall technical solution is aligned with the business needs.
Drive the creation and modifications of the product portfolio components, identify and engage all technical resources necessary to contribute to the solution. Ensure the solution is consistent with ARC architecture, design and development standards.
Develop applications using industry best practices. Make adjustments to adopt new methodologies that provide the business with increased flexibility and agility.
Stay current with latest development tools, technology ideas, patterns and methodologies; share knowledge by clearly articulating results and ideas to key stakeholders.

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent experience
5+ years of application programming in both front end User Interfaces, server-side application and database queries
5+ years of experience with full cycle application development (Full SDLC experience: design, development, delivery, etc.)
3+ years with Agile, Scrum, DevOps, XP, and Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery
5+ years of experience implementing modern applications using:
Cloud Based Solutions/Technologies (AWS, Google, Azure). AWS developer environment including, but not limited to, Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, S3, Cloudwatch
Implementation of modern application and infrastructure design patterns, including micro-services and containers, disposable, reactive, stateless and distributed patterns
Open source technologies including, but not limited to, NodeJS, OpenJDK, React, Python and NoSql DynamoDB database(s)
DevOps tools including, but not limited to, Terraform/Cloud formation, Jenkins pipeline, GIT, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, Sonar, Nexus, automated test and deployment tools
Data warehouse platforms (such as Teradata, Snowflake, Redshift). Expertise with SQL, database design/structures, ETL/ELT design patterns, datamart structures (star, snowflake schemas, etc.)
Experience with Data Lake concepts and design patterns (AWS S3, parquet, python, lambda, java, hadoop, Spark, noSQL mongoDB, Dynamodb, Athena, etc.)
BI Technologies (such as Tableau, Jasper, Cognos, Qlik, Looker, other)
Understanding of Data Management and Data governance best practices
You'll Also Bring These Professional Skills:
Proven ability to lead a group through an architectural development process and collaborate with stakeholders at all levels
Experience leading small technical teams to mentor and guide multiple-disciplined (full stack) technical teams
Ability to discover and define functional requirements and to transform them into technical requirements and solution definition
Proven ability to influence technology strategy and best practices across peer and leadership groups to support an agile development culture
Outstanding communication skills (verbal and written) and ability to communicate with internal and external customers and all levels of management, including communicating technical information to nontechnical audiences
A strong intellectual curiosity to continually challenge what exists and explore what should be changed to best meet evolving business and market
A strong passion to support peers to help meet timelines on larger projects

Joining ARC means joining a team that is motivated, diverse, creative, collaborative and solutions-oriented. We think big, embrace challenges, and explore new ideas to lead the way for the travel industry.
Our employees value the hands-on learning and professional development opportunities that allow them to expand their skills and grow their career in new, dynamic ways.
We offer a highly competitive, comprehensive benefits package so you can worry less and focus on what truly matters.
By joining ARC, you will partner with top minds in the industry as we use data and technology to innovate how the world travels.
EOE M/F/D/V Females and Minorities Encouraged to Apply",3.9,"Airlines Reporting Corporation
3.9","Tampa, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
256,Data Analytics Engineer,-1,"Our Data Analytics Engineer will engineer elegant and performant analytic code, predominantly in Scala (and Spark), Python and/or R. You will join a growing multi-disciplinary team of Data Scientists, Engineers, and Solutions Experts with deep domain knowledge working to develop new capabilities and workflows to solve real- world client problems.

Your work will include notebook-style ad hoc analytic development (similar to tools such as Beaker, Julia, Zeppelin) within the QOMPLX:OS SaaS platform as well as true server-side analytic development. Projects may include near real-time and batch-oriented data processing for analytics and simulation modeling. As an internal user of the QOMPLX platform, your experience will inform the development of the QOMPLX product suite to improve capability, usability and performance.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong work ethic, fantastic attitude and be comfortable tackling any challenge set before him or her. We provide significant flexibility and autonomy to team members, have high expectations and expect everyone to contribute meaningfully to our broader collective goals.

Responsibilities
Engineer data pipelines that handle collection, parsing, cleansing and enrichment of terabytes/petabytes of data to meet the clients analytics needs
Developing state-of-the-art analytics ranging from ad hoc analysis to production-grade pipelines and workflows
Providing mathematical algorithms and implementations to serve the needs of data analysis workflows in QOMPLXs modular SaaS platform
Build model management frameworks for data analytics that include both statistical and machine learning models
Understanding customer business challenges and sourcing the most appropriate data sets, algorithms, and architectures (using QOMPLX OS) to solve them quickly and cost-effectively
Own the end to end model development lifecycle and establish and adhere to best practices
Working collaboratively to ensure consistent and performant approaches for analytical code that is integrated with our commercial offerings
Interacting directly with Product, Business Analysts and Customer Success teams to support live customer deployments
Qualifications
Reside in the greater Washington D.C. area or able to relocate
Bachelor's Degree or 8 years of relevant work experience
2+ years of data analytics experience that includes data engineering & analytics
Proven expertise in Machine learning algorithms, libraries & technologies including Neural Networks
Expert knowledge of Scala and/or Python
Expert knowledge of SQL and NoSQL technologies
Experience with agile development within commercial projects or elite non-commercial research
Adept at learning and applying new technologies and solving new problems
Hands on expertise in data analytic technologies such as Apache Spark, Apache Flink, MLOps Pipelines and notebooks like Polynote/Jupyter
Experience blending analytic and simulation modeling approaches to problem solving
Effective organizational skills with strong attention to detail
Strong communication skills - both written and verbal
Desirable
Experience with graph databases and cyber security
Advanced mathematical modeling skills
About QOMPLX

QOMPLX applies artificial intelligence to solve complex, real-world problems at scale. Our Human+AI operating system, QOMPLX:OS, blends capabilities ranging from data handling, analytics, and reporting to advanced algorithms, simulations, and machine learning, enabling decisions that are just-in-time, just-in-place, and just-in-context. If this type of environment sounds exciting reach out to us directly via application at https://www.QOMPLX .com/careers with a resume and cover letter.

QOMPLX offers a competitive salary, a full range of benefits, including 401(k) and medical, dental & vision coverage, flexible Personal Time Off (PTO) plan and 10+ paid holiday days per year",3.4,"QOMPLX
3.4","Tysons Corner, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
257,Tooling & Data Visualization Engineer,-1,"At TGS, data is a core part of our business and influences every aspect of the work that we do. To help our team gain deeper insight and work more effectively, were searching for a talented engineer with a passion for visualization and a flair for making systems and data more accessible and easier to understand.

Our research and technical environment is large and highly complex, and the range of potential tool and visualization projects is nearly endless, so were looking for someone with a thoughtful approach to working with internal users (researchers and engineers) and figuring out where there is the greatest opportunity for impact and improvement. The ideal candidate will bring a strong programming background and a combination of curiosity, creativity, and the ability to drive projects from conception through to a finished product.

Successful candidates will have experience in a number of the following general areas:
Data visualization: experience creating elegant visualizations for complex systems, tools, and data sets
Programming: strong experience with JavaScript, Python, D3, or similar tools and frameworks.
Applications: experience designing, developing, and maintaining software applications
Collaboration: working across teams and functional areas to define needs, identify opportunities, and make sure projects move forward .
Leadership: an ability to work independently, set priorities, collaborate with others, and deliver quality products.
About TGS Management Company

For almost three decades, the TGS team has built quantitative trading systems that have produced exceptional results across a range of financial markets. We use scientific methods and engineering discipline to solve challenging problems and develop technology solutions. Our Irvine office is as unique as our Southern California location, combining elements of high tech, finance, and applied research in a collegial atmosphere and beautiful workspace.

As an employer, we are small, discreet, and highly selective. We look for talented people with proven track records of performance and achievement, and are far more interested in aptitude and potential than expertise in any particular technology, tool set, or professional domain. If you're inspired by the idea of working on interesting problems with exceptional colleagues, we invite you to share your resume and explore the possibility of joining our team.

Applicants residing in California may find our CCPA notice to California residents HERE.",5.0,"TGS Management Company
5.0","Irvine, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
258,Data Operations Engineer,"$48k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Modernizing Medicine, we look for passionate, innovative, creative Rock Stars!
Inc. Magazine Best Workplaces of 2020
Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America - 2015 - 2019
Best Use of Technology in Customer Service (Gold) - Customer Sales and Service World Awards® - 2019
Customer Service Department of the Year (Gold) - Customer Sales and Service World Awards - 2018
South Florida Business Journal Fastest Growing Technology Company - 2016 - 2018
Customer Success Team of the Year by SIIA's Company CODiE - 2017
People's Choice UX Award for modmed® Kiosk - 2017
Modernizing Medicine is delivering truly disruptive and transformative products and services that will impact the healthcare industry. The work we do makes a difference. Our web and mobile applications are transforming healthcare information technology to increase practice efficiency and improve patient outcomes. We offer end-to-end specialty-specific solutions from practice management, through EMR to Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) that maximize office interactions, patient visits, collections and reimbursements.

Modernizing Medicine is looking for an exceptional Data Operations Engineer with a passion for technology to help revolutionize the world of Healthcare IT. Data Operations Engineers are at the core of a data-driven business; they build and maintain the infrastructure that empowers customers, analysts, and data scientists to drive insights. We've built a team of passionate, creative, and innovative engineers and data scientists that are changing the world and having fun doing it!

You may be a great fit for Mod Med's Data Operations Engineer opportunity, IF
You are a gifted Data Operations Engineer with a background in large scale data engineering support.
You will enjoy using technology to automate solutions and optimize outcomes focusing on data engineering, continuous integration, and continuous deployment
You are a collaborator. You thrive in environments that freely exchange ideas and viewpoints.
You are an innovator that believes in making a difference and having fun doing it.
You are passionate about data and in being a part of a tight-knit Data Operations team.
Your Role:
Automate, deploy and operate data pipelines
Automate build, deployment, and quality processes
Implement facilities to monitor all aspects of the data pipeline
Manage data in Spark and other environments using scripts and automation
Communicate and/or address build, deployment and operational issues as they come up
Implement, administer, and support the Qliksense systems
Installations, Upgrades, Patches, Backups of the Data Operations systems
Maintain documentation of Data Operations systems and processes
Support the data usage needs of downstream analytics teams
Ensure availability meets or exceed agreed-upon SLAs
Participate in a 24x7 on-call rotation for critical issues
Skills & Requirements:
BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
Experience managing data in relational databases and developing ETL pipelines
Experience using Spark SQL or other Big Data tools
Experience implementing and administering logging, telemetry and monitoring tools like ops view
Experience using AWS or other cloud services
Experience scripting for automation and config management (Chef, Puppet, Ansible)
Experience with orchestration software such as Airflow or Luigi
Fluent in at least one scripting or systems programming language (Python, Ruby, Bash, Go, Rust, Crystal, etc.)
Deep Knowledge of the Linux and Windows operating systems (OS, networking, process level)
Strong problem-solving skills
Interest in DevOps style engineering teams - we operate what we build!
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong commitment to quality, architecture, and documentation.
Experience working with the Qlik Sense product in a large-scale enterprise environment a plus
Experience with Tableau and Domo a plus
Modernizing Medicine Benefit Highlights:
Your compensation is a combination of base salary and bonus potential.
Health Insurance, 401(k), Vacation, Employee Assistance Program, Flexible Spending Accounts.
Weekly catered breakfast and lunch, treadmill workstations, quarterly onsite massages, onsite dry cleaning, onsite car wash and many more!",4.2,"Modernizing Medicine, Inc.
4.2","Boca Raton, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
259,Data Engineer,"$50k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

We are expanding our efforts into complementary data technologies for decision support in areas of ingesting and processing large data sets including data commonly referred to as semi-structured or unstructured data. Our interests are in enabling data science and search based applications on large and low latent data sets in both a batch and streaming context for processing. To that end, this role will engage with team counterparts in exploring and deploying technologies for creating data sets using a combination of batch and streaming transformation processes. These data sets support both off-line and in-line machine learning training and model execution. Other data sets support search engine based analytics. Exploration and deployment of technologies activities include identifying opportunities that impact business strategy, collaborating on the selection of data solutions software, and contributing to the identification of hardware requirements based on business requirements. Responsibility also includes coding, testing, and documentation of new or modified scalable analytic data systems including automation for deployment and monitoring. This role participates along with team counterparts to develop solutions in an end-to-end framework on a group of core data technologies.

Responsibilities:

JOB DUTIES

Contribute to the evaluation, research, experimentation efforts with batch and streaming data engineering technologies in a lab to keep pace with industry innovation
Work with data engineering related groups to inform on and showcase capabilities of emerging technologies and to enable the adoption of these new technologies and associated techniques
Contribute to the definition and refinement of processes and procedures for the data engineering practice
Work closely with data scientists, data architects, ETL developers, other IT counterparts, and business partners to identify, capture, collect, and format data from the external sources, internal systems and the data warehouse to extract features of interest
Code, test, deploy, monitor, document and troubleshoot data engineering processing and associated automation
Perform other duties as assigned
Conform with all company policies and procedures

REPORTING RELATIONSHIP

Data Integration Manager US

Qualifications:

Knowledge

Experience with processing large data sets with Kafka, RabbitMQ, Flume, Hadoop, HBase, Cassandra and/or Spark or similar distributed system
Experience with NoSQL data stores such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase, Redis, Riak or other technologies that embed NoSQL with search such as MarkLogic or Lily Enterprise
Experience or familiarity with ETL and Business Intelligence technologies such as Informatica, DataStage, Ab Initio, Cognos, BusinessObjects or Oracle Business Intelligence

Skills

Ability to quickly prototype and perform critical analysis and use creative approaches for solving complex problems
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Education

High School Diploma or equivalent required
Bachelor’s Degree in related field or equivalent work experience preferred

Experience

2-4 years of hands-on experience with SQL, data modeling, and relational databases such as Oracle, DB2 and Postgres required
Minimum of 1 year of experience with software engineering to include Java, Scala and Python required #LI-TS1",3.2,"GM Financial
3.2","Arlington, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1992,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
260,Sr. Data Engineer (Data Warehouse),"$124k-$219k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Opportunity

We are looking for cloud Sr. Data Engineer to join our Enterprise Data Engineering team. Today, the team primarily develops and supports a legacy SQL BI/DW platform today but is embarking on a 2020 roadmap to modernize our data architecture in the public cloud. This is a unique greenfield opportunity to influence a major transformational initiative and implement a modern big data reference architecture that will drive enterprise analytics. The cloud Sr. Data Engineer will be part of a team supporting data pipeline development and management built primarily on the Google Cloud Platform and BigQuery.

Responsibilities:
Define and develop data pipeline solutions– architect end to end design, mapping, and hands-on development - for GCP, following integration, security and development best practices.
Work with Enterprise Architecture, Data Management, DevOps, QA, Release Management, Change Management teams through the lifecycle of the project and agile sprints for promoting continuous data pipeline releases.
Manage integration of data from various data sources, both internal and external
SME on GCP, BQ, Dataflow, Pub Sub, cloud functions, Dataproc
Follow Incident and Problem Management processes in providing production support, utilizing organizational ITIL processes.
Work with internal business and technical partners to collect and document the functional and non-functional requirements in JIRA stories for business projects and technical enhancements.
Collaborate with internal developers and internal stakeholders from e-Commerce, ERP, Salesforce, business team and product development teams in evolving the Enterprise BI Center for Excellence.
Qualifications:
7+ years of experience implementing data warehousing solutions including public cloud big data platforms.
A well-grounded data engineer, technically skilled in modern big data principles and technologies.
Experience with GCP Big Data platform is strongly preferred (BigTable, BigQuery, Data Fusion)
Prefer experience in data pipeline development in SQL, Python, Spark, DataProc, and event-streaming
Working knowledge and experience in Google Cloud Data Fusion, Cask, Airflow
Excellent Python coding and SQL skills
Familiarity with pub/sub event streaming platforms (e.g. Kafka) is beneficial
Prior experience developing ETL/ELT solutions for enterprise analytics
Strong understanding of modern big data technologies
Good understanding of various data file formats
Familiar with Confluence, JIRA. Should be comfortable working in Field Mappings between Source, Target Systems, creating Design Documents and following Agile Sprints methodology.
Support new launch hyper-care and be well-versed with Integration Cutover & Go-Live activities.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with excellent verbal and oral communication is mandatory
Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task, prioritize and execute on assigned deliverables
Able to work with ambiguity and the ability to troubleshoot and problem solve with minimal supervision and guidance.
Able to handle fast-paced environment supporting Operations and Engineering activities simultaneously.
Ability to communicate effectively to all layers with business, technology, peers, and management.
The Company

Rodan + Fields was founded in 2000 by Stanford-trained dermatologists Dr. Katie Rodan and Dr. Kathy Fields with a passion for giving people the best skin of their lives — and the confidence that comes with it. With effective products, a unique business model and a powerful community of Independent Consultants, Rodan + Fields has disrupted the skincare category to become a leading skincare brand in North America. The company has grown its innovative line of products and expanded into Canada, Australia and Japan. Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, R+F now employs 500+ people, has more than 300,000 enrolled Independent Consultants and over two million Preferred Customers.

At Rodan + Fields, you will be challenged to make an impact, inspired to do more, and rewarded for your contributions. We are transforming skincare, and we welcome your big ideas to fuel our ambitious growth plans! If you are looking for a life-changing career opportunity, we've got your prescription. You’ll become part of a positive, passionate movement that celebrates greatness and encourages employees to be catalysts for change. We provide a creative, vibrant workplace outfitted with all of the technology, tools and training you'll need to learn, grow and thrive! We create life-changing impact in our communities through our non-profit, Prescription for Change®, the heart of Rodan + Fields. By funding empowerment programs for students, we teach them how to use their skills to make life-changing differences in their lives and the lives of others. Join us and share your talents as we develop innovative solutions for your skin and empower entrepreneurs. In addition to working arm-in-arm with industry leaders, employees at Rodan + Fields enjoy rich benefits plans and perks.

Rodan + Fields is an equal opportunity employer that champions diversity, inclusion and equality for all. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status.

We welcome employees to be their true, authentic selves, without exception and believe individual differences add value to our team. Join our team; we know it will be a life- changing experience!

Regarding COVID-19
With the spread of COVID-19 globally, our Bay Area offices will remain closed until further notice with the exception of phase 1 employees that require access to hardware and lab equipment.

Our primary concern is for the health and well-being of our employees as well as candidates. We have transitioned all interviews and new hire onboarding to be conducted virtually via Zoom video conferencing.",2.4,"Rodan and Fields, LLC
2.4","San Ramon, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
261,Instrument Controls Computer Hardware Software Engineer,-1,"Job Number: *WFS-2020-95
Job Title: *Instrument & Controls Computer Hardware/Software Engineer
Supervisor: *
Status: *Full Time
Location: *WIPP / Carlsbad, NM
CONTINGENT UPON CONTRACT AWARD*
_Per Diem is available for those who qualify_*
For consideration, please include a resume clearly outlining your experience and qualifications and provides a minimum of three professional references. If your experience meets job requirements, we will contact you for additional application process steps.

Waséyabek Federal Services, LLC (WFS) is a subsidiary of Waséyabek Development Company, LLC (WDC), providing services to the Federal marketplace. WDC is a legal entity, created and wholly owned by the Nottawaseppi Huron Band of the Potawatomi (NHBP), a Federally recognized Indian Tribe. WDC is committed to fostering the development of a stable, diversified economy for members of the Band which will contribute to their long-term wealth and economic self-sufficiency while managing risk and creating quality employment opportunities.
JOB DUTIES
Assume responsibility for completion of detail phases of assigned projects under direction of project/and cognizant engineering
Provide detailed solutions to assigned engineering problems
Make engineering and design calculations applying basic engineering principles, theories and concepts
Prepare technical reports and other technical documents such as procedures and operation and maintenance manuals
Prepare cost estimates related to assigned technical projects; prepare engineered work packages under supervision for construction or modification of equipment and facilities
Analyze specific equipment or system failures of limited scope and recommend repairs, modifications, or appropriate corrective actions through application of basic engineering principles
Provide general functional requirements to perform basic design of new equipment/systems or modification of existing equipment/systems
Provide engineering support to other groups
Make technical presentations
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Ten (10) years I&C and HW/SW Engineering experience in design, systems or programs engineering, OR Six to Nine (6-9) years I&C and HW/SW Engineering experience with engineering application experience.
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (Instrumentation, Control, and Automation) or related engineering discipline, with work experience in I&C and HW/SW Engineering required.
Relevant job experience in lieu of the education requirements may be considered on a case-by-case basis, with specific customer approval.
DOE experience, preferred
Specialty areas include
Process Computer
Process Controls
Data Acquisition
Nuclear instrumentation
Control Room Displays
Control room distributed controls systems
Instrumentation Calibrations and refurbishments
Substantial equipment replacements and refurbishments
Thorough understanding of engineering principles, theories and concepts and microcomputer applications
Ability to deliver oral presentations to convey technical findings and recommendations
Ability to write, clear, concise and organized memos and reports
JOB REQUIREMENTS
Sound communication skills to effectively interface with internal and external customers
Able to work well in the field and take ownership of assigned system equipment mechanical and electrical control systems
Able to work with groups to provide overlapping support to other engineers while possibly working on several assigned tasks
Able to clearly communicate technical information to non-technical personnel both verbally as well as in writing
Able to expand skill set beyond own discipline to include understanding of control systems, interfaces with other electrical, mechanical, and structural systems
Able to work in an industrial and construction site environment including walking over uneven surfaces, in the underground mine, and over long distances with periods of standing
HIRING PREFERENCE
Native American & Veteran Hiring Preferences will be applied in accordance with WFS policy.

Waséyabek Federal Services is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $10.00 - $100.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Experience:
I&C HW/SW Engineering: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Company's website:
www.wfedservices.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Waseyabek Federal Services, LLC","Carlsbad, NM",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
262,Data Scientist,"$70k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Position at Homes.com

Homes.com is looking for a Data Scientist in Norfolk, VA to join our team of IT professionals. You'll be working with our Business Intelligence Team to support and grow our premier real estate portal. You'll participate in technical research, developing models, data analysis, machine learning and be expected to bring your own ideas to the table to help keep us innovating.

Responsibilities:
Forecast site traffic for use in inventory calculations
Analyze and report on trends such as home valuations
Develop suggestion models
Help develop image classification models
Requirements:
BS or MS in computer science, data science, mathematics or other related field
2+ Years working as a Data Scientist
1+ Years Experience working with Time Series modeling
Experience working with Jupyter Notebooks
Experience working in R and Python
Experience providing Statistical Analysis
Nice to Haves:
Experience working in a cloud environment
Experience working with a relational database

About Homes.com

Homes.com offers today's demanding home buyers, renters and those somewhere in between a simply smarter home search. With features like Homes.com Match, HomeShare and Snap & Search, homeshoppers now have a more personalized way to search for their next home. Since its launch over 25 years ago, Homes.com offers real estate professionals brand and property advertising, search engine marketing and instant response lead generation to help them succeed online. For more information, visit Homes.com.

About DE

Dominion Enterprises (DE) is a leading digital marketing and software services company offering client solutions across multiple business verticals. Our customers rely on our B2B cloud SaaS solutions to establish their online and mobile brands, generate leads, and manage customer relationships through our Homes.com, Dominion Dealer Solutions, Dominion Business Solutions / DX1, Travel Media and Franchise and Business Opportunity divisions. Our B2C web and mobile applications include Homes.com, HotelCoupons.com, FranchiseOpportunities.com, FranchiseGator.com, Franchise.com, and BusinessBroker.net.
About 2,000 employees reside and work in our Norfolk, VA home office and in offices across the U.S. Our employees will tell you about our collaborative, innovative, team-oriented work environment, excellent career enrichment opportunities, community service opportunities, competitive earnings, and a comprehensive benefits package that includes a generous 401(k). DE is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workforce. DE is a drug-testing employer.",4.2,"Homes.com
4.2","Norfolk, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
263,Lead Engineer- IT/OT Systems and Platforms,"$61k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Space Dynamics Laboratory (SDL), is seeking a Senior IT Systems and Platform Engineer to lead the engineering and development of a space systems research laboratory in Albuquerque, NM. The ideal Engineer thrives in a fast-paced, leading-edge research environment and can leverage modern IT/OT systems to enable the exploration, development, and integration of leading-edge space system hardware and software.

SDL, a University Affiliated Research Center (UARC), has been developing innovative technologies and solutions for cutting-edge DoD and intelligence programs for almost six decades. Our expertise is in space and airborne IR, VIS, UV, and RF sensors, small satellite technologies, test and calibration, cybersecurity, data visualization and assurance, and ground stations.

Responsibilities:

· Direct the design and implementation of IT/OT-based research capabilities on-premise and in the cloud with the long-term in mind

· Implement the solutions with the team of SDL and subcontracted engineers and system administrators

· Define rules of engagement and oversee day-to-day operations of the lab

· Work with multi-disciplinary teams to create and define system requirements for upcoming experiments

· Manage the laboratory facility’s rules of engagement and facilitate use of the lab for research teams

· Inform management and recommend courses of action while maintaining open lines of communication with customers and associate contractors, including other Federally funded Research and Development Centers (FFRDCs) and UARCs· Familiar with DoD security requirements and operations

· Consult with experiment/research teams to maximize lab capabilities to ensure desired metrics can be captured and assessed

· Develop and apply advanced methods, theories and techniques in system testing

· Evaluate vendor capabilities to provide required products or services

· Build, operate, and maintain an Agile-based DevOps Pipeline integrating multiple program partners

Required Qualifications:

· BS in Engineering or Computer Science

· 8+ years of relevant experience in in IT systems engineering, network engineering, and/or cloud architecture and implementation

· Comfortable with Linux, VM, and container solutions

· Comfortable troubleshooting complex networked and data center-based solutions

· Can design networks and interconnect multiple communications protocols

· Understand DevOps tools and can implement and integrate the tools

· Familiar with DoD security requirements and operations

· Strong communications skills, both written and verbal

· Must be a US citizen and be able to obtain a DoD security clearance

· Must be able to travel as required

Preferred Qualifications:

· HW and SW test experience including functional and system testing

· Experience testing several of the following: embedded systems, networks, FPGAs, complex software solutions, space systems, cloud-based solutions and architecture, DevOps/DevSecOps

· Knowledge of one or more of the following: TCP/IP, Spacewire, CCSDS, ground control stations, I2C, CANBUS, RF Testing, Open Source Cloud technologies

· Familiar with cybersecurity testing requirements

· Familiar with the space system architectures

· Experience working with FFRDCs, DoD and contract organizations

· Cloud Infrastructure experience and certifications

· Experience hardening and managing computer systems to meet DoD requirements for classified environments

· Active TS/SCI

SDL Benefits:

At SDL, we take pride in and highly value our employees. SDL offers competitive salaries and a fantastic benefits package, including:

· Flexible work schedules

· Generous annual, sick, and holiday paid leave

· A variety of inexpensive-premium, high-quality health, dental, vision, and life insurance options

· Generous employer retirement contribution (Up to 14.2% of annual gross earnings)

· Discounted USU tuition of 50% for employees and dependents

· Access to USU facilities and USU staff privileges

Instructions to applicants:

Along with the online application, please attach:

1) Cover Letter

2) Resume

Once you’ve completed the initial application, you will receive an e-mail requesting you to complete a video digital interview. For more information, please visit: https://hirevue.secure.force.com/E2Candidate/?lang=en_US

Please contact us if you do not receive a confirmation email within 24 hours of applying.

AA/EOE",4.5,"Space Dynamics Laboratory
4.5","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1959,Nonprofit Organization,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
264,Senior Data Engineer,"$91k-$166k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our Data Warehouse team is looking to add a Senior Data Engineer. Qualified applicants will have 5-7 years’ experience in a Data Engineer position with a background supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency, and workload management. Ideal candidates will be experts in Talend, Python, Snowflake, CID and SQL.

Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job duties
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture, including building a data pipeline infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL , cloud based relational or non-relational databases employing Talend, and/or scripting languages like Perl/Python
Build complex data platforms, and large scale CI/CD data pipelines utilizing a variety of technologies (REST APIs, Teamcity, Jennkis) and cloud databases (Snowflake)
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements, including automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in the organization’s data integration platform
Collaborate with technical staff to identify, learn, and understand software problems
Follow established configuration/change control processes
Identify options for potential solutions and assessing them for both technical and business suitability
Work closely with peers, stakeholders, and end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction
Essential Skills
A minimum of 5 years of developing ETL processes using Talendnformatica including the processing of NoSQL and JSON formats. Talend Certification preferred.
Strong skills with Ant, Maven, GIT, Jenkins, TeamCity.
Experience in writing Jenkins, Teamcity pipeline groovy, PowerShell scripts
Strong skills in source code repository tools such as Clear Case, SVN, CVS, and Git.
Advanced working knowledge in scripting languages, including Python, Perl and Shell.
Deep understanding of ETL, ELT, Talend, Informatica, Hadoop
Demonstrate independence, creativity, and initiative; as well as the ability to master the company's product architecture and its business goals
Experience in working in an Agile project management environment
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills
Superb verbal and written communication skills
Location: San Jose, CA 95134

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position",3.3,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.3","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
265,Electrical Controls Engineer,-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION: *
Responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining electrical control systems for all custom industrial deburring, parts washing, metal finishing machines and panel building equipment. Works on multiple equipment projects at the same time and is responsible for all electrical – related aspects of each project, from initial electrical design to installation and commissioning. Will use SolidWorks electrical software to model various electrical components, enclosures, panel layouts and wiring schematics as needed for new designs and re-design of existing machines. Works with various customer-submitted industrial equipment specifications as they relate to the electrical portion of the equipment order, write programmable logic controller (PLC) programs along with programs for operator touch screens that are used in the machines, inspect the electrical portion of used equipment that is returned for rebuild, confer with vendors and work with purchasing to specify electrical components needed for projects, and work with customers during equipment build and commissioning. Travel as required to troubleshoot and service equipment in the field. May require international travel.
Essential Functions: *
· Design functional electrical systems through the development and testing of components.

· Research and specify components for electrical equipment and systems.

· Devise testing methods and properties to confirm the functionality of electrical components and systems.

· Uses standard product engineering data to develop electrical controls.

· Develop electrical products and systems to meet customer specifications.

· Develop schematics for electrical controls, model enclosures and electrical assemblies based on schematics.

· Research manufacturing processes to find innovative processes to improve or modify current methods.

· Communicate engineering information across departments to facilitate successful completion of projects.

· Perform detailed calculations using algebraic, trigonometric, and geometric formulas to establish standards and specifications.

· Inspect installations and observe operations to ensure compliance with design and equipment specifications and safety standards.
OTHER DUTIES: *
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
Qualifications: *
· Bachelor’s Degree in electrical engineering, electrical engineering technology or related field is required.

· Experience with three-phase industrial electrical system design and a general working knowledge of industrial machinery is required.

· Preferred experience in wiring and panel building.

· Preferred experience in programming and troubleshooting a variety of PLC’s and operator touch screens.

· Computer skills to include a working knowledge of SolidWorks software and Microsoft Office products.

· Experience programming FANUC robots beneficial.

· Knowledge of ISO/QS certification – preferably with and through ISO/QS certification.

· Ability to analyze problems and select proper corrective action.

· Good written and verbal communications.

· Ability to organize tasks and work independently.

· Knowledge of UL, ULC, CE, CSA, NEC, NFPA requirements

This description reflects the principal functions of the job for the purpose of job evaluation. It should not be construed as a detailed description of all work requirements of the job nor shall be construed as giving exclusive responsibility for every function described.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.7,"Almco Innovance Inc
2.7","Albert Lea, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1972,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
266,Cybersecurity Systems Engineer - Secret Clearance Required,-1,"Job Summary*
The candidate will support a variety of security and engineering activities across Cybersecurity, Risk Management, C&A or A&A, Information Assurance oversight, technical support and documentation, as specified in the DoD Instruction 8500.01 and SECNAV Instruction 5239.3B. Primarily candidates will be expected to support data gathering, accreditation package development for systems covered under DIACAP or RMF. Candidates holding a current Navy Validator endorsement may also provide validation services for specific systems and artifacts. Candidates will support laboratory device testing for impacts to performance functionality and security compliance as well as assessments of system hardening through the review of Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG) and Security Requirements Guides (SRG). Candidates may support other system assessment events as well.
Responsibilities and Duties*
The candidate is expected to be able to perform, but is not limited to, the following activities:
Author DoD IA Accreditation artifacts
Document a system from an IA perspective using Microsoft Office including MS Word, MS Excel and MS Visio and other appropriate tools such as eMASS and VRAM.
Derive, document and/or identify system CONOPS for Mission Assurance Categorization per DoDI 8500.2.
Research and recommend logical and physical solutions that prevent, detect and correct the system to be certified and accredited.
Apply DISA Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs) and NSA recommendations.
Identify disagreements between as built specifications, security requirements and DoD security policies and recommend approaches to bring the system into compliance.
Author and revise system requirements and specifications to meet DoD security policies.
Perform vulnerability tests using manual techniques, Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS) and other similar and appropriate IA and security tools.
Plan, execute and document risk assessments against known vulnerabilities based upon security approaches and known hacker techniques and exploits.
Identify and perform security analysis of connectivity relationships between the subject US Naval warfare system and the equipment to which it interfaces, both physically and virtually.
ations

Candidates must be able to conduct themselves in a professional manner within office, laboratory, or operational military environments. Candidates should be able to periodically lift up to 50 lbs. for short periods of time (e.g. lifting/moving laboratory equipment).
Required knowledge and years of experience*
Five (5) years professional systems engineering experience with a DoD major platform, weapon, Command and Control (C2), or fire control systems program, with five (5) years concurrent experience as a team leader performing system engineering and mission engineering efforts that include developing requirements, top level designs and system architectures for software intensive systems. This includes experience related to the identification, analysis and resolution of complex systems engineering design issues involving platform, weapon, C2, and fire control systems for Navy/Joint warfighting capabilities.

Specialized Cyber-Security Systems Engineering Experience – Three (3) years generalized cyber-security experience in preparing and submitting documentation for obtaining Navy/DoD security A&A of major weapon systems. Two (2) years of this experience supporting engineering efforts to obtain the A&A of the weapon systems via RMF or predecessor processes. As per DoD Directive 8570, this position shall require IAM level II certification or higher. This position shall also require an IT-1 level clearance.
Education Requirements*
A Bachelor’s of Science (BS) degree from an accredited college or university in an engineering, scientific, or technical discipline, or four (4) years of a demonstrated and established knowledge base and relevant subject matter expertise relating to the qualification requirements of the position; or US Naval operational experience at the E7 level or higher.
Certifications*
Minimum of a DoD 8570.01-M IAM Level II certification (CISSP, CAP, CASP+ CE, CISM, GSLC or CCSIO) AND computing environment (e.g. Windows, Linux, Cisco, etc.) certification or training.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Cyber Security: 7 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
License:
DOD 8570 or IAM Level II (Required)
Secret Clearance (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.8,"Systems Technology Forum Ltd
3.8","Dahlgren, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
267,Senior Software Engineer,-1,"Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a related field or equivalent experience

Preferred Qualifications

2 years of experience in programming in Angular, Cocoa, Objective C, C#, HTML, .NET, PHP, Java, Progress or other programming languages
2 years of experience in software testing and design
2 years of experience in database management as it relates to software development
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office Suite

Job Summary

The Software Engineer will use various programming languages to develop, improve, test and/or maintain software that meets user needs.

Responsibilities

Design, develop or modify software by using various programming languages depending on the need of the product(s)
Modify existing software to fix errors, improve the overall quality and functionality or update integrations with other software
Analyze user needs to determine how software should be built or if existing software should be modified
Develop and/or perform software automated testing procedures, solutions and frameworks to ensure software functions as needed
Translate business requirements and specifications into usable and scalable software
Process and understand capabilities and limitations of data outputs from the software
Participate in design and code reviews
Assist with delivery estimates
Determine and execute software deployment process

Disclaimer

This is an outline of the primary responsibilities of this position. As with everything in life, things change. The tasks and responsibilities can be changed, added to, removed, amended, deleted and modified at any time by the leadership group.",-1,Quicken Loans,"Detroit, MI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
268,Data Engineer,"$108k-$192k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

The data team designs, implements and scales data pipelines that transform raw data into actionable models and metrics that enable insight. This team owns the pipelines that transport and process database data from all of Asana's product surfaces. We build and operate the infrastructure and services that ensure data accuracy and data availability for data scientists, analysts, and business and product teams.

We are looking for a data engineer to found our product data engineering team. This team will have ownership of the core data pipelines powering Asana's metrics and partner with our existing data infrastructure team, data science team, and cross-functional partners to help evolve our analytic data model as data volume grows and new needs arise to support the growth of the business.

What you'll achieve
Architect, build, and launch scalable data pipelines to support Asana's growing data processing and analytics needs. Some upcoming projects you may work on include designing and implementing pipelines that deliver data with high quality, consistency, and timeliness. Evangelize high-quality software engineering practices for building data infrastructure and pipelines at scale.
Produce foundational data tables and metrics with clear definitions, lineage, and test coverage to ensure that data is reliable, intelligible, and maintainable
Understand and influence logging frameworks and practices to support our data flow, architecting logging best practices where needed
Implement systems to track data quality and consistency
Partner with business domain experts, data scientists and analysts, and engineering teams to build a roadmap for foundational data sets that are aligned with business goals and that enable self-service. Some upcoming projects you may work on include evolving data models and schemas based on business, product, and engineering needs to facilitate data-driven decisions and features across Asana. Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources; develop relationships with product engineering teams to manage our analytic data model as the Asana product evolves.
About you
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Engineering, or a related quantitative field, or equivalent experience
5+ years of industry experience in software engineering or data engineering
Experience using coding languages Python, Java, Scala
Experience using workflow management engines (e.g. Airflow, Luigi, Prefect, Dagster, digdag.io, Google Cloud Composer, AWS Step Functions, Azure Data Factory, UC4, Control-M)
Experience with Hadoop or similar ecosystem (MapReduce, Yarn, HDFS, Hive, Spark, Presto, Pig, HBase, Parquet)
Effective in working across team boundaries to establish overarching data architecture, and provide guidance to individual teams
Expertise in relational databases and query authoring (SQL)
About us

At Asana, we're building a better way to work, fueled by transparency, inclusion, and technology that is a force for positive change. Asana is a work management platform that helps teams orchestrate their work, from daily tasks to strategic initiatives, so they can move faster and accomplish more with less. For the past 5 years, we've been named a top workplace, including top 10 Great Place to Work Best Small & Medium Workplaces, #1 Fortune Best Workplaces in the Bay Area, #8 Fortune Best Workplaces for Women, and one of Ireland's Best Workplaces. With offices all over the world, we are always looking for curious, collaborative, and mission-driven people to help us enable the world's teams to work together effortlessly.

We believe in supporting people to do their best work and thrive, and building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive company is core to our mission. Our goal is to ensure that Asana upholds an inclusive environment where all people feel that they are equally respected and valued, whether they are applying for an open position or working at the company. We welcome applicants of any educational background, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, citizenship, socioeconomic status, disability, and veteran status.

More information:
Rethinking the org chart: Areas of Responsibility (AoRs)
Distributed responsibility: An engineering manager's perspective
The Pyramid of Clarity",4.9,"Asana
4.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
269,Azure Data Architect,"$78k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number: 78269

Azure Data Architect

Insight’s Digital Innovation division believes in the power of ingenuity to innovate, transform, and build a positive human future in a technology-driven world. Our diverse team of experts combine innovative thinking with breakthrough-technologies to progress further, faster.

Our full-time team of engineers are leveraging AI, IoT edge, the cloud in projects that range from real-time aerial inspections to improve safety to projects that monitor lice infestations in salmon populations to keep food supplies safe. Think about all the cool stuff you read about that others are doing and I’ll bet you that we have a team that is working on it right now: augmented reality with MSFT Hololens, conversation agents (chatbots) with AI and cognitive learning, real time IoT… the list goes on! On our team, you will work closely with client stakeholders and an award-winning team of engineers, architects, and thought leaders to design, build, and implement next-generation solutions.

We are looking to hire an experienced Cloud Data Architect.

Modern Data Warehousing, Advanced Analytics, and Big Data are pretty hot topics right now. We’re helping our clients ensure they are best placed in the market to offer exceptional value through creative, deployable modern data solutions.

What Our Cloud Data Architects Do
Lead discussions with client leadership explaining architecture options and recommendations
Design sustainable and optimal database models to support the business requirements
Advise clients on database management, integration and BI tools
Assist in performance tuning of databases and code
Mentor development team members in design/development of ETL and BI implementations
Perform architectural assessments of the client's Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW)
Work with the sales team to create and deliver client proposals and demonstrations
Present to client, industry and internal peer groups
What we look for
Lead discussions with client leadership explaining architecture options and recommendations
Design sustainable and optimal database models to support the business requirements
Advise clients on database management, integration and BI tools
Assist in performance tuning of databases and code
Mentor development team members in design/development of ETL and BI implementations
Perform architectural assessments of the client's Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW)
Work with the sales team to create and deliver client proposals and demonstrations
Present to client, industry and internal peer groups
What can Insight offer?
At Insight, you will work on major, high impact projects, solving organizations problems with the best
tech in the industry. You’ll join a team of proven Engineers/Architects who have a demonstrated
understanding of software development and data warehousing principles. The team is curious and
encouraging, ensuring you continue developing your skills, helping others achieve their goals, and
working consistently to support our customers. You’ll also receive great benefits like flexible vacation,
401k matching, training resources, career advancement opportunities, and a quarterly bonus program.

Ready to join? Discover more at insight.com…or just APPLY!

About Insight

At Insight Enterprises, Inc. we empower organizations to run smarter by defining, architecting, implementing, and managing Intelligent Technology Solutions ™. As a Fortune 500-ranked global provider of digital innovation, cloud/data center transformation, connected workforce, and supply chain optimization solutions and services, we help clients successfully manage their IT today while transforming for tomorrow. From IT strategy and design to implementation and management, our teammates help clients innovate and optimize their operations to run smarter.
Global provider of Intelligent Technology Solutions™ for organizations of all sizes
Microsoft Global Partner of the Year for AI, IoT, Open Source Solutions, Mobile Apps, & Modern Desktop; Microsoft US Partner of the Year for DevOps
Fortune Top 100 Best Companies for Diversity
Fortune Top 50 Best Workplaces in Technology
Winner of several “Best Places to Work” awards
30+ years in business, 11,000+ teammates worldwide, and $7.7 billion in revenue in 2019
Insight in the News!
Insight Earns 2020 Microsoft U.S. Partner of the Year Award
Insight Named Microsoft Worldwide Customer Experience Partner of the Year
Insight Recognized at #14 on CRN’s 2019 Solution Provider 500 List
Insight is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.

The position (or opportunity) described above provides a summary of some the job duties required and what it would be like to work at Insight.

For a comprehensive list of physical demands and work environment for this position, read below link:
http://www.insight.com/en_US/help/physical-demands-and-work-environment.html",4.1,"Insight Enterprises, Inc.
4.1","Nashville, TN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1988,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
270,Senior Software Engineer,-1,"Senior Software Engineer

We are seeking a highly motivated, talented Senior Engineer to join our product development team. We expect that all engineers can work full stack to some degree, but most engineers at Narrative Science have a primary focus. For this role, we’re looking for an engineer who has experience with and a passion for analytics, statistics, or machine learning.

You are someone who is comfortable owning and leading new projects end to end, working closely with product teams, and have a strong focus on improving the overall customer experience. You enjoy helping and mentoring people and believe that a great product comes from great team collaboration. You take delight in debugging unfamiliar problems and push yourself and others to grow as engineers.

Our Team


This role will be on our Depth Team, which primarily focuses on taking user provided data and writing a comprehensive story about it. We do this by determining what questions Lexio can answer based on the data, determining which answers are most relevant to the user, how the story should be structured with our NLG platform, and finally, how we want to present that story to our users in an interactive and intuitive way.

As a Senior Engineer on the Depth Team you will be focused on how we present our story and what content we choose to surface to the user within the story. You will have direct ownership over a large part of our code base and will be working hand in hand with our product and development teams to improve the analysis and content in our stories. In this role, you will have a solid mix of greenfield projects and platform improvements, along with plenty of opportunities to prototype and build lasting features and enhancements.

Qualifications:
4+ years of professional software development experience
Proven expertise of Python or equivalent
Demonstrated ability to write clean, helpfully-commented and readable code
A drive to learn constantly with an analytical and problem-solving mindset
A desire to grow as both an software and data engineer
Experience with Data Science Stack such as Sklearn, TensorFlow, Keras, etc
Experience with developing with statistical computing languages, such as Python or R
Bonus:
Experience with Unix / Linux systems (e.g. Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat, etc.)
Familiarity with cloud computing, particularly AWS
About the Engineering Team @ Narrative Science

The Engineering team at Narrative Science specializes in delivering high-value cloud-based solutions to customers. Specifically, we are responsible for building and innovating on an insightful and personalized data storytelling platform. We work a lot with data pipelines, analytics, natural language generation (NLG), continuous deployment tooling, and cloud architecture.

Culture @ Narrative Science

Narrative Science believes that data storytelling can empower everyone to understand and take action from their data. Our mission is to build software that leverages artificial intelligence to automatically turn data into easy-to-understand reports, transforms statistics into stories, and converts numbers into knowledge.

Our core virtues (mission-driven, impactful, team first, innovative) are ingrained in everything we do, from how we develop our technology to how we interact with customers to how we hire people. Since 2020, we have embraced a remote approach and are on a journey to ingrain that in our culture. All while being immersed in our culture of learning, collaboration, innovation, and customer impact.

At Narrative Science, we embrace the diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives of our future employees, colleagues, customers, partners, and other stakeholders. We provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.1,"Narrative Science
4.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
271,Data Engineer,"$59k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer, St. Louis, MO
No C2C or sponsorship, must be our W2*
Note: There will be an on-line assessment in Java, Scala or Python
Required skills and experience:
• 5 years or more experience in Java, Scala or Python.
• Ability to perform complex data analysis with large volumes of data.
• Experience with stream processing, e.g. Kafka, Spark Streaming, Akka, Flink, etc..
• Expert level proficiency in SQL.
• Experience data modeling for large scale databases, either relational or NoSQL (graph, key:value, document, etc.)
• 5+ years experience with developing ETL/Data Pipeline solutions.
• Proven experience (2 years) with distributed systems, e.g. Mesos, Kubernetes, Spark, Hadoop, distributed databases, grid computing

Desired skills:
• Experience developing and utilizing Data Lakes.
• Experience with data privacy concerns
• Ability to build and maintain modern cloud architecture, e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, etc.
• Experience contributing to open source projects
• Knowledge of data science practices, to better steer our efforts to support them through the infrastructure we create",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
272,Data Engineer,"$55k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Thank you for your interest in a career at Regions. At Regions, we believe associates deserve more than just a job. We believe in offering performance-driven individuals a place where they can build a career - a place to expect more opportunities. If you are focused on results, dedicated to quality, strength and integrity, and possess the drive to succeed, then we are your employer of choice.

Regions is dedicated to taking appropriate steps to safeguard and protect private and personally identifiable information you submit. The information that you submit will be collected and reviewed by associates, consultants, and vendors of Regions in order to evaluate your qualifications and experience for job opportunities and will not be used for marketing purposes, sold, or shared outside of Regions unless required by law. Such information will be stored for a set period of time. You may review, modify, or update your information by visiting and logging into the careers section of the system.

Job Description:

At Regions, the Data Engineer supports the Data and Analytics organization by designing, optimizing, and developing data pipelines to support machine learning and AI models. The Data Engineer works with a cross functional team of Data Scientists and Software Developers on feature engineering and scoring pipelines. This role supports software developers, database architects, data analysts, and data scientists on data initiatives and ensures optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Primary Responsibilities

Creates and maintain data pipelines
Assembles large data sets that meet business requirements
Use Sparks SQL and workflow schedulers to develop feature engineering and scoring pipelines
Works closely with data scientists to ensure that feature engineering pipelines meet their needs
Provides guidance for writing Spark jobs to ensure that data science code is optimized for production
Uses and promotes Regions’ technology stack: BitBucket, Jira, Hadoop/Spark and Openshift/Kubernetes
Contributes to a collaborative, open developer environment
May act as a resource for associates with less experience

This position is exempt from timekeeping requirements under the Fair Labor Standards Act and is not eligible for overtime pay.

Requirements

Bachelors degree in Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Engineering or a quantitative related field
Four (4) years experience using “big data” technologies as a Data Scientist, Data Engineer, Software Designer or a related field

Skills and Competencies

Advanced working knowledge of SQL and relational databases
Experience with Airflow, Argo, Luigi, or similar orchestration tool
Experience performing root cause analysis on Spark jobs to identify areas for improvement
Experience with No-SQL databases such as HBase, Cassandra, or Redis.
Experience with streaming technologies such as Kafka, Flink, or Spark Streaming
Experience with functional or object-oriented languages such as Python, C++, Rust, Scala
Experience with DevOps principals and CI/CD
Experience with Containers and Kubernetes

This position may be filled at a higher level depending on the candidate’s qualifications and relevant experience.

Position Type

Full time

Location Details
Regions Center - Birmingham

Location:
Birmingham, Alabama

EEO/AA/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans",3.5,"Regions Bank
3.5","Birmingham, AL",-1,10000+ Employees,1971,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
273,Senior Software Engineer (Data),-1,"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance, and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a senior data engineer at Second Measure, you will be a critical technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines, and enriching transaction data. Your architectural guidance will allow pipelines to run reliably, to process billions of transactions, and to provide daily updates, so that our high-value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Collaborate with data scientists to implement novel data corrections to the data.
Partner with our product team to explore new ways of combining multiple types of data to gain better consumer insights.
Develop high-quality new features (70% hands-on design/coding/development/delivery, 30% mentoring junior engineers on the team).
Proactively identify and remove challenging performance bottlenecks.
About you:
Proven track record (5+ years) delivering high-quality systems built using Scala, Spark, Hive, and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines, event-driven architecture
Experience with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Ability to identify Product MVPs and build fast
Intolerance for sloppy code
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Nice-to-have:
Experience building innovative solutions under flux and constraints
Understanding of FinTech systems
Familiarity with Terraform, Argo Workflows
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
274,Senior Project Engineer,-1,"Senior Project Engineer

PRIMARY PURPOSE:

The primary purpose of this position is to provide cost effective engineering support to the company sales efforts, including system design, developing sales quotes and performing project management activities.

JOB DUTIES:

· Work with sales personnel and/or directly with customers in the design and pricing of a system. (Meet with the customer as needed to determine exact needs; develop recommendations and prepare drawings according to accepted engineering principles.)

· Operate CAD system to facilitate engineering drawings including but not limited to process flow diagrams, piping and instrument diagrams, equipment layouts and general assembly drawings.

· Collect required data, size equipment, prepare necessary prints, estimate required resources, develop project costing, and prepare quotation. Present the project quotations to the customer and promote the sale of the project.

· Brief Director of Engineering with outcome of presentation.

· Upon being awarded the job, supply necessary documents to Project Coordinator to set up job, order equipment and materials required. Brief Director of Engineering on scope of project, review prints, and discuss any critical areas or concerns about the installation of the project. Work with Director of Engineering to schedule resources to complete job.

· Provide technical support for inside and outside sales personnel, other associates and customers. Interpret and design large scale sanitary manufacturing and cleaning processes.

· Coordinate the assignment of shop and field/installation personnel, materials and equipment for assigned and scheduled projects. Coordinate materials purchases with the material account personnel.

. Oversee major installations through regular site visits. Insure that the project is completed according to the customer’s satisfaction and that all specifications as presented have been fulfilled. Issue change orders when required, update prints as needed. Provide documentation as requested by customer.

· Be available for new process start up and checkout as needed.

· Select material suppliers that can best meet the requirements of each particular application at the most reasonable cost.

· Visit and assist customers during equipment breakdowns to provide technical support and coordinate repairs.

· Act as a knowledge and experience resource for more junior engineering staff.

. Perform other duties as assigned.

REQUIRED SKILLS, EDUCATION AND REQUIREMENTS:

· Job duties require a four-year college degree (preferably in Engineering) or equivalent.

· PREFERED Professional Licensed PE

· Willing to travel 35% +/- of the time

· 10 - 15 years of previous technical/engineering experience in the sanitary fluid process industry

M. G. Newell Corporation has been in business for over a century providing sanitary process components and integrated process systems to the food, dairy, citrus, beverage, pharmaceutical and personal care industries. With divisions in Greensboro, North Carolina; Louisville, Kentucky, and Nashville, Tennessee, our services extend to the Mid-West, Mid Atlantic, and Southeastern United States.

M.G. Newell is an Equal Opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Learn more at www.mgnewell.com

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Company's website:
https://www.mgnewell.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.0,"M.G. Newell Corp
2.0","Greensboro, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
275,Software Engineer,-1,"Valens Software is a developer of enterprise services software for the Fire and Life Safety industry.

We are looking for developers who want to make a career on futuristic technology, software development, implementing software solutions, developing apps.

New college graduates are welcome to apply. We have multiple openings at the Woodstock Georgia (metro Atlanta) office and no prior work experience is required. We will provide on the job training after you are hired.

Primary Responsibilities

·
Develop software applications using JavaScript, and different frameworks associated with programming languages

·
Write queries to different databases so the application can manipulate the data accordingly

·
Generate reports and dashboards to meaningfully inform user on key information

·
Perform unit tests and do functional testing on what you develop

·
Participate in peer to peer code reviews, project planning, and estimation of tasks

·
Analyzing and resolving application or system problems

·
Write and implement efficient code based on requirements for tasks

Required Qualifications

·
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Similar

·
Adaptable to decisions made quickly by peers

·
Collaborative and a great team player

·
Punctual to deadlines set by project owners when it comes to tasks

·
Previous knowledge of programming languages like Java, JavaScript, Progress, LUA, SQL (preferred but not required)

·
Previous knowledge of JasperReports (a bonus but not required)

·
Ability to learn quickly and talk about solutions to project owners

·
Transparent on issues happening through the development process

Benefits

·
Job Type: Full-time

·
Paid Time Off

·
401 K

·
Health Insurance

·
Dental insurance

·
Vision insurance

·
HAS

·
FSA

This Job Is:

·
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply

·
A good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience

·
Not providing sponsorship for this job

Principles only. Recruiters please do not contact this job poster.
Do not contact us with unsolicited services or offer.",-1,Valens Software,"Woodstock, GA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
276,Data Scientist,"$80k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Brief

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Overview

IFG Companies is in search of a Data Scientist to join its growing Predictive Modeling team.

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Responsibilities
Build predictive and/or Machine Learning models in SAS
Research new statistical and mathematical techniques that are suitable and helpful for solving business related problems
Prepare data for modelling and make best/creative use of applicable and available internal or external data
Identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged for modeling efforts
Support related processes around effectively deploying model to business
Effectively communicate results in written, oral and presentation formats to technical and non-technical audiences
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related discipline
3+ years of Data Modeling or similar experience.
Experience with predictive modeling (classification, regression, parameter tuning, optimization criteria, feature selection), preferably with multiple techniques
Experience in model validation techniques, model testing and continuous monitoring of model performance
Experience in Property & Casualty Insurance is strongly preferred.
Demonstrated experience working with large relational data sets.
Working knowledge in SAS, R, Python or another platform to develop and implement predictive models.
Ability and willingness to quickly gain knowledge of SAS enterprise guide and enterprise miner.
Ability to communicate complex technical information in common language to foster teaching and analytics guidance to internal customers.
Advanced experience in analytics, data cleaning, and predictive modeling.
Ability to write queries in SQL.
Detail-oriented and ability to work collaboratively
Physical Demands
Physical demands are considered to be that of an office environment, climate controlled, with minimal physical exertion. This position requires prolonged sitting, ability to utilize a computer and interactions with others in meetings or via phone.
Benefits
We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), flexible spending, short-term and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, long-term care, education assistance and paid time off.
IFG Companies is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. M/F/D/V",2.7,"IFG Companies
2.7","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
277,Maintenance Reliability Engineer,-1,"The position is responsible for supporting maintenance activities to ensure safe, responsive, high quality and economical maintenance services. This position will be providing technical support for all disciplines in maintenance with emphasis on improving equipment reliability, ensuring quality repairs are being performed, reducing maintenance costs, and providing technical support for troubleshooting equipment and process problems. The incumbent will routinely utilize predictive technologies (Vibration Analysis, IR, UT, and Tribology), failure analysis and process improvement techniques, Microsoft Projects, and the CMMS System. Other assignments as required to support continuous maintenance and process improvements.

Technical Responsibilities: Provide technical support and recommendations to improve overall equipment reliability utilizing predictive technologies and other predictive/preventative techniques. Optimize current predictive and preventive maintenance tasks and activities, identifying gaps and developing corrective action plans, driving implementation, and evaluating improvement performance. Monitor and evaluate “Top Ten” equipment failures making recommendations to improve their Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF). Support the Maintenance Supervisors and Maintenance Manager with obtaining, managing, and analyzing equipment performance data. Provide mechanical knowledge to support maintenance activities to ensure equipment reliability, reduced costs, and minimize unplanned downtime. Improve maintenance work efficiency by implementing precision maintenance techniques. Assist Maintenance Supervisors with ensuring quality services and repairs are being provided. Evaluate current equipment spare parts inventory to ensure spare parts are available for critical equipment. Assist in the training and development of in-house maintenance resources. Assist the maintenance staff with developing the annual maintenance budget, developing the major turnaround budget (TAR, every 3 years), planning, scheduling, and execution.

Safety Health and Environmental Responsibilities: Follow all safety policies and procedures, assure that all personnel are made aware of safe working practices, and promote safety programs especially “Our House” in the office and in the field. Promote and comply with the Premier Magnesia Processes and Behavioral Principals. Ensure that all work activities are executed with safety being the first priority and that everyone has the duty to “Stop Work” if they feel the situation is unsafe. Ensure environmental compliance in all work activities. Complete annual safety training and conduct necessary task training as required.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Industrial Maintenance: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Gabbs, NV 89409 (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
A job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
https://www.premiermagnesia.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Premier Magnesia/Giles Chemical Division,"Gabbs, NV",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
278,Maintenance Reliability Engineer,-1,"The position is responsible for supporting maintenance activities to ensure safe, responsive, high quality and economical maintenance services. This position will be providing technical support for all disciplines in maintenance with emphasis on improving equipment reliability, ensuring quality repairs are being performed, reducing maintenance costs, and providing technical support for troubleshooting equipment and process problems. The incumbent will routinely utilize predictive technologies (Vibration Analysis, IR, UT, and Tribology), failure analysis and process improvement techniques, Microsoft Projects, and the CMMS System. Other assignments as required to support continuous maintenance and process improvements.

Technical Responsibilities: Provide technical support and recommendations to improve overall equipment reliability utilizing predictive technologies and other predictive/preventative techniques. Optimize current predictive and preventive maintenance tasks and activities, identifying gaps and developing corrective action plans, driving implementation, and evaluating improvement performance. Monitor and evaluate “Top Ten” equipment failures making recommendations to improve their Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF). Support the Maintenance Supervisors and Maintenance Manager with obtaining, managing, and analyzing equipment performance data. Provide mechanical knowledge to support maintenance activities to ensure equipment reliability, reduced costs, and minimize unplanned downtime. Improve maintenance work efficiency by implementing precision maintenance techniques. Assist Maintenance Supervisors with ensuring quality services and repairs are being provided. Evaluate current equipment spare parts inventory to ensure spare parts are available for critical equipment. Assist in the training and development of in-house maintenance resources. Assist the maintenance staff with developing the annual maintenance budget, developing the major turnaround budget (TAR, every 3 years), planning, scheduling, and execution.

Safety Health and Environmental Responsibilities: Follow all safety policies and procedures, assure that all personnel are made aware of safe working practices, and promote safety programs especially “Our House” in the office and in the field. Promote and comply with the Premier Magnesia Processes and Behavioral Principals. Ensure that all work activities are executed with safety being the first priority and that everyone has the duty to “Stop Work” if they feel the situation is unsafe. Ensure environmental compliance in all work activities. Complete annual safety training and conduct necessary task training as required.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Industrial Maintenance: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Gabbs, NV 89409 (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
A job for which people with disabilities are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
https://www.premiermagnesia.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Premier Magnesia/Giles Chemical Division,"Gabbs, NV",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
279,Software Engineer (Data),-1,"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a Data Engineer at Second Measure, you will be a technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines and enriching transaction data. You will work under the architectural guidance of Leads and Sr. engineers to build pipelines that run reliably, process billions of transactions, and provide daily updates, so that our high value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Design-code-test-deploy
Build on top of existing data architecture, extending pipelines in order to deliver new insights to customers
Use Scala, Python, SQL to improve/extend business logic
Pair with Sr. Engineers to develop features and work with Data Scientists, ex: translate SQL to Spark applications
Work with AWS technologies (SQS, SNS, EMR, EKS) to deploy and manage pipelines
Work in an agile environment
About you:
At least 3+ years work experience building components in complex systems using Java, Python, or Scala + Spark, Hive and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines
Understanding of microservices, RESTful systems, event driven architecture
Familiarity with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Hunger to identify and automate manual processes in the pipeline
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
280,Chief Engineer Maintenance,-1,"Position _Chief Engineer *_
_ *_Reporting Relationship * _General Manager _
_ _ *FLSA Status * _Exempt _
Position Summary: *
_The Chief Engineer is responsible for the operation, maintenance and repair of the entire hotel facility, including equipment, tools and facilities to ensure guest service and sustainability standards are achieved and maintained throughout the hotel. This includes oversight of construction, maintenance or repair activities in carpentry, plumbing, masonry, electrical, air conditioning/heating and landscaping areas. Manage duties and functions as it relates to decision making, organizing, planning, controlling, communicating and directing the _
_Engineering department. _
Core Responsibilities: *
• Meet all operational standards related to the Engineering Department.
• Conduct walk-throughs and visually assess the safe and efficient maintenance and operation of the hotel structure, systems and equipment.
• Establish and maintain Rooms and Public Area Preventive Maintenance Program and consistently keep updated records.
• Act in concert with hotel management team and property General Manager.
• Hire, train, supervise, coach and counsel associates, including managers.
• Ensure grounds are maintained to create superior curb appeal.
• Implement hotel’s safety and emergency policies and procedures (ie evacuations, first aid, etc) to including removing all safety hazards, following company’s OSHA Hazcom program and safe lifting techniques.

• Provide adequate inventory of parts, supplies, tools and materials for the department.
Establish and maintain an efficient inventory and purchasing system.

• Maintain current permits and licenses for building and physical plant.
• Work and coordinate all activities, as needed, with 3rd party vendors, particularly those needed for physical plant and maintenance functions.
• Perform other duties as assigned, including those needed to participate in overall leadership of the hotel.
Knowledge, Skills, and Competencies: *
• Previous hotel engineering experience required, including HVAC, electrical, plumbing, commercial kitchen and general building construction
• Vocational training, associate’s degree, certification and/or apprenticeship in one or more area; state certification or licensure where required
• Must be able to read and interpret drawings, diagrams and blue prints. Read and understand test equipment and measuring devices
• Strong business communication skills verbal and written

• Strong presentation skills and ability to train hourly staff members
• High work ethic and self-initiative
• Strong computer skills in Microsoft Suite
• Some travel may be required
• Regular attendance according to established guidelines
• May be required to work varying schedules to reflect the business needs of the property
• Must possess basic computational ability
• Focus and maintain attention to multiple tasks and priorities, and complete work assignments on time despite frequent interruptions, including in high pressure situations
• Ability to maintain excellent relationships with staff and maintain staff and guest confidentiality at all times
• Ability to converse calmly with upset associates, superiors and guests in intense emotional situations
• Ability to participate in, and lead departmental and/or hotel team meetings
• Understanding and adherence to Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) documents, as well as hotel safety procedures
Physical Requirements: *
• Sit, stand and walk for varying lengths of time
• Lift approximately fifty (50) pounds
• Good communication skills, both written and verbal
• Grasping, writing, standing, sitting, walking, repetitive motions, pulling, pushing, listening and hearing ability and visual ability
• Must have finger dexterity to be able to operate office equipment such as computers, printers, multi-line tone tone phone, filing cabinets, photocopiers and other office equipment as needed

This job description is not an exhaustive list of all job functions that are required of an employee in this position. Therefore, other duties may be asked of an employee in this position from time to time.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Discount
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Experience:
Chief Engineer: 1 year (Preferred)
Hotel Maintenance: 1 year (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is:
A job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to apply
Open to applicants who do not have a college diploma
Schedule:
Weekends required
Holidays required
Day shift
Night shift
Company's website:
https://www.hilton.com/en/hotels/sjcsvhf-hilton-santa-cruz-scotts-valley/
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/HiltonSantaCruz/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Santa Cruz Hilton,"Santa Cruz, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
281,SOLUTIONS ENGINEER,"$50k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB SUMMARY

Under the general direction of the Manager of Network Engineering, the Solutions Engineer will spend approximately 25% of the time on network troubleshooting, 20% of the time on network design, 15% of the time on configuration of equipment and services, 10% of the time on research and development for equipment and technology, and 10% of the time on customer and internal communication. An additional 7% of the time will be spent on equipment implementation, 5% of the time on equipment maintenance, 5% of the time on training, and 3% of the time on Network Engineering costing.

The Solutions Engineer is responsible for architecting the network through logical design, implementation of equipment, and administration and configuration of the network. The SolutionsEngineer will maintain the current network through upgrades, equipment refreshments, forecasting of areas needed for improvement, and troubleshooting and resolving issues that occur throughout the network based on thought and skill-based solutions.

In this position, the Solutions Engineer will impact the whole organization via the health and expansion of the core, aggregation, and access networks that carry all of the Commercial and Residential data, Streaming TV, and Voice services. The Solutions Engineer will design the network infrastructure for customers as well as for Smithville. This includes creating processes to minimize customer impacts, developing standard architecture for network survivability and redundancy, planning network spend to meet budget and designs, and developing Methods of Procedure (MOP) to document network changes and maintenance activities. At times, the Engineer will perform overnight maintenance and network restoration work.

The Engineer will spend a significant amount of time planning and scheduling activities for themselves and others. Coordination with customers, Support teams, Sales, Customer Service Representatives, Telecommunication, and Plant Engineering will be required during installation, troubleshooting, planned maintenance, outages, and new service turn-ups. Additionally, the Solutions Engineer will be required to make important decisions on a regular basis. Decisions will include but are not limited to: meeting team objectives, supporting a new project effectively in the current network, impact of customers during outages and network upgrades, and best practices to improve and administer the network.

The Solutions Engineer will be expected to communicate daily with Network Operations, Sales, Technical Support, and Warehouse/Inventory. On a weekly basis, the Engineer will communicate with Customer Service, Plant Engineering, Central Office Engineers, Telecommunications, Cable Teams, and Project Management. On occasion, they will communicate with IT and Accounting.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Network Troubleshooting– MPLS, OTN, ERPS, SIP, BGP, Layer 2, and hardware IP routing (25%)
Network Design– Residential, Commercial, Core, and Voice (20%)
Equipment and Services Configuration (15%)
Research& Development for Equipment and Technology (10%)
Customer and Internal Communication (10%)
Equipment Implementation– Cisco, Ciena, Calix, and Metaswitch (7%)
Equipment Maintenance (5%)
Training (5%)
Network Engineering Costing - SalesForce Commercial Costing (3%)
QUALIFICATIONS
Technical Degree in Telecommunications or Information Systems or equivalent industry experience
Industry certifications (Cisco CCNA, CCNP)
Knowledge of Internet Protocols, routing and switching, OTN, GPON, VOIP, and troubleshooting
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Attention to detail
Good project management skills; ability to work to deadlines
Methodical and analytical approach
Expected use of company vehicle, laptop, cell phone, light meter, speed tester, testers (EXFO or JDSU) for Ethernet/T1, fiber cleaning kits, basic tools (snips, screwdrivers, hammers, and more), and printer/copier
Expected to learn on the job within 6-9 months– familiarity with Smithville Calix, Cisco, Ciena, and Metaswitch design, circuit monitoring tools, Smithville locations, Smithville specific procedures for circuit deployments, Smithville documentation (fiber and customer data), customer contact Standards of Procedure (SOP), and outage response.
TYPICAL WORKING CONDITIONS
Approximately 80% of the time work is completed indoors in a climate controlled office environment (office, meeting room, or similar), 10% of the time outdoors exposed to changing weather conditions, and 10% of the time outdoors in an enclosed vehicle or temporary shelter
On occasion, the Network Engineer III will work above ground where the possibility of falling exists (ladders)
Other conditions include indoors in tight equipment spaces, around loud equipment, and possible eye hazards due to laser exposure
Typically works 40 hours per week; may work overtime, evenings, and/or weekends as needed to meet critical deadlines or respond to problems
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
Continuous fingering, handling, feeling, talking, and hearing.
Often sitting, walking, reaching at/below and above shoulder level, lifting up to 30 pounds, and close and distance vision.
Sometimes standing, bending, squatting, climbing, kneeling, twisting, lifting 31 up to and over 45 pounds, and color and depth vision.
Rarely pulling.


REQUIRED BEHAVIORAL CHARACTERISTICS
Accountability: Demonstrates integrity, accountability, and efficient stewardship of Smithville resources in a manner consistent with Smithville’s Value Statements.
Adaptability: Changes behavioral style or method of approach when necessary to achieve a goal; adjusts style as appropriate to the needs of the situation. Responds to change with a positive attitude and a willingness to learn new ways to accomplish work activities and objectives
Communication and Collaboration: Creates an atmosphere in which timely and high-quality information flows smoothly up and down, inside and outside of the organization; encourages open expression of ideas and opinions. Develops cooperation and teamwork while participating in a group, working toward solutions which generally benefit all involved parties.
Initiative: Does more than is required or expected in the job; does things that no one has requested that will improve or enhance products and services, avoid problems, or develop entrepreneurial opportunities. Plans ahead for upcoming problems or opportunities and takes appropriate action.
Job Proficiency: Applies and improves extensive or in-depth specialized knowledge, skills, and judgment to accomplish a result or to accomplish one’s job effectively. Understands technical aspects of one’s job and continuously builds knowledge, keeping up-to-date on the technical or procedural aspects of the job.",3.7,"Smithville Telephone Company
3.7","Ellettsville, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1922,Company - Private,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
282,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a Data Engineer who will be responsible for enhancing our measurement tool. You are passionate about all things data and tech, and have extensive knowledge of the digital space. You are accomplished in the areas of data modeling and measurement and you are ready to support the strategic objectives of a highly cross-functional organization.

Technology:
Spark, Hive
Scala, Python, SQL
HDFS, S3
PostGres, Redis, Kafka
Kubernetes, Docker
Airflow
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Build and enhance current measurement architecture
Provide insight and guidance on new projects
Collaborate with other engineering and data science teams to build data models
Develop and release using agile methodologies
QUALIFICATIONS:
5+ years - Modeling, measuring, and analyzing data
5+ years - Working with Python or Scala
5+ years - Building and optimizing workflows on Spark, Hadoop, or other big data platforms
Understanding of ad-tech terms and methodologies preferred
PERKS:
Unlimited paid time off each year
Annual vacation stipend
Onsite gym, fitness classes and personal trainer
Casual dress code
Kitchen stocked with healthy snacks
Health, dental and vision benefits
Parental leave
ABOUT

At VideoAmp, we believe in challenging advertising paradigms to maximize value for clients. We do this by enabling companies to execute on business outcomes across their media investment instead of more traditional media metrics. VideoAmp is the software and data solutions company powering the convergence of the linear TV and digital video advertising. Our solutions connect linear TV viewership with addressable data assets to benefit the marketing and media industries. This enable marketers and content owners to holistically plan, transact, and measure deduplicated audiences across digital video, OTT, connected and linear TV advertising.",3.5,"VideoAmp
3.5","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
283,Senior Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) Integrations Engineer (JGASS II),-1,"AEVEX Aerospace seeks highly skilled/qualified candidates to join our Joint Geospatial Analytics Support Services team. AEVEX is a dynamic employee focused company that truly empowers their team members to succeed in every endeavor. If you are a high performer looking for a new challenge which directly impacts national security in an organization with outstanding professional development and excellent employee benefit opportunities, apply now.

Senior Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) Integrations Engineer

Job Description:

Administration/Integration is responsible for the development, implementation, and maintenance of an enterprise wide GIS and associated geospatial databases, network equipment and software tools and applications. The contractor shall perform complex analysis, design and modification of GIS applications and databases and evaluation of new GIS hardware and software. The Senior GIS Database Administrator is responsible for the development, implementation, and maintenance of an enterprise level geospatial database that contributes to the GIS architecture. The contractor duties shall include, but are not limited to, performing complex analysis, design, development and modification of GIS database strategies; monitoring and improving database performance and capacity; and planning for future expansion requirements. The Senior GIS Integrations Engineer is responsible for the development, administration, deployment, and maintenance of custom geospatial applications in support of intelligence organizations. The contractor duties shall include, but are not limited to, performing complex analysis, design, development and modification of .NET tools utilizing traditional RDBMS, NoSQL data stores, Hadoop File Stores and SOLR indexes.

Job Location:

Fayetteville, North Carolina

Clearance Requirement:

TOP SECRET level with SCI eligibility

Qualifications

Qualifications and Experience:

A typical successful Senior GIS Integrations Engineer shall perform advanced level planning, development, implementation, and maintenance of test and production custom applications. A minimum of eight years system integration experience. Shall possess the ability to create and develop custom tools utilizing RDBMS, NoSQL data stores, and distributed process of large datasets. Performs high level/expert intelligence systems architecture design and evaluation. Shall possess strong oral and written communication skills and be capable of effectively directing subordinates. Shall possess high level/expert ability to manage and work with static and dynamic streaming geospatial oriented data. Shall be proficient in C# and Python programming languages. The Senior GIS Integrations Engineer is required to obtain and maintain currency of the appropriate level certification in accordance with DODD 8570.01.

Must be able to pass a Psychological Evaluation and Drug Testing

Candidate must have the ability to deploy OCONUS. This includes the ability to obtain a Passport, Drivers License, applicable International permits, and pass medical and physical examinations.

Desired:

Bachelor's degree and three additional years of general experience in the intelligence community and geospatial systems experience are highly desirable.

About AEVEX Aerospace

AEVEX Aerospace, headquartered in Solana Beach, California, supports the U.S. national security mission around the world by providing full-spectrum airborne intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance solutions. The company’s capabilities include custom design and engineering, sensor integration and sustainment, aircraft modification and certification, mission operations services, advanced intelligence data processing, exploitation, and dissemination solutions, and tailored hardware and software mission-system tools. With over 600 professionals, AEVEX uses agile and customized approaches to rapidly define, develop and deliver specialized solutions for airborne intelligence requirements to DoD, other government agencies, and commercial businesses. AEVEX has major offices in California, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Ohio, and Virginia.

AEVEX Aerospace is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.8,"AEVEX AEROSPACE
3.8","Fayetteville, NC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
284,Cloud Engineer,-1,"Company Description

Why join Nextech?

We are a leader in specialty healthcare technology solutions, headquartered in Tampa, FL, with a satellite office in Montvale, NJ.

We are an ever-growing team, guided by our iCREATE values of Integrity, Collaboration, Respect, Empowerment, Accountability, Trust, and Excellence. We hold these values in high regard and are driven to succeed in all we do.

We’re committed to hiring and retaining talent, which is why we invest in our employees through competitive pay, a generous bonus structure, great healthcare, a comprehensive wellness program, and many other benefits.

If you are a software engineer, finance or accounting professional, customer support specialist, or a business development expert with a passion for healthcare technology (just to name a few), we want to hear from you.

We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics are encouraged to apply. If you are a candidate in need of assistance or an accommodation in the application process, please contact talent@nextech.com.

Job Description

The Cloud Engineer is responsible for servicing our software delivery platforms using Microsoft Azure technologies.

All activities must be in compliance with Equal Employment Opportunity laws, HIPAA, ERISA and other regulations, as appropriate.

Essential Functions: In addition to working in accordance with appropriate conduct and behavioral standards, specific responsibilities of this role include:
Build and service ARM templates for IaaS and PaaS offerings
Implement multi-regional, highly-available solutions using a wide variety of Azure technologies and solutions
Continually improve resiliency and recovery solutions to tighten RPO/RTO
Manage Azure DevOps pipelines and deployments
Script implementations and configurations
Monitor, create alerts and report on the environment
Optimize cost and spend of the Azure environment
Perform server patching and performance optimization routines
Participate in new software deployment strategy and delivery
Lead or Assist with multi-regional software distribution
Ensure a highly available and highly recoverable application platform
Qualifications
Bachelors degree in MIS, CS or related field strongly preferred
1 -2 years of experience with Hands-on Public Cloud and Software as a Service environments
1-2 years Azure or AWS experience with .NET Framework & .NET Core application experience
Working familiarity with software lifecycle solutions (Azure DevOps, Team Foundation Services)
Scripting skills (PowerShell, python, ruby, Perl, etc.)
Multi-Tenant with a centralized management/administration mindset
Thorough understanding of Azure Active Directory concepts, features, and limitations
Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server management and performance techniques
Comprehensive knowledge of TCP/IP – must be able to discuss OSI concepts at length
Comprehensive knowledge of IT security concepts – must be able to discuss encryption in transit and at rest for all modern protocols and specifications
Experience with Infrastructure, Network, and Application Security best-practices, including the secure transport and storage of sensitive/private data
Systems Operations/Management
Professional verbal and written communication style
Collaborative style with an natural sense of curiosity
Additional Information

Benefits and Perks

At Nextech we strive to be a great place to work and we are constantly evolving the way we take care of all our teammates.
Competitive Salary
Highly Competitive Bonus
""Shoot for The Stars"" Salary Step Program for Product Support Roles
Employee Recognition Program
Choice of 3 Medical Plans
Wellness Program Including Discounts on Medical Premiums
Company HSA Funding
15 days PTO at date of hire (increase with tenure milestones)
10 Paid Holidays
1 Floating Holiday
Volunteer Time Off
100% Company-Paid Parental leave for Mothers and Fathers
Choice of 2 Dental Plans
Vision Insurance
401K Employer Match and Roth Option Available
100% Company Paid Life Insurance
100% Company Paid Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Company-Sponsored 529 College Savings Plan
Supplemental/Ancillary Insurance
Company Sponsored Events
Corporate Discounts on Retail, Travel, Entertainment and More!
Pet Insurance
Healthy Snacks
Treadmill Desks
Casual Dress/Work Environment
Employee Referral Bonus
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.",3.3,"Nextech Systems
3.3","Tampa, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
285,Site Reliability Engineer / DevOps / Linux,"Employer Provided Salary:
$55k-$75k","About us
Crafty Penguins is a growing team of Linux experts, some of whom have decades of experience with Linux technologies. We are a Linux division of an IT consulting firm Kerkhoff Technologies, which also has a Microsoft Windows division.Although Kerkhoff Technologies and Crafty Penguins are two separate teams with different skill sets, we’re one company. We all use the same ticket system, Slack and Wiki, sit at the same physical office and have the same leadership team.

We take pride in being a one-of-a-kind technology company that values relationships and people at every level – employees, clients, vendors and our community. Whether it be age, gender, race, culture or thought – we enjoy diversity and we welcome it!
Our mission is to help people do meaningful work by getting the right people in the right seats – helping people achieve their Highest And Best Use (HABU©). Our growing team of 25 offers expertise in Network Support, Linux Consulting, and Application Development. We are seeking a Senior-level Technician to join our team.

What does it take to do this job
Advanced knowledge of Linux operating systems, preferably Debian
Expertise configuring and troubleshooting Apache, NGINX, and HAProxy
Supporting diverse database systems
Supporting various support services like DNS, DHCP, AMPQ brokers, SMTP, SNMP, LDAP, SSH, etc.
Experience scripting in at least two of the following languages: Python, Bash
Expertise with configuration management systems such as Saltstack (preferred), Puppet, Ansible, and/or Chef
Experience with package management systems for various Linux operating systems including package creation
Experience with virtualized environments (KVM or Xen or ESX)
Experience with container virtualized environments like LXC (Docker), OpenVZ
Hands-on experience with cloud environments such as AWS, CloudStack, or OpenStack
Intermediate knowledge of networking and load-balancing concepts
Experience with monitoring systems, such as Nagios, Sensu, Shinken
Experience collecting and aggregating log data (Like ELK Stack)
Experience collecting and aggregating metric data (Collectd, Graphana, etc.)
Experience with Cassandra or other NoSQL databases is a plus
Experience working with Docker containers and Kubernetes is a plus
Experience with general software engineering principals and working with diverse programming languages.
What we offer
Great People & Great Culture
Flexible Work Hours
True Work/Life Balance
Competitive Salary
Awesome Benefits
Vacation Time + Banked Time
Advancement Opportunities
***Apply Now – Send us your cover letter and resume that includes a link to your LinkedIn profile and the word Pepsi",5.0,"Kerkhoff Technologies
5.0",Remote,-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
286,NETMAN Senior Engineer,"$58k-$137k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Network Management (NETMAN) Senior Engineer provides services in support of the U.S. Army Network Enterprise Technology Command (NETCOM). You will provide engineering and capability management support for the NETMAN which consist of core toolsets that identify device failures, perform failure root cause analysis, monitor network performance, identify important trends, deep packet analysis, network analytics and situational awareness data providing an automated solution for analysts to quickly correlate data across multiple sensors located globally, and provides alerts when network behavior deviates from normal patterns as well as bandwidth utilization. Provide planning, design, development, engineering, integration, and technical and operational support to the ADCNOMS project.

Qualifications:

Previous experience in the following areas:
Experience in Network Management (such as CA Spectrum® and eHealth®)
Knowledge of CMDB/SS
Working Knowledge of Jumpstart (bare metal recovery) VM (Virtual Machine)
Windows and Linux Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG), Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP), and hardening using DISA’s Benchmark
CA Spectrum® Product Family (minimum 9.2)
CA eHealth® (minimum 6.3)
CA Business Intelligence (CABI) (minimum 3.2)
OneClick for CA Spectrum® (minimum 9.2) OneClick for eHealth® (minimum 6.3)
Microsoft Office suite and working knowledge of Microsoft Visio

Qualifications/Certifications:

DoD 8570.1-M certification: IAT Level III Certification
Computing Environment Certification, Network Management Certification
2 – 5 years of experience in information technology field
Active TS/SCI DoD Clearance required

Education:

BA/BS or equivalent experience.

Link Solutions, Inc. delivers reliable and effective Information Technology services to government clients in support of critical mission needs. Delivering a broad range of Infrastructure Operations, Application Development, Cybersecurity, Virtualization, Cloud and Mobility services, Link is quality and compliance focused, under our guiding philosophy “Mission First… Customer Always,” We are ISO 9001:2008, ISO 20000-1:2011, ISO 27001:2013 certified and appraised for CMMI ML3 for Services and Development.

Link Solutions, Inc. is an EOE. AA/M/F/D/V. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.",3.7,"Link Solutions
3.7","Fort Huachuca, AZ",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
287,Mid-Level Software Engineer Level 4,-1,"Mid-Level Software Engineer Level 4 (MOSSAIC 292068)


DSoft Technology is seeking a mid-level software engineer to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be in Dahlgren, VA. The individual will work in a fast-paced environment with high expectations, significantly diverse assignments, and a collaborative team setting on a new 10 year contract effort.

LOCATION:
Dahlgren, VA
REQUIREMENTS:
Active DoD Top Secret security clearance required, Top Secret with SCI desired.

MORE DETAILS

JOB DESCRIPTION


JOB TYPE: Full Time

SALARY RANGE: Commensurate with experience and knowledge.

DEGREE REQUIREMENTS: Bachelors or Masters in Computing Science, or related technical discipline from an accredited college or university. One year of relevant education may be substituted for one year of required experience.

MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE: Minimum 6 years industry experience related to responsibilities. One year of relevant experience may be substituted for each year of required education.

SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS:
Contribute to leading software integration efforts of Command and Control data exchange and processing systems
Assist software development team efforts with research, design, development, integration, modification, and documentation of enterprise-wide systems and applications software
Experience with Converting Monolitic application into microservice / Kubernetes
Participate in overall system evaluation efforts to include analysis and development of hardware/software interfaces
Assist with identifying, developing, and implementing solutions for software related technical issues that could impact costs, schedule, or performance
Assist leading software development team while adhering to established guidelines, observing software compliance standards, and following technical direction
Experience with Java and C programming
Ability to travel (10%)
DESIRED REQUIREMENTS:
Knowledgeable in Information and Computer Systems, working knowledge of converged infrastructure and related technologies such as VMware, Networking, and Storage solutions
Experience in Astrodynamics Application and Algorithm Programming
•Experience with programming in C++ and Fortran
Strong written and verbal skills
Experience in Agile software development lifecycle
Knowledge of network architectures and protocols
RELOCATION: Not Offered for this position.",4.4,"DSoft Technology
4.4","Dahlgren, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1998,Contract,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
288,Senior Big Data Engineer- Data Warehouse,"$102k-$126k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We're looking for a Senior Data Engineer for our Chicago to join us in building our next generation data processing platform. As part of the platform team you will work in multiple areas including campaign performance measurement and reporting, ad fraud, and botnet detection.

Are you someone who likes to have fun at work? Are you passionate about picking problems apart, driving results, and making an impact? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where no two days are the same? If so, we want to speak with you!

About our team:

Quite simply our platform is the engine that powers the verification, optimization, and analytics solutions we provide. It has the power to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions per second; collect tens of billions of events each day and evaluate thousands of data-points in real-time all while responding in just a few milliseconds.

What you'll do:
Work on Big Data technologies, lead the design, coding and maintenance of highly scalable backend data processing platform for large throughput
Work on the data modelling for the MPP columnar databases to handle high volume of queries with sub-second response times
Lead the entire software lifecycle including hands-on development, code reviews, testing, continuous integration, continuous deployment and documentation using modern programming languages (such as Java, Scala, Python)
Perform tuning of systems for optimal performance
Mentor junior team members
You should apply if you have most of this:
5+ years of recent hands-on experience in one or more of the modern programming languages (Java, Scala, Python)
Good understanding of collections, multi-threading, JVM memory model, algorithms, scalability and various tradeoffs in a Big Data setting.
Experience developing and maintaining ETL applications and data pipelines using big data technologies
Strong SQL knowledge (OLAP) and experience working with mpp columnar databases (Vertica, SnowFlake,etc)
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Understanding of full software development life cycle, agile development and continuous integration
What puts you over the top:
Data warehouse experience in SnowFlake and experience writing ETL pipelines in SnowFlake
Experience working with AWS technologies such EMR, step functions, data pipeline, cloudformation, etc.
Experience working with hadoop mapreduce, spark, pig, hive, etc.
About Integral Ad Science

Integral Ad Science (IAS) is the global market leader in digital ad verification, offering technologies that drive high-quality advertising media. IAS equips advertisers and publishers with both the insight and technology to protect their advertising investments from fraud and unsafe environments as well as to capture consumer attention, and drive business outcomes. Founded in 2009, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in 18 offices across 13 countries. IAS is part of the Vista Equity Partners portfolio of software companies. For more on how IAS is powering great impressions for top publishers and advertisers around the world, visit integralads.com.

Equal Opportunity Employer:

IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply.

California Applicant Pre-Collection Notice:

We collect personal information (PI) from you in connection with your application for employment or engagement with IAS, including the following categories of PI: identifiers, personal records, commercial information, professional or employment or engagement information, non-public education records, and inferences drawn from your PI. We collect your PI for our purposes, including performing services and operations related to your potential employment or engagement. For additional details or if you have questions, contact us at compliance@integralads.com.

To learn more about us, please visit http://integralads.com/ and https://muse.cm/2t8eGlN

Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership.",3.5,"Integral Ad Science
3.5","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
289,Sr. Data Engineer,"$115k-$201k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About NEXT

NEXT was founded with a vision to implement solutions and bring change to a fragmented industry. As a FreightTech pioneer, we are designing technology-driven solutions to transform the $800B U.S. shipping & trucking industry. Our platform connects shippers with freight capacity for every step of a shipment's journey.

Headquartered in ""Silicon Beach"" El Segundo, CA -- NEXT is a company driven by a commitment to provide world-class service to shippers and truckers alike. We're on a mission to solve a trillion dollar puzzle and make freight painless.

Armed with experienced professionals from Google, Amazon, Salesforce and Twilio, NEXT is seeking change agents who are excited to make a meaningful impact on an industry driving the U.S. economy. We have been recognized as one of Built in LA's Best Small Companies to Work For and 50 Startups to Watch. NEXT is venture-backed by leaders such as Brookfield Ventures, GLP and Sequoia Capital.

Are you NEXT?

About The Role

We are passionate entrepreneurs, creative thinkers, and decision makers who are transforming the freight transportation industry with modern technology. We create delightful product experiences that enable freight to move effortlessly, solving complex problems for our shippers and carriers. We collaborate with some of the best designers, engineers, and business partners to achieve our goals.

As a member of NEXT's Data Engineering Team, you'll have a meaningful and lasting impact on our data science & analytics practice. You should have a passion for the craft of software development and a track record of delivering exceptional technical solutions in a fast-paced high growth software company. You thrive in a startup where every individual has a significant impact on the technology is empowered to make decisions and get things done.

What You'll Do
Build large scale fault tolerant data collection and processing pipelines from the ground up
Develop software services that leverage data and machine learning to support NEXTs data science practice, helping improve customer engagement within our flagship products
Work with the platform engineering team to collaborate on instrumentation and event stream implementation within NEXTs core platform architecture.
Identify and leverage third-party data feeds to improve our overall data offerings
What You'll Have
3-5 Years of experience in Data engineering or related software engineering experience in a fast-paced start-up environment.
Track record of delivering ETLs, machine learning pipelines, and data products within a cloud-based microservices or event streaming architecture.
Experience developing solutions in a continuous delivery eco-system.
Strong verbal and written communication skills and able to communicate effectively to technical and non-technical team members
Motivated by a sense of urgency and ownership
Preferred Qualifications
Graduate degree in computer science.
Active involvement in the open source community.
Experience in transportation, logistics, and supply chain industries.
Experience in venture-backed startups or other hyper-growth environments.
What You'll Receive:


Competitive Base Salary + Equity
Full Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits
401K w/ company match
Vacation and Holidays
Fun perks: open office, dog-friendly, unlimited snacks, and monthly catered lunches!
Join a rapidly growing technology company disrupting the trucking industry",3.8,"NEXT Trucking
3.8","El Segundo, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Logistics & Supply Chain,Transportation & Logistics,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
290,Senior Software Engineer,-1,"You could say Brightree by ResMed is a technology company. And that’s true. But Brightree is, at its heart, about people. We develop innovative, end-to-end technology solutions and services for people facing everyday challenges in the post-acute care industry. Brightree helps streamline processes, improve efficiency, and increase profitability. For over fifteen years, organizations big and small have put their trust in us—for our wide-ranging solutions, our leadership, and our unmatched customer service. Going to work each day and creating new ways to positively impact our customers’ businesses and the lives of patients is just what we do. Because Brightree is, after all, about people.

To learn more about Brightree technology and solutions watch this short video by our CEO: https://vimeo.com/293016800

Let's talk about Responsibilities:
**Location - Peachtree Corners, GA***
Work as part of a team focused on researching, analyzing, and implementing the most highly performance applications possible. Collaborate with other engineers and product owners to identify best in class software solutions to complex problems in the HME industry
Maintain and refactor existing based on research and performance profiling
Lead technical design discussions that produces high-performance, highly scalable and resilient software components
DB design/changes
Provide unit tests for all code; assist quality assurance resources with developing test plans
Assist with the development of performance tests and contribute to performance testing framework development
Conduct code reviews with other developers, including security checks
Promote SOLID design principles for software development in a cloud-based environment
Mentoring junior members of the team
Participate in technical interviews
You are passionate about software and technology and you are relentless in pursuing software performance and optimization objectives
Ability to analyze data and make recommendations based on data insights
You share our customer centric culture
You like to be challenged and you enjoy solving highly complex problems
You are a great team player who possess strong interpersonal and communication skills

Let's talk about Skills and Experience:

5+ years of experience in software engineering, preferably for a software company using Microsoft technologies in a web-based application.
You are experienced with a range of tools and techniques for performance profiling, debugging, and log analysis
Any experience with performance testing tools and approaches; particularly MSTEST, JMeter is a plus
Knowledge of .Net (C# and/or VB.net), ASP.NET and web technologies such as SignalR, Web API, WCF, View.js, Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS, HTML and Ajax.
Experience with MS SQL Server (TSQL/SQL) in a high-volume transaction environment; ability to understand SQL query plans and develop solutions
In-depth knowledge of Microsoft-focused software systems and their architectures
OO knowledge and practical experience of design patterns
Practical experience with source code configuration, versioning, and promotion
Excellent problem solving, issue identification and technical documentation skills
Ability to manage multiple concurrent priorities and meeting deadlines
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Experience using VS 2017/19, SQL Server 2014/2017, .Net 4.7/Core & C# 6, 7 techniques
Agile software methodology experience
Experience working in a SaaS model
Experience working in environments with a DevOps Culture and exposure to Continuous Delivery is a great plus

#LI-NF1

Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!",3.5,"Brightree
3.5","Peachtree Corners, GA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
291,Senior Data Engineer,"$88k-$158k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Burgess you will work alongside some incredibly smart and talented engineers. You will be exposed to very large data sets from various domains that help us provide the best payment integrity platform to large healthcare providers. We are a small, but mighty (and growing) organization that is dedicated and passionate about our clients, our product, and the work each of us undertakes to delight our customers. At Burgess, you will be seen, you will be challenged, and we hope you have some fun along the way. Currently, our Data Solutions team is looking to bring aboard a new senior team member so we can increase our capacity and make larger strides in product development. If this sounds like an environment you would thrive in, keep reading.

In this role, we expect you to come to the table, ready to contribute to the team and let your years of experience and data engineering skills shine.

On a day to day basis, you can expect to:

Lead the charge to improve system performance, capacity, reliability, and scalability.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources such as flat files, Excel, Access, PDF, XML, JSON, EDI etc.
Create and maintain complex T-SQL scripts, stored procedures, functions, views, triggers, CTEs, Recursive table expressions etc. to handle large and complex datasets.
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture for various Burgess applications, provide channels and processes that pushes this data to various applications and are responsible for the integrity of the data.
Implement best practices for data updates and development, troubleshoot performance and other data related issues on multiple product applications.
Automate manual routine tasks and data process, optimize data delivery and infrastructure for greater scalability.
Develop reports on data dictionary, server metadata, user data etc. and implement the reporting tools as needed.Design, draft, cost, and present recommendations to leadership.
Analyze test results and work with Developers and Engineers to perform bug fixes.
Perform root cause analysis of performance issues and suggest corrective actions.
Oversee system performance lifecycle and identify key metrics for performance improvements.
Generate periodic performance reports for management review.
Lead, mentor, coach and train junior team members to ensure appropriate growth in skills, knowledge and scalability of the department.

Collectively, the Burgess team is dedicated to producing an exceptional product. Along the way, we care about each other, work to clear a path to get things done and consistently look for ways to expand our horizons to grow as individuals and as a company. If this sounds like a team you want to be a part of and bring the same commitment and energy to your work, we look forward to hearing from you.

Qualifications & Skills

Required:

US Citizen or Green Card holder
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field.
Minimum of 8 years’ professional work experience
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in a Data Engineer role
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in team leadership/management
Ability to model data to third normal form and understand the benefits of normalization.
Ability to analyze a query execution plan and devise a plan to improve query performance.
Ability to parse JSON and XML into relational form and transform a relational structure into JSON or XML.
Strong oral and written communication skills including the ability to engage appropriately with executives and author a wide range of technical documents

Desired, but not required:

Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar quantitative field.
Experience with industry standard version control system tools like Git, Bitbucket.
Experience with writing C# tasks in SSIS.
Experience with or an interest in alternative implementations of data storage such as MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Cassandra, and Hadoop.
Experience with or an interest in reporting technologies such as Tableau, Power BI and if the opportunity presents itself learning MDX and DAX.

Headquartered in Alexandria, VA, Burgess is a team of engineers, designers, policy analysts, data scientists, and business leaders who believe thoughtful technology can transform the ﬂow of resources in the American healthcare system. We are a small team solving a big problem in a system that affects millions of people every day. At Burgess, you will join forces with some of the brightest minds in technology, healthcare, and finance, directly influencing our day-to-day decisions and ultimately, the impact we have in the world. Your Contributions Truly Matter. We are a growing company, so you’ll be given plenty of creative freedom and the opportunity to thrive—everything you do will count. We look forward to hearing from you.",2.5,"The Burgess Group LLC
2.5","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
292,Sr. ETL Developer,"$80k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Additional Locations:
Job Description
This is your chance to radically change the game and use your technical skills to transform healthcare. You'll be a trusted senior member of an agile, high energy and innovative Information Delivery team responsible for the design, development, testing and support of our complex on premise and cloud based solutions used to support critical business decision making.
Independently perform the analysis, design and development of ETL used to deliver data and information to best meet customer needs.
Write well designed, testable, efficient code to support varied and more complex IT solutions.
Provide strong technical expertise and collaborate with other IT specialists to rapidly develop and deliver stunning solutions that meet changing business needs.
Perform all necessary discovery and fact finding to fully understand more complex business problems and opportunities and independently execute all assignments.
Evaluate options and make solution buy vs. build recommendations to management when requested.
Analyze and recommend solutions to development and production issues while effectively communicating to the project team, applicable vendors and/or the manager in a timely manner.
Research and stay abreast of technology trends and IT best practices, with a focus on continuous learning and possible application to the business.
Provide direction and assistance to less experienced team members.
Hiring Requirements
Bachelors degree in computer science, mathematics or other relevant technical field OR Associates degree specifically in computer science. Candidates with non-technical degrees may be considered with the completion of a relevant technical certification program.
5 years development experience.
With no degree, 7 years of experience required.
Direct experience with at least one development ETL language/technology (i.e. , Ab Initio, Informatica, etc).
Experience collaborating effectively with vendors and business partners for solution delivery
Hiring Preferences
Experience with testing methodologies with the stated major development language(s)/technology.
Experience with a Teradata database management system preferred. Experience with NoSQL databases is also a plus.
Cloud experience a plus.
Strong relationship management and collaboration skills to facilitate effective working relationships with varied stakeholders and team members, including vendors.
Ability to manage and/or participate in projects and ensure work is completed on time with high quality
Strong problem solving skills, with a focus on understanding overall business issues and determining innovative solutions
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Must be self-directed, highly organized and adaptable with the ability to effectively multi-task as needed
Familiar with current and emerging technologies and has the willingness to investigate and suggest new technology to meet business needs.",3.8,"Blue Cross and Blue Shield of North Carolina
3.8","Durham, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1933,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
293,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
294,Senior Database Engineer,-1,"Visual Lease is looking for a talented, hands-on, Senior Database Engineer to join our engineering organization. In this role, you’ll work with our cross-functional Engineering team, and our industry experts to design and build powerful, yet easy to use web-based SaaS applications. You will follow and promote the latest technology patterns and best practices. You’ll also directly support our move to a microservices architecture. This change, along with our move to Amazon Web Services (AWS), will involve a schema redesign and a move from MS SQL Server to Aurora PostgreSQL.
The Senior DB Engineer candidate is a well-studied, influential technologist. He/she has C# and/or Python development skills with STRONG backend experience. The ideal candidate will have the proven ability to learn complex application business logic and design needed database structures. This exciting role is positioned to make an enormous impact on our technology roadmap, and have a strong voice and influence within the engineering team.

Acts as our database subject matter expert and develops the vision for our database architecture
Responsible for the performance, scalability and security of database architecture
Documents our current and future relational database structure, making changes needed to best support a microservices architecture and leveraging AWS services
Develops migration tools and oversees the migration of data from MS SQL Server to Aurora PostgreSQL
Provides key input on schema design for future reporting considerations
Provides hands-on support to both: development teams with database needs for new features, and operations teams with database scripts and utilities
Mentors engineering team members around modern database architecture principles, and lead by example with developing optimal relational database structures and queries
Works with the Operations team to monitor, analyze and tune application performance
Lends support for database-related incident tickets for investigation and resolution
May develop microservices in C# or Python to interface with database ORM
Follows software engineering standards and best practices. Perform code reviews

6+ years’ experience with database design, development and maintenance in a Cloud SaaS environment
2+ years’ experience with Postgres (Aurora Postgres preferred) in production
Experience with large-scale data migration projects
Experience with designing high performing reporting schemas
Experience with database design in a microservices architecture (without functions and stored procedures)
Experience implementing data solutions with AWS is highly desired
Knowledge of multiple embedded or cloud-based analytics tools is highly desired, such as: MiroStrategy or TIBCO Jaspersoft
Experience with data warehousing, data modeling, and multidimensional data models is helpful
A solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, and OO Design with fundamentally strong programming skills in Python, C#/.net
Bachelor’s or advanced degree in Computer Science or related field with 6+ years of engineering experience
Self-starter with excellent communication skills, influencing, and follow-through skills
Intellectual curiosity and an ability to collaborative support multiple Scrum teams in a fast-paced, iterative product development environment
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

We have a passion for simplifying the complex. Our lease accounting and lease administration software helps companies manage, analyze and report on their leased asset portfolios. Loved by more than 700 major companies worldwide, our cloud-based SaaS platform embeds decades of lease management and financial accounting expertise.
Over the last two years, our employee base has seen significant growth. Voted one of NJ’s Best Places to Work, we are looking for driven, innovative and passionate team-players to help us continue this journey and bring us to the next level.
Visual Lease is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Visual Lease is a background screening, drug-free workplace. Full-time positions offer a competitive benefits package and salary commensurate with experience.
www.visuallease.com",3.8,"Visual Lease, LLC
3.8",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
295,Data & Analytics Platform Engineer,-1,"Job Overview

JDSAT is an Operations Research and Data Sciences firm currently seeking an enthusiastic, self-driven, and experienced Data & Analytics Platform Engineers to assist the US Navy’s Bureau of Medicine and Surgery (BUMED) to help architect, engineer, and implement modern advanced analytical decision support platforms and to help advise Navy’s BUMED on developing strategies, frameworks, roadmaps, data pipelines, governance structures, and similar for comprehensive data analytics infrastructure.

The qualified candidate will be trained in and possess 6-8 years’ experience in a technical field like data engineering, data science, computer science, or similar. The successful candidate is able to lead teams in the development of analytical solutions and integration into software products that fit within the client’s operating environment (moving toward cloud-based infrastructure over time). Project management expertise is expected, including familiarization with PMP, Agile/Scrum, and DevOps and, ideally, certification in or more method. The qualifying candidate must have proven experience delivering modern system architectures for large, complex organizations.

The Ideal Candidate will be a proven dynamic leader with experience visioning, developing, and leading digital transformation for complex organizations with relatively immature data analytics capabilities. The ideal candidate will be expert in modern advanced analytical techniques in data science, big data, operations research, and computer science and understand how to employ and leverage modern infrastructure (cloud, on-premise, and/or hybrid) to develop flexible, generalized analytical workflows. And, the ideal candidate will be superb communicator, strategic thinker, and capable of distilling complex information into decision-generating insight for senior government leaders.

This position requires a SECRET clearance or demonstrated ability to obtain such clearance.

Requirements

Responsibilities
Oversee an analytics and software development team in architecting and implementing an advanced analytical decision support tools based on a combination of existing applications and new requirements developed based on evolving client needs.
Serve as primary interface between JDSAT and client leadership in all matters pertaining to client’s enterprise analytics strategy.
Collaborate with client to identify, develop, and document requirements.
Collaborate with client and project personnel to shape vision and strategy for enterprise analytics services.
Assist client in identifying key performance measures needed to assess, evaluate, and continuously improve its enterprise analytic strategy.
Assist client in identifying gaps, shortfalls, impediments, and critical challenges that must be addressed to achieve enterprise analytics vision and develop plans, approaches, and methods to overcome challenges.
Assist client in analyzing and evaluating investments related to enterprise analytics, including prioritization of resources related to personnel, training, IT infrastructure, data management, and analytical tools or platforms.
Assist client in developing and managing a transformation plan. This may include development of frameworks, roadmaps, plans of action, or similar strategic plans. May also include development of transformation teams needed to execute transformation as defined by the enterprise analytics strategy.
Assist client in developing systems and software development teams to implement capabilities in accordance with its enterprise analytics strategy.
Assist client in promoting and championing its enterprise analytic strategy to create and maintain momentum for organizational change.
Assist client in analyzing, evaluating, and planning for resources to build, maintain, and service its enterprise analytics strategy.

Requirements

Required Skills and Abilities

Bachelor’s (or higher) in a technical field relating to enterprise analytics, data, or IT architecting or similar, including: data science, computer science, engineering, data engineering, information science, operations research or similar. For backgrounds not directly related to enterprise analytics architecture relevant hands-on experience may be required.
Minimum 6-8 years’ experience in one of the above fields, with at least 2-4 years’ experience developing enterprise-level analytics, data, or IT architecture solutions in the context of modern analytical, practices, tools, or techniques.
Demonstrated experience in managing and/or directly employing analytical solutions in data science, computer science, statistics, machine learning, operations research or similar domain. Candidate is not required to have mastered direct delivery of all possible techniques but must demonstrate understanding of these techniques and what is required (in terms of enterprise architectural services) to employ them.
Demonstrated understanding of modern analytical and information technology infrastructure tools and platforms, including how to employ, implement, and maintain cloud-based, on-premise, or hybrid solutions. Candidate must be able to understand how and when to employ solutions and be able to articulate the arrangement of these technologies to support an enterprise analytics strategy.
Demonstrated delivery of analytical decision support using modern infrastructure commonly referred to as “big data”, such as: Apache Spark, Hadoop; H2O.AI; MAPR converged data platform; Amazon Web Services; Microsoft Azure Cloud; or technologies related to this ecosystem.
Demonstrated understanding of modern software and system engineering and development practices, such as DevOps and Agile. Candidate must demonstrate understanding of how these teams are formed, managed, and executed to enable candidate to assist client in employing such capabilities as part of its enterprise analytics strategy.
Excellent knowledge of enterprise change management, project management, and knowledge management practices.
Superb and dynamic communicator capable of building strong relationships and conveying information to strategic and technical audiences.
Superb and dynamic critical problem-solving skills and ability to vision strategic solutions.
Possess or be able to obtain an active SECRET-level security clearance.

Desired Skills and Abilities

Master’s (or higher) in a technical field relating to enterprise analytics, data, or IT architecting or similar, including: data science, computer science, engineering, data engineering, information science, operations research or similar.
Minimum (12) years’ experience in one of the above fields, with at least (6) years’ experience developing enterprise-level analytics, data, or IT architecture solutions in the context of modern analytical, practices, tools, or techniques.
Demonstrated delivery using advanced analytical techniques such as machine learning, artificial intelligence, predictive analytics, or similar.
Demonstrated delivery of analytical decision support using modern infrastructure commonly referred to as “big data”, such as: Apache Spark, Hadoop; H2O.AI; MAPR converged data platform; Amazon Web Services; Microsoft Azure Cloud; or technologies related to this ecosystem.
Experience as a consultant, especially in the context of contracting for large, complex federal agencies.
Experience with and understanding of Department of Defense organization and culture.
Experience with military healthcare system.

Benefits

At JDSAT Inc., you will be joining a collaborative and energetic team with excellent career development opportunities. You will sharpen your knowledge on challenging projects with a great deal of autonomy while operating alongside other talented Operations Research, Data Science, and Management professionals. We like to cultivate our talent and promote from within by offering a variety of leadership and advancement opportunities throughout the company. We offer: above-market salaries; a competitive benefits package; a commitment to achieving the right work/life balance; and meaningful work to improve our employees and our clients.

JDSAT Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, age, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.

We are proud of our diverse environment, EOE, M/F/Disability/Vet. Strive for excellence with JDSAT!",-1,JDSAT,"Falls Church, VA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
296,Embedded System Engineer(Japanese/English Bilingual),-1,"Job Description
A Japanese IT service company has an immediate opening for Embedded System Engineer.*
The successful applicant for this embedded system engineer position is expected to provide excellent communication skills as well as Embedded Software Development knowledge. The embedded system engineer will work directly with clients to implement the following: *
Perform as a technical liaison between the software development team and the US client side(a well-known tier-1 OEM supplier).
Collect customer requirements and create specifications based on the clients' needs and follow up its progress. Involves no programming work.
Analyze the requirement specifications, conduct Q&A sessions to clarify discrepancies and/or concerns.
Software update support and assist activity with test driving such as benchmarking evaluation, acquiring CAN data logs and making reports.
Test and evaluate products following an evaluation specification.
Create estimations or quotes by working with the sales department
Undertake any project work and accomplishes engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed.
Embedded System Engineer Requirements: *
While a candidate with automotive and/or home electronics industries experience is preferred, an emphasis will be placed on the following:
Fluency in Japanese and English communication is a must.
Ability to understand the entire system structure, and strong verbal and written communication skills as a liaison.
Knowledge of programming language, C/C++ is plus, but not necessary.
Flexibility to adjust to changing needs.
Demonstrate solid project management skills.
Excellent planning skills.
Ability to understand and satisfy customer needs.
Ability to appropriately handle confidential information.
Should be a self-starter with strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Starting Salary: *DOE
Salary Review: *Once a year
Benefits: *Health Insurance (including life insurance & Vision), Dental Insurance, 401k, Sick Leave, Paid Vacation, Bonus ( Twice a year \* depends on business performance )
Qualification Questions
You have requested that Indeed ask candidates the following questions:
How many years of System Engineer or Software Development experience do you have?
Have you completed the following level of education: Bachelors?
Do you speak Japanese?
Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Language:
Japanese (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Benefits offered:
Paid time off
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Other types of insurance",-1,"Total Computing Solutions of America, Inc.","Southfield, MI",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
297,Maintenance Engineer,-1,"JOB PROFILE (a summary of key responsibilities and subjective attributes): *
The engineer I will provide Four Diamond service with attention to detail, quality, and consistency. The engineer maintains the facilities, equipment, and guestrooms of the hotel in impeccable condition at all times by consistently implementing our preventative maintenance program, regular equipment maintenance, upkeep of facilities and ensuring building safety.

STANDARD SPECIFICATIONS*:

To perform this job successfully and individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

SKILLS AND Qualifications:
Essential: *
1) Possess a positive, outgoing and friendly personality.

2) Understands systems: plumbing, electrical, pneumatic, fire, life, safety, kitchen and laundry.

3) Has one year or more of field experience in plumbing, carpentry, cosmetic repairs, air conditioning, refrigeration, hot water systems, swimming pool maintenance, electricity, electronics, small appliance repair, laundry repairs, or construction background.

4) Average knowledge of trades including soldering, brazing, welding, proper wiring methods, proper techniques for cosmetic and furniture repairs.

5) Ability to apply basic concepts of geometry and do conversions of various units of measure.

6) Must have a basic knowledge of electronics, electrical circuits, wiring, HVAC and hydraulics.

7) Ability to learn and retain what you have learned and apply it to the job at hand.

8) Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions.

9) Ability to troubleshoot problems, evaluate situations, and determine effective and efficient resolutions.

10) Ability to properly use a wide variety of tools, including power tools.

11) Exercise good judgment and be a clear thinker in pressure situations.

12) Ability to focus and give attention to details.

13) Ability to follow directions and work without direct daily supervision.

14) Ability to work well with a team.
Desirable: *
1) Experience in the hospitality industry or equivalent.

2) Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions furnished in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.

3) Knowledge of proper chemical handling.

4) Basic ability to communicate in the English language. Bilingual English/Spanish preferred.

5) Understanding of different types of personal protective equipment (PPE) and when to use them.

6) Higher level education and/or experience in trades such as: HVAC, plumbing, electrical, carpentry, appliance repair, painting and drywall.

7) CPR certification.

8) Certified lift operator (forklift, scissor lift, boom lift)

9) CPO (Certified Pool Operator) certificate.

10) EPA 608 universal certification.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: *
This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the associate occupying this position. Associates will be required to perform any other job-related duties assigned by their supervisor.

1) Ability to satisfactorily communicate with guests, management and co-workers.

2) Respond to guest complaints and perform the required corrective maintenance in an efficient manner.

3) Perform maintenance throughout the property, following schedules for guestroom preventative maintenance, equipment maintenance and facilities upkeep.

4) Follow up with guests, mangers and fellow associates regarding the status of your work.

5) Efficiently process and prioritize tasks.

6) Remain attentive to guests, continually serving them to exceed their expectations.

7) Remain calm and courteous in difficult situations, resolve issues when possible and report to supervisor.

8) Display work habits that promote accident prevention.

9) Adhere to health department sanitation and safety regulations.

10) Understand fire, life and safety procedures, shut off valves, fire control panel, etc.

11) Handle chemicals in accordance with OSHA regulations and hotel requirements.

12) Ensure equipment is functioning properly.

13) Report housekeeping needs to executive housekeeper promptly.

14) Communicates to the Director of Engineering / Supervisor the need for tools, supplies, materials or training to enable the execution of exceptional work.

15) Maintain confidentiality of hotel guests and pertinent hotel information.

16) Ensure security of guest rooms and hotel property, including assigned keys and communication devices.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends required
Day shift
On call",-1,"Allegretto Vineyard Resort - Paso Robles, CA","Paso Robles, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
298,Server Database Service Engineer I,"$33k-$61k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Challenging convention. Trying new things. Reshaping an industry.

The team at Duck Creek helps insurance companies bring amazing ideas to life quickly and easily with software that thinks and works like they do. We're fueled by sharing ideas openly, challenging conventions, trying new things, and valuing ""Why not?"" over ""Why?"" Our certainty that there is always a better way to do things keeps carriers ahead of their competition and is helping to reshape an industry.

If having a hand in transforming one of the world’s oldest and largest industries into a standard for innovation, open exchange, and peerless user experience sounds exciting, let us know. We may be looking for you.

Server Database Service Engineer I

The SQL Server Database Service Engineer I (aka SQL Server DBA I) will be responsible for the implementation, configuration, maintenance, and performance of critical SQL Server systems, to ensure the availability and consistent performance of our applications. The role is a “hands-on” position utilizing solid technical skills, as well as excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS/RESPONSIBILITIES
Manages SQL Server databases through multiple product life cycle environments, from development to mission-critical production systems.
Configures and maintains database servers and processes, including monitoring of system health and performance, to ensure high levels of performance, availability, and security.
Refines and automates regular processes, tracks issues, and documents changes
Provides 24/7 support for critical production systems.
Performs scheduled maintenance and support release patching deployment activities after hours.
Shares domain and technical expertise, providing technical mentorship and cross-training to other peers and team members.
Performs other related duties and activities as required.
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS

Education and Work Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in higher education level, or its foreign equivalent, in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related engineering/computer field.
Minimum 5 years of professional experience
Minimum of 3 years of experience as a Senior Database Administrator with experience in Azure Environments
Minimum of 5 years of experience with SQL server, Data modeling (Erwin, Er/Studio or other modeling tool and 2+ years combined).
2+ years of experience in SQL server Database version 2012 or greater and Windows environments.
1+ years of experience within Azure and SQL server Database version 2016 preferred.
Experience working with Windows server, including Active Directory
Experience with Performance Tuning and Optimization, using native monitoring and troubleshooting tools
Experience with backups, restores and recovery models.
Specialized Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities:
Proficient with Stored Procedure, creating and altering tables, knowledge of SQL server security, SSIS packages
Knowledge of High Availability (HA), Mirroring, Availability Groups, Replication and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for SQL Server
Excellent written and verbal communication
Flexible, team player, “get-it-done” personality
Solid technical skills, as well as excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Other Requirements:
Travel: 0-10%
Special Work Hours: 1) 24/7 support for critical production systems; and 2) After hours for performance scheduled maintenance and support release patching deployment activities.
Work Authorization: Legally authorized to work in the country of the job location.
Physical: Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects. If the use of arm and/or leg controls requires exertion of forces greater than that for sedentary work and the worker sits most of the time, the job is rated for light work.",4.1,"Duck Creek Technologies
4.1","Rosemont, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
299,Data Architect,"$52k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Architect

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Architect to lead the development of our new Google Cloud data platform, lead our Data Engineering team, and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As a leader in our Data Science department, the Data Architect will:
Design the platform architecture on Google Cloud Platform, including machine learning productionization capabilities, and collecting inputs from teams around the organization
Lead the Data Engineering team and data platform development, including the transition and cutover plan from the existing approach to the new platform
Manage the Data Engineering team and its workload across several internal customers, including the current data engineering work while the platform is developed
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Define and establish data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information.
Implement continuous improvements with the Data Engineering team using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be required to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Manage the implementation of data governance in our platform, including security, role-based access and other features as appropriate
Demonstrate and reinforce key attributes & values of our department, including curiosity, critical thinking, drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact.
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Architect reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience:
Communication and Relationship-building – with both technical and non-technical peers and stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Architecture, for data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline design to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – orchestrating services, containers, and servers – typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – schema and model design across structured and unstructured data and use cases including machine learning, BI, and Analytics – all the way through to implementation oversight
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – pattern design and implementation oversight
Cloud engineering – certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – designed for all formats and methods, including queuing methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and method
Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.3,"Benefits Data Trust
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
