,Job Title,Salary Range,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Data Scientist,-1,"Back to search results
Previous job

Next job

JOB DESCRIPTION

A BIT ABOUT OUR DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS TEAM

Mars Petcare Data Science & Analytics team is core to our strategy. We’re using digital, data and customer insights to transform our business by finding answers to problems that we’ve often never asked ourselves before. Our vast data assets are being combined to build a 360° view of pets and pet owners to not only power Kinship’s businesses but also influence the next great ideas in the pet care space. This role will be key in helping us understand the power of our data, and how this translates into value for our company, our pets, and pet owners everywhere. Frequently the projects will be ambiguous, but that’s part of the fun; you will determine the best way to leverage our data to tell the right story for any given audience.

HOW YOU’LL CREATE A BETTER WORLD FOR PETS
Apply advanced analytics & data science approaches to understand and predict pet and pet owner behaviors
Collaborate with internal and external teams to ensure we focus on pet-centric product and service recommendations
Support new pet technology businesses and partners by generating actionable insights from our data assets
Develop compelling stories that provide insight into the drivers of business performance and pet/pet owner behavior
WHO WE NEED TO CHART THE FUTURE OF PET CARE

We strive to hire people who are passionate about our mission: Shaping the Future of Pet Care. For all of our Kinship roles, we look for candidates who exemplify our core values. We believe what we do is just as important as how we do it, and we aim to hire people who are:
Optimistic
Purposefully Inquisitive
Open to All
And for this role, we hope you have the following skills we require to knock it out of the dog park:
Truly inspired by, and want to live, our purpose of creating a better world for pets.
4+ years’ experience in a data science role handling varied and complex data
Varied technical experience in delivering statistical analytics, data science and insight on large-scale consumer data sets across multiple sectors, including packaged goods and retail
Hands-on experience with Python is required; Familiarity with PySpark is also desirable
Comfortable with ambiguity, with a passion for collaboration to achieve objectives
A Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (economics, statistics, business, computer science) or equivalent experience
Passion for growing and strengthening a business using data driven approaches
Familiarity with cloud-based computing services e.g. AWS, Databricks, etc.
Enjoys explaining how technical concepts to both non-technical and technical stakeholders.
WHY JOIN US?

We offer our associates a unique opportunity to have a completely customizable career within pet care. Through Kinship you will work with and learn from a community of industry executives, pet partners, entrepreneurs, and fellow associates across our startup investment companies, outside partners, and in Mars Petcare. Our nimble and flexible approach to work allows you to make an immediate impact across businesses, while learning new skills at every stage. The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care. Join us in our mission to chart the future of pet care, alongside the industry’s brightest minds.

Kinship’s offices are global, and so are our associates. We are located in NYC, San Francisco, Portland, London, Helsinki, Shanghai, and in Moscow. Many of us flex between our dog-friendly hubs and our home offices. Today, Kinship offers exceptional benefits for you, your family, and your pets, generous paid time off, exponential opportunities to build a career within pet care, and progressive reward packages. Interested? Let’s take big strides, together.",4.0,"Mars
4.0",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1911,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
1,Data Scientist,"$69k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Scientist in Diversity and Inclusion will be part of a team working on ground floor change that will continue to strengthen St. Judes culture and work environment. We are looking for someone who is very analytical, has strong critical thinking skills, and is a strong communicator. This position will be responsible for using data to unlock trends, build predictive analytics, and provide key insights that are critical for the success of St. Jude operations. Using the data and trends, the selected individual will be presenting charts, graphs, and presentations to St. Jude management teams. The individual will collaborate with other Data Scientists at St. Jude and members of the Diversity and Inclusion team to gain domain knowledge across all areas of the hospital. If this position excites you, please apply and we look forward to reviewing your application.

Perform all data pre-processing steps including but not limited to collecting data in collaboration with Data Engineers, data cleansing, normalization, feature selection and dimensionality reduction

Develop machine learning models or use stochastic models

Document all technical and business aspects associated with each project
Master's degree in Statistics/Mathematics/Business Analytics or related fields is required
Four (4) years of experience in data analytics/reporting required, with at least two (2) of those years of experience in exclusive data science role
Two (2) years in a data scientist role required with a doctoral degree (PhD)
Must possess implementation experience of data science solutions using R/Python/Scala, Matlab, RapidMiner, SAS, Spark, Excel or related technologies
Clinical/Health Care domain experience preferred
Strong background in statistical analysis and root cause analysis is preferred
Strong verbal and written communication skills is preferred
R/Python/Data Scientist/other related certifications preferred
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.",4.7,"St. Jude Children's Research Hospital
4.7","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1962,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
2,Data Scientist,"$70k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Position at Homes.com

Homes.com is looking for a Data Scientist in Norfolk, VA to join our team of IT professionals. You'll be working with our Business Intelligence Team to support and grow our premier real estate portal. You'll participate in technical research, developing models, data analysis, machine learning and be expected to bring your own ideas to the table to help keep us innovating.

Responsibilities:
Forecast site traffic for use in inventory calculations
Analyze and report on trends such as home valuations
Develop suggestion models
Help develop image classification models
Requirements:
BS or MS in computer science, data science, mathematics or other related field
2+ Years working as a Data Scientist
1+ Years Experience working with Time Series modeling
Experience working with Jupyter Notebooks
Experience working in R and Python
Experience providing Statistical Analysis
Nice to Haves:
Experience working in a cloud environment
Experience working with a relational database

About Homes.com

Homes.com offers today's demanding home buyers, renters and those somewhere in between a simply smarter home search. With features like Homes.com Match, HomeShare and Snap & Search, homeshoppers now have a more personalized way to search for their next home. Since its launch over 25 years ago, Homes.com offers real estate professionals brand and property advertising, search engine marketing and instant response lead generation to help them succeed online. For more information, visit Homes.com.

About DE

Dominion Enterprises (DE) is a leading digital marketing and software services company offering client solutions across multiple business verticals. Our customers rely on our B2B cloud SaaS solutions to establish their online and mobile brands, generate leads, and manage customer relationships through our Homes.com, Dominion Dealer Solutions, Dominion Business Solutions / DX1, Travel Media and Franchise and Business Opportunity divisions. Our B2C web and mobile applications include Homes.com, HotelCoupons.com, FranchiseOpportunities.com, FranchiseGator.com, Franchise.com, and BusinessBroker.net.
About 2,000 employees reside and work in our Norfolk, VA home office and in offices across the U.S. Our employees will tell you about our collaborative, innovative, team-oriented work environment, excellent career enrichment opportunities, community service opportunities, competitive earnings, and a comprehensive benefits package that includes a generous 401(k). DE is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workforce. DE is a drug-testing employer.",4.2,"Homes.com
4.2","Norfolk, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
3,Member Data Analyst,"$43k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Blue Federal Credit Union employees work hard, have fun, and win for our members and each other! Our Member Data Analyst performs quantitative and qualitative research using statistics to analyze programs, products and services offered, market potential, competitive intelligence and industry standards to recommend and guide market efforts. Recommends marketing activity based on research and technical analysis. Independently drives data analysis and develops insights for use by management.
Directs central market research function, anticipates and evaluates useful market information, establishes standards for research methodology, and identifies opportunities to expand the scope of business.
Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends and patterns in complex data sets to develop recommendations to be used in promoting the organization and improving positioning, image and support within the target market.
Maintain appropriate databases and data systems for the department. Implements data collection systems and updates. Acquires and abstracts primary and secondary data from existing internal or external data sources.
Develops graphs, reports and presentations. Performs statistical analysis upon request. Creates and presents quality dashboards. 3-4 bullets on education and experience
Assists in development and production of direct marketing initiatives through analysis of target market universe, list development, design and production.
Must comply with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the Bank Secrecy Act, the Patriot Act, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control.
Experience: Three years to five years of similar or related experience, including preparatory experience.

Education/Certifications/Licenses: A college degree.

Interpersonal Skills: A significant level of trust, credibility and diplomacy is required. In-depth dialogues, conversations and explanations with customers, direct and indirect reports and outside vendors can be of a sensitive and/or highly confidential nature. Communications may involve motivating, influencing, educating and/or advising others on matters of significance.

Other Skills: Strong analytical spreadsheet and communication skills, demonstrated ability to handle multiple project simultaneously, new product development, packaging design, competitive analysis, consumer promotion, advertising media and copy, scan data analysis. Familiarity with MCIF systems, CD-ROM directories and market data on disc, survey research and statistical analysis software, mapping software, market research directories and online data services.",4.1,"Blue Federal Credit Union
4.1","Cheyenne, WY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
4,Data Scientist,-1,"TACG is a driven Alaskan Native 8(a) professional consulting firm, that focuses on employee growth in collaboration with client delivery. Our portfolio ranges from support work with Health and Human Services to highly skilled Defense consulting. We have recently been awarded as one of INC.5000's fastest growing companies and received multiple best places to work awards. How can you help shape TACG?
Position Summary:

TACG is looking for a Data Scientist to support the business in defining information/data requirements to allow for the design, development, testing/evaluation, implementation and sustainment of critical business applications and IT capabilities. The Data Scientist will provide technical expertise in Business Intelligence (BI) tools and programming languages to support data analytics, data visualizations, and predictive analysis.

Responsibilities:
Applies analytic methodologies and principles to address client needs.
Applies analytic techniques in the evaluation of project objectives and contributes to the implementation of strategic direction.
Performs analyst functions including data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Performs data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Excellent analytical skills
Experience using SQL, Python, and R languages for statistical analysis
Experience using Tableau Desktop, Prep Builder and Reader for the generation, sustainment and viewing of data visualization dashboards
Experience in ETL, specifically with data resident on SharePoint
3 years of experience with a Bachelor's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering; or, 1 year of experience with a Master's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering.
Education & Certification Requirements:
Four year degree or a Master's Degree in Computer Science, Business, Management or related field
Preferred Skills:
Creative thinker
Strong communication skills
Proficient in MS Office suite of tools, specifically MS Excel.
Excellent team skills.
Experience or understanding of AF or DoD processes, data and systems
Disclaimer:
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions
All work will be performed in an office environment.
Physical Requirements:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The employee is frequently required to talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk; reach with hands and arms to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision.
Citizenship: United States
Security Clearance: NACI background will be required
Percent of Travel Required: Up to 10%
FLSA Status: Full-time, Exempt
Benefits:
We understand that our employees make us the great company we are, so we want to give back as much as possible. Whether it's our flexible wellness program that gives you the power to do what makes you happy or focusing on career development utilizing our tuition reimbursement, we're sure to have every benefit you're looking for, to also include; matching 401(k), Medical, Vision, and Dental Coverage and much more!

TACG is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.",4.7,"TACG Solutions
4.7","Dayton, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
5,Data Analyst,"$59k-$73k
(Employer Est.)","Data Analyst

Job Details
Job Location
Yakima - Yakima, WA
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Bachelor's degree
Salary Range
$58,900.00 - $73,600.00 Salary/year
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Information Technology
Description
Who is Comprehensive Healthcare?
Comprehensive Healthcare provides innovative behavioral health and integrated healthcare services to clients of all ages. We take pride in our creative and collaborative work environment and in delivering clinically excellent, trauma-informed, recovery-oriented services.

What are we looking for in a Data Analyst?
As a member of the Information Services department, the Data Analyst supports Comprehensive’s technology and business initiatives by coordinating the collection, storage, and utilization of essential data. This position will work closely with leadership and other staff to determine data needs for specific projects or ad hoc requests, and then gather, interpret, and present the information to the team. The work of the Data Analyst will impact day-to-day clinic operations as well as business decisions, so a high degree of accuracy, thoroughness, and timeliness are essential. Previous experience performing data analytics in the healthcare field is required. The Data Analyst will work on-site in our Yakima office.

Data Analyst duties may include:
integrating data from internal & external sources and performing extract, transform, and load operations to data in various applications
analyzing data to identify and interpret patterns or trends in data sets
performing data audits to identify problem areas & implementing strategies to optimize data integrity and process improvements
assisting with the design & implementation of database warehouse structure and developing standards for the design of data elements
supporting the implementation, testing, and validation of data & software systems
assisting with ongoing data architecture processes & governance
providing Tier II technical support to employees
documenting all work as it is completed
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data analytics, or related field
Three years of experience with data analysis within the healthcare industry
What Comprehensive Healthcare Can Offer You
Training and Development
A variety of career opportunities in a wide range of settings with room for mobility and promotion
Regular training opportunities including support, supervision, and consultation in implementing evidence-based services and programs
Innovative Program & Services
A strong reputation for providing quality, evidence-based services within a collaborative multi-disciplinary team environment
Innovative, forward-looking leadership that seeks to thrive in an ever-changing healthcare environment
Joint Commission-accredited organization committed to continuous quality improvement
Established partnerships with major research universities and other community and healthcare providers to implement cutting-edge treatment programs and services
Excellent Benefits
Competitive salaries within our communities and industry
Healthcare coverage for employee and qualified family members
Generous vacation, paid holiday and sick leave policies
Access to Employee Assistance Program services
Agency-funded retirement plan with contributions equal to 5% of compensation
Additional retirement investment opportunities with a 50% investment match of up to 4% of compensation
Agency-funded life and disability insurance program
Equal Opportunity Employer
Comprehensive Healthcare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. We value the diverse perspectives and strengths that our employees bring to the workplace and we encourage individuals from underrepresented groups to apply for our positions. The Human Resources department offers accommodations and assistance for the application and interview process; please contact us at (509) 575-4084 to make arrangements.",3.3,"Comprehensive Healthcare
3.3","Yakima, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
6,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,"$46k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Overview:

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for turning data into knowledge, enabling business decisions.

Specific Duties Include:
Partnering with the user community to create new business intelligence, reporting and data analysis solutions.
Maintaining existing software systems related to business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Identify improvements to existing business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Capture, develop, and document data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirements.
Build and maintain ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) and integration processes.
Validate data delivered to user community.
Ensure compliance with Protolabs data and software policies and procedures.
Monitor software systems to ensure reliability and accuracy of information loaded into the databases.
Maintain all documentation related to database objects, source systems, and operations.
Conduct complex, important work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgment.
Minimum Qualifications:
6+ years of experience working in software engineering
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with Domo
Experience with PowerBI
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS)
Ability to work on multiple project concurrently
Ability to manage time effectively
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast paced, collaborative environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Previous leadership experience preferred
Knowledge of document databases including Raven
Previous experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX
Previous experience with Salesforce
Software development in a continuous integration and continuous deployment environment
Proto Labs maintains ITAR-compliant operations in all of our United States based facilities. Due to ITAR regulations, this role is only open to U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire in this role.

Proto Labs, Inc. is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer",2.1,"Rapid Manufacturing
2.1","Nashua, NH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
7,Data Scientist,"$55k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sartorius Stedim Data Analytics, a market leader in advanced analytics and provider of Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions, is on a strong growth path driving new innovative solutions in the field. It currently has an outstanding opportunity for a Data Scientist to drive customer applications, support the Sartorius sales teams and feedback customer needs into the development of new solutions. The incumbent for this key role will have a strong customer focus to help secure innovation and growth from both new and existing customers.

What you can look forward to
Assisting customers in solving business related problems using advanced data analysis and data driven technologies
Supporting implementation of advanced analytics in industry
Analyzing large amounts of data and building data driven models
Initiating, leading and driving customer projects
Training customers on the use of our software
Supporting sales (pre/post)
Supporting marketing & development
Performing regular follow up with customers to track satisfaction, secure project momentum and discover additional opportunities
Creating technical documents
Attending and presenting at conferences, seminars and forums
Developing & cultivating strong relationships with external and internal stakeholders
Being part of a team of data scientists
Skills and experience
Minimum of a bachelor's degree (master’s degree preferred) in a relevant field (engineering, life sciences, informatics, automation/control, etc.)
Minimum two years’ work experience within Biopharma or Pharma
Minimum two years’ working knowledge of applied statistics including MVDA, DOE, MSPC, PAT, QbD, Model Predictive Control (MPC), MMPC, AI/Machine learning
Strong bioprocess knowledge preferred
Familiarity with Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions preferred (MODDE, SIMCA, SIMCA-online, Control Advisor, Active Dashboard)
Working knowledge of prescriptive analytics a plus
Working knowledge of Python scripting preferred
Working knowledge of MATLAB, data historians and control strategies a plus
Teaching, consulting and project management experience a plus
Excellent communications skills, strong presentation skills
Comfortable working independently
Comfortable working from home office, willingness to travel (~25%)
Strong identification with Sartorius core values: sustainability, openness, enjoyment
Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organization suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognized for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin. We are also an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.

Please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by OFCCP here

E-Verify Participation Info

E-Verify Workers Rights

Interested? Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organisation suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognised for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

To find out more about Sartorius as an employer visit us on Sartorius Careers

Become part of our global team.",3.6,"Sartorius
3.6","New Oxford, PA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1870,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
8,Environmental Project Scientist - Level II,-1,"Ransom Consulting is seeking an experienced *Environmental Project Scientist (Level II) *to join our team of environmental scientists and engineers. The Project Scientist will bring their strong knowledge of environmental and geological principles to assess and oversee complex environmental contamination scenarios.

Responsibilities will include:
Oversees site drilling and sampling including site preparation, determination of well and boring placement, and coordination and providing direction to subcontractors on site (drillers, excavators, etc.) to ensure that work is completed timely and according to Scope of Work (SOW) and applicable regulations. Uses experience and judgment to make decisions on increasingly complex technical issues related to the project.
Conducts site reconnaissance to identify contaminants and other environmental risks as well as collecting and compiling documents to support of due diligence reports.
Develops and presents findings and recommendations using approved templates and formats (e.g. tables, project logs, site data) and in accordance with the QA/QC process. Prepares all letters and reports for the project ensuring accuracy, formatting consistency, etc. and presents to the Sr. Project Manager for final review/approval before presentation to client.
Provides peer review of reports/letters, etc. within technical capability and expertise.
Provides training to staff on appropriate field work procedures and equipment operation, as well as documentation and analysis of findings.
Follows designated procedures for sampling and data collection to ensure thorough analysis and presentation of site risk.
Follows all health and safety protocols.
Successful candidates will have:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in environmentally oriented field (geology, environmental science, hydrology, engineering, etc.). Master’s degree preferred.
3-6 years of experience in a scientist/engineering role.
Understanding of environmental and geologic principles relative to environmental contamination and remediation.
Extensive knowledge of federal, state and local environmental regulations. Ability to research and develop understanding and application of new regulations or regulations in a new technical area.
Skilled with field sampling equipment operation and application; field screening procedures, sample collection procedures and subsurface investigation methods.
Ability to train staff on equipment, procedures, and SOPs.
Ability to confidently lead staff and contractors on multiple, complex site events to successful completion.
Ability to collect and interpret data, draw preliminary conclusions, and make recommendations based on understanding of project and client requirements.
Strong writing skills and the ability to present complex technical information in audience appropriate language and format.
Strong interpersonal skills to work effectively with co-workers, clients, sub-contractors, vendors to meet project objectives.
Physical Requirements and Work Conditions
The position includes field and office work (app. 60/40). For field work, employees must be able to stand, walk, and use arms and hands to operate equipment. Employee must be able to work in a variety of temperatures and weather conditions (cold, heat, rain, snow) and lift standard field equipment and supplies of up to 50 pounds alone or collaboratively.
The employee is required to drive to job sites and must have the ability to travel on short notice as well as the ability to travel to locations that may be 2-3 hours from the home office on a regular basis. There may be occasional overnight travel.
A valid driver’s license and reliable transportation is required. (A driver’s license check will be conducted upon hire and annually thereafter).
Noise protection and other PPE, including protective clothing or respirator, may be required on job sites.
Employee must maintain OSHA HAZWOPER certification and participate in the Medical Monitoring program.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Ransom has implemented full infection control and response plans for our offices and for when employees do field work that reflect CDC guidance.

Experience:
environmental science: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
Driver's License (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
If you do not currently live within commuting distance of Providence, please describe your relocation plans.
Company's website:
www.ransomenv.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Ransom Consulting Engineers and Scientists,"Providence, RI",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
9,Data Scientist,-1,"About Us

Mindoula is a next-generation behavioral health management company that delivers tech-enabled, team-based 24/7/365 behavioral health support across the continuum of care. We are building the best population health management and analytics platform by using the latest technologies in big data and data science. Also, we are developing a comprehensive platform to address the needs of pre and post hospital care for large populations.

We are currently seeking to fill in multiple roles in technology and data to help build great technology helping Mindoula to grow faster.

About You

We are looking for a talented data scientist who has a great passion for solving business problems by providing data insights through data modeling and analysis. You will work with senior leadership and data/technology teams to understand and solve complex business problems by developing data models and various techniques to analyze the health populations.

Responsibilities:
Derive insights from data analysis and modeling using multiple datasets, derived from the company platform, data provided by our customers etc.
Develop a comprehensive profile of the patient/member using the data available.
Apply statistical techniques to understand health data and analyze outcomes.
Apply data science algorithms and techniques to understand the member profile and prepare the data such that these insights help the care management team in addressing needs of our customers and members.
Be part of the data team, collaborate with product and engineering teams in developing the data required to support the functionality and new features of our platforms.
Must be self-driven and a quick learner.
Requires strong problem-solving, analytical and communication skills.
Healthcare data experience (claims, groupers) is a plus.
Technologies:
Data science: Analysis/Machine learning/AI algorithms and modeling.
Data Platforms: Spark, Python/Scala.
Strong SQL experience.
Databases: Postgres, Microsoft SQL Server
Hosting: Microsoft Azure
Tools: Github, CircleCI, CodeClimate
Requirements:
Minimum 3 years of experience in position
Healthcare experience with managing claims data
Compensation:
Competitive salary.
Generous benefits
This position is open to both as an employee or as a contractor/consultant.",3.8,"Mindoula Health Inc
3.8",Maryland,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
10,Geospatial Data Engineer (TS/SCI-Full Scope Polygraph),-1,"Clearance: Current TS/SCI ISSA (Full-Scope Polygraph) required*
Description: Provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The data engineer will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Other Technical Skills:
Experience scripting in Python and using NiFi
Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS (or willingness and ability to learn)
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality
Core Competencies:
Conceptual, quantitative, organizational, research, writing, verbal communication, and graphical representation skills.
Sound judgment and creative problem solving and independent working skills.
Sound interpersonal and teamwork skills to work with individuals and organizations, to include varying levels and types (Government, industry, and academia).
Facilitation skills to bring diverse groups together on issues and reach consensus across stakeholders.
The ability to perform complex analyses and to communicate its results using accurate, concise, and effective writing and through descriptive and graphical representations.
Technical understanding of the systems supporting aspects of the functional areas.
Knowledge of standard tools [e.g., the Agency Data Services Network (ADSN), iCE workstations, Microsoft Office, the Agency Internet Network (AIN), and the Microsoft Office software applications], as appropriate; and a demonstrated ability to learn to use and support other tools that may be added or developed as the program evolves.
Flexibility in assisting with ad hoc tasks and in adjusting as tasks are re-prioritized.
Travel: Minimal CONUS travel may be required.

Company Information: New Light Technologies (NLT) provides comprehensive Information Technology, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) and Remote Sensing technology consulting and staffing solutions for government, commercial, and non-profit organizations. NLT employs a cadre of experienced project managers, infrastructure experts, system architects, data scientists, web developers, geospatial experts and software engineers who work across a broad range of COTS, Open Source, and custom technologies to devise the best solutions. NLT specializes in DevOps enterprise-scale Systems Design, Integration, Development, and Management, and offers exceptional capabilities in Infrastructure Modernization, Cloud Migration & Management, Virtualization, Microservices, & Containerized Computing, and the development of High-Performance Mobile Computing solutions.

NLT has a diverse customer base and is looking to bring on team members to work on-site, virtually, and embedded with our customers to help them reach, meet, and exceed their mission goals in every engagement. NLT offers competitive salaries and benefits including PTO, Healthcare, access to a vast network of group benefits such as commuter benefits and retirement plan access. NLT is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
COVID-19 considerations:
While most of our work is done remotely during the COVID-19 Pandemic, this job in the National Security Sector requires physical presence on site.

Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Please list any presentations, repos, or other online content that is publicly available if you have them. For proper consideration, please make sure to take our skills tests in this indeed posting.
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Contract Length:
1 year
More than 1 year
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Likely
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://NewLightTechnologies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"New Light Technologies, Inc.
5.0","McLean, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
11,Data Analyst,"$50k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Rational is growing, and we need amazing talent to join our team. If you have an entrepreneurial attitude with a deep spirit of service and killer subject expertise, we want to talk to you. We are always looking for the next great consultant to raise the bar and push Rational to be better than we were yesterday. Staying hungry, curious, and looking forward to what’s next is part of our DNA.

This Data Analyst will be part of Rational's Technology & Data Practice and supporting one of our large biotech projects. This individual will provide strategic and tactical consultation, leadership in delivering solutions, and oversight of processes and systems.  The position requires solid technical foundation, domain knowledge, as well as strong verbal and written communication skills with a proven ability to clearly communicate technical information to a non-technical audience.

This is a full time position within Rational's Technology Practice. This position is not available for Visa sponsorship or C2C work.

What you will do:
Serve as the Business Analyst subject matter expert supporting, but not limited to Commercial portfolio
Network with a new and evolving IT environment, business team, and vendors to foster strong relationships and build partnerships
Understand strategy and how it translates to executable programs, projects, and efforts that align with strategic goals while taking the environmental constraints and opportunities into account
Collaborate with cross-functional professionals to deliver high-quality and innovative solutions that meet the business needs and create new opportunities
Provide analytic support of various levels of complexity including large, multi-year, cross-functional efforts with internal and external influencing factors
Negotiate conflicts and complex issues to an expeditious and satisfactory resolution
What you will bring:
3+ years of exposure to the orchestrating technology solutions for technical and/or Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical organizations
3+ years of experience in the Business Analysis or equivalent role with solution delivery and process improvement supporting cross-functional implementation of IT solutions in the Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical industry
3+ years of experience in organization financials, financial reporting
Familiarity with applications used in the business area such as Salesforce and Veeva
Working experience in SQL Server and Snowflake (preferred, but not required)
Proven knowledge of IT solutions and application management through various product cycles and evolving work environments
Demonstrated technical understanding of application architecture to include application servers, web servers, configuration files, relational databases, and reporting applications
Ability to proactively plan, organize, deliver with limited oversight, prioritize, and quickly adapt to changing situations
Excellent communication skills, including the ability to interface and influence internal and external partners at multiple organization levels
Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills, with a high degree of self-motivation and ability to work independently
Proficient in essential tools such as Power BI, Smartsheets, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.
Who you are:
Data Lover. You know your numbers and value the metrics behind the buyer story.
Collaborative to the Core. Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment, as a leader and member.
Well-rounded Professional. You have amazing communication and organizational skills along with high EQ.
Proactive. You are always thinking ahead about what is best for the Client.
Adaptable. Change happens at lightning speed; you are flexible, enjoy challenge, and get behind new ideas
Rational is a customer experience (CX) solutions firm that pairs the capabilities of a strategic consultancy with the creativity of a full-service digital agency. We design and activate compelling experiences that create strong connections between people and brands. We put humans at the center of business and partner with our clients to deliver meaningful experiences that help their customers while driving business success. Customer satisfaction at every level is our ultimate metric, and it's what drives our mindset, skillset, and company culture.

Incredible people are our non-negotiable. Our experienced team of consultants spans the globe. We love what we do, and who we do it with – let’s begin our next chapter together.

Rational is committed to ensuring all candidates have an equal opportunity to be considered for employment. Please let us know if you need any reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process.",2.7,"Rational
2.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
12,(Sr.) Data Scientist -,-1,"Thursday, June 11, 2020

Merrick Bank is a top-25 credit card issuer and merchant acquirer in the VISA/MasterCard networks, and a major recreational vehicle lender.
The Bank is a Utah Financial Institution and a member of the FDIC.

At Merrick Bank, we specialize in credit programs that assist people looking to build or rebuild their credit. We are FDIC insured and recognized as a top-20 issuer of Visa® cards. In total, we proudly serve over 2.4 million cardholders and have extended over $5.3 billion in credit.

Our Mission is to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers, our employees, and our community. We work hard to create a work environment that empowers our associates to grow, learn, and reach their potential.

This position is a member (or, a senior member, depending upon qualifications) of the Data Science and Modeling team, and will support and work with other members of the team to produce the models, reports, and analysis as required for the bank. Data science, machine learning and statistical programming are the core competencies of the position, but in addition, the applicant should work well with others, have a desire to learn, be self-motivated, and have excellent communication and presentation skills.

REQUIRED SKILLS, ABILITIES, KNOWLEDGE, AND EXPERIENCE:
Master's degree in a relevant quantitative field, or a bachelor’s degree with a significant amount of relevant work experience.
Firm knowledge of statistical theory, data science, or machine learning algorithms is a requirement.
Expertise with R or Python is required.
Experience with any of the following computer languages is also desirable: CUDA, FORTRAN or C/C++, SAS, SQL, Unix shell scripting, or LaTeX.
Experience with HPC (High Performance Computing), or Parallel Computing would be a plus. Experience with SLURM would be outstanding.
Experience in the banking industry, specifically in credit cards, is not necessary, but would be desirable.


PRIMARY DUTIES:
Statistical programming, model development and implementation.
Communicating results, both verbally and in writing.
Work both individually and in a collaborative manner with a team.
Designing, validating, and improving data driven decision making processes and strategies.
Building key metrics and modeling reports for communication with executives.
Compliant with Laws & Regulations.

What’s in it for you:

Competitive salary (DOE)

Benefits package -Medical, Dental and Vision (plus much more)

401(k) Plan with Company Match

Short & Long Term Disability

Group Life and AD&D Insurance

Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days

Employee Events, including Employee Appreciation Day, Holiday Party, etc.

Tuition Reimbursement Program
Candidates must have unrestricted authority to work in the
United States without sponsorship.

Merrick Bank is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability,
veteran status, and other legally protected characteristic. The EEO is the
Law poster is available here: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm

Please go to our website www.merrickbank.com to apply and learn more about our company

We are an equal opportunity employer. Merrick Bank will do a thorough background check for all hires. This includes a review of your personal credit history, drug testing, background check, and employment/personal references. A good credit history is important.

Other details
Job Family
Account Acquisition & Data Science
Pay Type
Salary",3.5,"Merrick Bank
3.5",Utah,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
13,Data Scientist,"$79k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientists

Job Description
Join an elite group dedicated to continuous personal improvement as GCT is currently seeking Data Scientists of all levels to support an intelligence agency with insights gained from analyzing voluminous sensor data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Candidates must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Clearance: TS/SCI w/Full scope polygraph (or used within the past 24 months)

Education/Experience Requirements

Senior Positions:
Masters degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, or extensive comparable experience
10+ years of relevant experience
Junior/Intermediate Positions
Completed B.S. in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a closely related technical field
3-9 years of relevant experience
Qualifications
Experience using statistical computer languages (SAS, SPSS, R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights fromlarge data sets
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong problem solving skills
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques
Desired Skills
Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, Bayes, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, AWS, etc.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, etc.
The success of Great-Circle Technologies depends on the success and well-being of its employees. GCT promotes work/life balance and encourages the overall well-being of each of its contributors. A comprehensive benefits package is provided, which currently includes company paid single medical, dental, life, disability, and long-term care insurances (with contributions to family premiums,) matching 401k plan, 34 days off per year including 10 Federal holidays plus the day after Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year’s eves!

Join us at Great-Circle Technologies, where innovation is the shortest distance between two points.

Great-Circle Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Great-Circle Technologies ensures all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, ethnic background, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, or protected veteran status.",2.2,"Great-Circle Technologies
2.2","Chantilly, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
14,Data Scientist,"$80k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Brief

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Overview

IFG Companies is in search of a Data Scientist to join its growing Predictive Modeling team.

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Responsibilities
Build predictive and/or Machine Learning models in SAS
Research new statistical and mathematical techniques that are suitable and helpful for solving business related problems
Prepare data for modelling and make best/creative use of applicable and available internal or external data
Identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged for modeling efforts
Support related processes around effectively deploying model to business
Effectively communicate results in written, oral and presentation formats to technical and non-technical audiences
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related discipline
3+ years of Data Modeling or similar experience.
Experience with predictive modeling (classification, regression, parameter tuning, optimization criteria, feature selection), preferably with multiple techniques
Experience in model validation techniques, model testing and continuous monitoring of model performance
Experience in Property & Casualty Insurance is strongly preferred.
Demonstrated experience working with large relational data sets.
Working knowledge in SAS, R, Python or another platform to develop and implement predictive models.
Ability and willingness to quickly gain knowledge of SAS enterprise guide and enterprise miner.
Ability to communicate complex technical information in common language to foster teaching and analytics guidance to internal customers.
Advanced experience in analytics, data cleaning, and predictive modeling.
Ability to write queries in SQL.
Detail-oriented and ability to work collaboratively
Physical Demands
Physical demands are considered to be that of an office environment, climate controlled, with minimal physical exertion. This position requires prolonged sitting, ability to utilize a computer and interactions with others in meetings or via phone.
Benefits
We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), flexible spending, short-term and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, long-term care, education assistance and paid time off.
IFG Companies is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. M/F/D/V",2.7,"IFG Companies
2.7","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
15,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"Chat with a recruiter today! Follow this link: https://flashrecruit.com/jobs/50818747

Job Overview:
Our client will be hiring a Senior Data Scientist with deep technical capability and energy storage or renewable energy industry experience. Python and SQL coding skills are required.

Report to the Sr. Director of Product Management. Assist with developing, refining, and advancing energy storage technology for use in the next generation of the grid.

***We are unable to work with 3rd-party or C2C candidates for this role***

Responsibilities
Model and algorithm development
Work with Product to help prototype new analytics and optimization offerings
Conduct deep dive analyses of product challenges and opportunities; formulate conclusions and recommendations to be presented to senior leadership
Produce written recommendations and insights for key stakeholders that will help shape effective metric development and reporting
Simplify and automate reporting, audits, and other data-driven activities; build solutions to have maximum scale and self-service ability by stakeholders
Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, analysis, and documentation
Support business with time-critical tactical data analyses

Qualifications
5+ years of experience in predictive analytics or data science.
1 year of Energy storage or renewable energy industry experience.
2 years of experience with relational databases - e.g. SQL, Redshift, Data Warehouse, etc.
1 year of experience programming in Python.
An ability to thrive in a highly ambiguous, fast-paced and rapidly changing environment
Chat with a recruiter today! Follow this link: https://flashrecruit.com/jobs/50818747",-1,Tech Talent Link,"Tualatin, OR",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
16,Data Scientist,-1,"COMPANY

AccuWeather, recognized and documented as the most accurate source of weather forecasts and warnings in the world, has saved tens of thousands of lives, prevented hundreds of thousands of injuries and tens of billions of dollars in property damage. With global headquarters in State College, PA and other offices around the world, AccuWeather serves more than 1.5 billion people daily to help them plan their lives and get more out of their day through innovative digital media properties, such as AccuWeather.com and mobile, as well as Business Solutions (AFB), radio, television, newspapers, and the 24/7 AccuWeather Network.

Additionally, AccuWeather produces and distributes news, weather content, and video for more than 180,000 third-party websites. Among AccuWeather's many innovative and award-winning features free to the public are MinuteCast® Minute by Minute™ forecasts with Superior Accuracy™. Further, AccuWeather serves more than half of Fortune 500 companies and thousands of businesses globally.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with multiple data formats, databases, and storage technologies to perform comprehensive analysis and report findings.
Partner with different departments to determine needs, scope solutions, and communicate findings to non-technical audiences.
Independently perform data cleaning, merging, analysis, and visualization including predictive analytics, statistical modeling, and machine learning.
Visualize and communicate results.
Engage in cloud-based development & implementation of machine learning.
Explore, test, and implement methods that perform machine learning techniques that will leverage some of the largest datasets on the planet.
Design and build technology that supports continuous improvements in machine learning driven forecasting systems.
Support AccuWeather labs innovation efforts.
Keep abreast with best practices and trends.
QUALIFICATIONS:
B.S. or M.S. (preferred) in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Meteorology or a similar, relevant field.
Experience working with and deploying projects in a cloud infrastructure.
Experience accessing and working with scientific data sets.
Familiarity working with large datasets leveraging technology that may include BigQuery, AWS Athena, Tableau, and/or Power BI
Analyzing data through R and/or Python
Familiarity with one or more RTB ad management & DSP & SSP platforms
Deep mathematical and technical understanding of many AI methodologies.
Excellent organizational and time management skills.
Desire and interest in keeping up to date on what is and what is new in data science.
AccuWeather is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here. The pay transparency policy is available here.

AccuWeather is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to human.resources@accuweather.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.",3.7,"AccuWeather
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1962,Company - Private,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
17,Data Scientist,"$89k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

The Data Scientist is responsible for leading the design, development, and implementation of advanced quantitative models to evaluate the ITSM environment and to inform a variety of strategic and tactical business decisions. The Data Scientist works collaboratively across the service delivery teams and MSI to build and drive recommendations that translate into practical, measurable actionable insight and process improvements.

What Youll Get to Do:
Builds queries to monitor the IT Service Delivery environment to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management and proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the Service Providers, retained IT, and management teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Lead Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Apply the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Evaluate, analysis and interpret data to develop recommendations for service and process improvement
Lead a team of data analysts to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Define and deliver a solution to clean-up data and provide the appropriate level of data hygiene
Analyze complex data schema (tables, reference, relationships) from multiple data sources/platforms
Define new data collection and analysis processes
Design and develop approaches leading to data automation, integration processes, and improvements
Normalize and redesign existing data schema according to requirements, business direction, and commercial best practices
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Minimum of 5 years experience in the designing data models and conducting statistical data analysis, data manipulation, data visualization, and value modeling and simulations
B.S. in Mathematics, Computer Science or Engineering
A strong understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Experience developing and implementing data dashboards, data automation, and reporting systems to convert data into actionable information
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities
Significant experience with conceptual, logical and physical data modeling
ITIL Foundations certification
Excellent communication skills effectively translating data analysis concepts to a business audience
TS/SCI with Poly
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
M.S. in Statistics, Data Analysis or Information Technology
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Hands-on knowledge working with modeling tools: Tableau, Lime Survey, Strata, VBA, and SPSS
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
BITS3

allspark

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
18,Data Scientist,"$80k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Data Scientist will partner with stakeholders from various business functions to identify data science opportunities, have the knowledge, experience and technical skills to leverage internal and external data, and apply the right machine learning/big data technologies to turn such data into valuable insights and solutions for the company. The candidate will be tasked with gathering and integrating large volumes of data to develop complex predictive / machine learning models to drive actionable results and insights especially in the areas of fraud / anomaly detection, claims automation / self service and general efficiency opportunities. This is a highly visible and impactful role where the Data Scientist will interact with the senior and executive level management and have the opportunity to influence what we do and how we do it through data science.

Responsibilities:
Create a collaborative and effective working relationship with functional leaders to understand business problems, identify opportunities / use cases to improve the performance of our businesses
Lead / Contribute to the development of actionable solutions. This includes all aspects of the solution development including problem and goal definition, defining a plan for:
Sampling of the data and conducting experiments
Data extraction
Ingestion and processing (outlier and missing data handling)
Exploratory data analysis
Feature engineering (weight of evidence, label encoding, label count encoding, target encoding, time-series, polynomial interactions, binning, outlier handling)
Feature selection (forward, backwards, information value)
Hyperparameter optimization of machine learning models
Experiment tracking for A/B testing and reproducibility, model evaluation, model interpretability, results communication and deployment
Contribute to the adoption and better understanding across the company of data science best practices and tools and stay up to date regarding new knowledge and developments in this domain
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Core skills in Computer Science: Data Structures, Algorithms, Programming Paradigms and Relational Databases
Deep working experience applying statistics and machine learning techniques to real-world problems and data and deploying models to production
Hands-on experience with SQL and tools to access databases
Expertise in Python and R
Expertise with open source data mining/machine learning/big data programming libraries, models and frameworks (e.g. Pandas, Scikit-Learn, H2O, TSFresh, FeatureTools, MLflow, Shap, Microsoft Interpret, Tensorflow, Statsmodels, Pandas-Profiling, Seaborn, Plotly, Spark, Koalas)
Working experience with cloud computing services such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Excellent presentation skills to non-technical Associates communicating complex concepts in terms the audience can understand through understandable language, tables and visualizations
When evaluating the candidate, special attention will be paid to the following competencies:
Intellectual Curiosity and Critical Thinking, necessary to analyze a problem from multiple perspectives and examine the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated
Autonomous, to own projects end-to-end; ability to work on the entire stack without being dependent on other team members
Focus, to design and test a technique over days and weeks, find it doesn’t work, learn from the failure, and try again
Creativity, to invent and try new approaches to solving a problem
Attention to Detail, in order to maintain rigor and to detect and avoid over-reliance on intuition when examining data
Clear and concise written and oral communication, in order to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner
Interpersonal skills, necessary to build good working relationships and work as part of a team
PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math or a related discipline or equivalent skill set",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
19,Data Scientist,"$77k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Every Analyst a Scientist - One of our primary goals is to empower intelligence analysts to be able to study their data like scientists. The tools we develop focus on streamlining intelligence analysis through integrated algorithms and software that provide insight into the geopolitical landscape for use in operational intelligence missions around the world.

The Role:

As a Data Scientist, you will live by our motto that “Data is Destiny.” You will work with a diverse collection of massive datasets, including social media, structured and unstructured text, geospatial, time series, and imagery data. You will design, test, and validate statistical tests and machine learning models in support of cutting-edge problems in the national security space. Your expertise as a data scientist will aid a diverse team of researchers to build state-of-the-art tools and technologies that are deployed to extract and enrich intelligence used by analysts.

If you would like to help intelligence and defense analysts keep pace with technology-driven innovation, then this role is for you!

Who you are:
A U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain a Security Clearance
A degree in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, or Computer Science
Experience in statistical modeling including performance evaluation and uncertainty quantification
Proficiency with a scientific programming language, preferably Python, and familiarity with Numpy, Pandas, and/or Scikit-learn packages
Experience in grooming sparse, incomplete, and noisy datasets
Motivated collaborator who is an excellent communicator of ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences
Even better:
Active Clearance
MS or PhD in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Data Science or 2+ years of relevant work experience
Familiarity with handling and analyzing data at scale, for example using Hadoop, Dask, Spark, and MapReduce
Working knowledge of data store tools such as SQL and Elasticsearch, and experience interacting with databases
Experience with deep learning and neural network training, testing, and evaluation with fluency in Tensorflow or PyTorch
Specialized expertise in a data-rich field such as time-series analysis, graph analytics, geospatial analysis, image processing, or Bayesian programming",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
20,Data Scientist,"$83k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist

Language: English

Location: Memphis, TN

Travel: <10>

Buckman is a privately held, global specialty chemical company with headquarters in Memphis, TN, USA, committed to safeguarding the environment, maintaining safety in the workplace, and promoting sustainable development. Buckman delivers exceptional service and innovative solutions to our customers globally in the pulp and paper, leather, and water treatment sectors to help boost productivity, reduce risk, improve product quality, and provide a measurable return on investment. Buckman is in the middle of a digital transformation of its businesses and focused on building the capabilities and tools in support of this.

Position Summary
Buckman is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to lead the development of a Data Science program at our Memphis facility. You will work closely with Buckman stakeholders to derive deep industry knowledge across paper, water, leather, and performance chemical industries. You will help develop a data strategy for the company including collection of the right data, creation of the data science project portfolio, partnering with external providers, and augmenting capabilities with additional internal hires. A large part of the job is communicating and developing relationship with key stakeholders and subject matter experts to tee up proofs of concept projects to demonstrate how data science can be used to solve old problems in unique and novel ways. You will not have a large internal team to rely on, at least initially, so individual expertise, breadth of data science knowledge, and ability to partner with external companies will be essential for success. In addition to the pure data science problems, you will be working closely with a multi-disciplinary team consisting of sensor scientists, software engineers, network engineers, mechanical/electrical engineers, and chemical engineers in the development, and deployment of IoT solutions. If you like working for an entrepreneurial company with a Sustainability mission and digital ambitions at the core of its strategy, Buckman is the place for you.

Competencies Needed for Success
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
5+ years of relevant working experience in an analytical role involving data extraction, analysis, and visualization
Expertise in one or more programming languages R, Python, MATLAB, JMP, Minitab, Java, C++, Scala
Key libraries such as Sklearn, XgBoost, GLMNet, Dplyr, ggplot, Rshiny
Experience and knowledge of data mining algorithms including supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques areas such as Gradient Boosting, Decision Trees, Multivariate Regressions, Logistic regressions, Neural Network, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Naive Bayes, Time Series, Optimization
Microsoft IoT/data science toolkit: Azure Machine Learning, Datalake, Datalake analytics, Workbench, IoT Hub, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, Time Series Insights, PowerBI
Data querying languages (e.g. SQL, Hadoop/Hive) and Preferred Qualifications
A demonstrated record of success with a verifiable portfolio of problems tackled
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s or PhD degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
Experience in the specialty chemicals sector or similar industry
Background in engineering, especially Chemical Engineering
Experience starting up a data science program
Experience working with global stakeholders
Experience working in a start-up environment, preferably in an IoT company
Knowledge in quantitative modeling tools and statistical analysis",3.6,"Buckman
3.6","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1945,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
21,Energy Research and Data Analyst,-1,"Company Overview:

Edison Energy, a wholly owned subsidiary of Edison International (NYSE: EIX), provides independent, global advisory solutions to help large corporate, industrial, and institutional clients better understand and navigate the choices and risks of managing energy. Through a portfolio approach, Edison Energy enables decision-makers in organizations to deliver on their strategic, financial and sustainability goals.

Providing a suite of specialized services across sustainability, analytics, renewables, supply, and demand, Edison Energy addresses the three biggest challenges in energy today: cost, carbon, and complex choices.

Position Overview:

This role is an entry-level position within Edison’s Integrated Services team.

The primary goal for the Integrated Services team, which the Energy Research and Data Analyst position reports to, is to gain efficiencies through process development and standardization for client service delivery while maintaining the highest level of accuracy, timeliness and professionalism.

The Energy Research and Data Analyst will help internal and external customers achieve their goals by developing and maintaining custom reporting comprised of accurate and reliable data. This position is also responsible for maintaining various internal and external software programs utilized in data management and reporting.

Primary Responsibilities:
Prepare and develop various customer accounting and management reports (month-end costs, marked-to-market, budget reports, unit cost, volume/spend analyses, etc.)
Thoroughly analyze and validate key customer metrics across multiple data management systems to ensure accuracy and to identify trends and anomalies
Audit invoices against applicable tariff and/or contract terms
Resolve discrepancies directly with vendors and track avoided costs
Process invoices for payment according to customer parameters
Special Projects
Conduct research pertaining to industry, clients, utility tariffs, rate schedules and riders
Support energy managers with complex supply RFP activities
Collaborate with internal teams to serve client needs
Seek operational efficiencies through process development and standardization
Job Requirements:
Previous exposure to the energy industry is preferred, specifically doing data analysis and reporting
Attention to detail
Ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities and deadlines
Customer service, analytical and organizational skills
Proficient in Microsoft Office; particularly Microsoft Excel
Motivated to continually improve processes and tools
Eager to learn
Interpersonal skills with ability to communicate both written and verbally in a professional manner
Aptitude to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and create plan for resolution
Ability to decipher and process data points from multiple channels
Ability to effectively learn and work independently in a remote environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree (Business, Finance, Accounting or Engineering preferred)
Work Environment:
Regular professional, office business setting
Noise level ranges from low to moderate (if in office setting)
Noise level ranges from moderate to high (if on construction worksite)
Benefits for Full-Time Employees:
Generous Paid Time Off (includes but not limited to Paid Parental Leave, Bereavement, Jury Duty, Sick, Vacation, etc.)
National Holiday Pay& Float Holidays
401(k) Employer Matching
Health Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
Employer 100% Paid Life Insurance Benefits
Employer 100% Paid Short Term and Long Term Disability
Supplemental (Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits, Cancer/Critical Care, Hospitalization, Accident)
Recognition of Hard Work and Exemplary Performance
Clean, Air Conditioned, Friendly Working Environment
Discretionary Bonus Based on Several Factors
LOCATION: This position will be located in Dublin, OH.",2.6,"Edison Energy
2.6","Dublin, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
22,Data Analyst,"$48k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description/Responsibilities


Position Summary:Nutrisystem is seeking a Marketing Data Analyst to join its growing Analytics community. This role will develop, manage, and deliver analytical solutions to solve complex business challenges. The Marketing Data Analyst will closely interact with online and offline Marketing, Product Development, Call Center Sales, Retail and Finance to influence key business decisions through fact-driven insights. The ideal candidate will possess excellent analytical and communication skills and have a history of thriving in fast- paced business environments.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

• Develop queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform and prepare data for analysis, ad-hoc and automated reporting and modeling. Create visualizations for variety of projects.

• Support ad-hoc analysis, discussions and conclusions around the efficacy of marketing channels to drive revenue per customer, length of stay and lifetime value.

• Analyze data to describe customer behavior and preferences, understand marketing channel effectiveness, diagnose customer experience problems, size marketing opportunity and measure the impact of marketing initiatives.

• Prepare and deliver insight presentations and recommendations. Communicates complex material in digestible terms appropriate for each audience. Educate company executives and the broader marketing team on analytical findings and implications using storytelling and data visualization techniques.

• Design analytic plans, translating business problems/opportunities into analytic approaches. Engage with project sponsors and stakeholders to understand each business question. Probe for hidden questions and goals. Bring structure to each request and translate requirements into the appropriate analytic approach.

• Participate in special projects and performs other duties as required.

Qualifications


• Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, Information Technology, Computer Science or other quantitative field required. Master’s degree preferred.• Must have minimum of five (5) years of experience working in an analytical role with a history of taking on additional responsibilities with data analysis, measurement reporting

• Must have five (5) years of experience with SQL programming

• Must have minimum of three (3) years of experience working with relational databases and associated data query tools. Experience with cloud databases a plus (e.g. AWS Redshift, Google BigQuery, Snowflake).

• Must have proficiency in data visualization and report writing technologies using at least one of the following Business Intelligence tools Tableau, Power BI, QLIK or SAS. Knowledge of Looker preferred.

• Domain experience in marketing analytics: customer acquisition, digital marketing, response modeling, identifying customer needs, predicting customer behavior, next best offer, churn, customer lifetime value preferred

• Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy

• Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience presenting to senior executives distilling complex concepts into actionable recommendations

• Advanced Microsoft Excel skills including pivot tables, data manipulation and analysis

• Ability to work in a team-oriented environment.

About Tivity Health:

Tivity Health® (Nasdaq: TVTY) is a leading provider of healthy life-changing solutions, including SilverSneakers®, Nutrisystem®, Prime® Fitness, Wisely Well™, South Beach Diet® and WholeHealth Living®. We are actively addressing the social determinants of health, defined as the conditions in which we work, live and play. From improving health outcomes to reversing the narrative on inactivity, food insecurity, social isolation and loneliness, we are making a difference and are transforming the way we do health. Learn more at TivityHealth.com.

Tivity Health is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a proactive program of diversity development. Tivity Health will continue to recruit, hire, train, and promote into all job levels without regard to race, religion, gender, marital status, familial status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or veteran status.",3.1,"Tivity Health
3.1","Fort Washington, PA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1981,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
23,Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Capsule


The Data Scientist analyzes complex and unstructured data using state-of-the-art data science methods for data driven decision making. This role uses knowledge of data science methods and applies analytics to solve real world problems. The Data Scientist will work with customers to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop applications and collaborate actively across the organization and with senior management to accomplish various objectives.

Job Duties/Roles
Apply advanced data science concepts to deliver data driven digital offerings and insights
Be able to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality assessment and improvement
Experience with Data Visualization tools such as Power BI or Tableau or Spotfire
Use machine learning and artificial intelligence methods, classification, regression algorithms
Comfortable working independently on data engineering, pre-processing and data preparation tasks to prepare data for further analysis
Generate Intellectual Property for the company
Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR)
Python - Numpy, Pandas, lamdas, keras, Tensorflow, MS Cognitive AI, Matlab, R, SQL
OOP(Object Oriented Programming)
ANN, RNN, Classification, Clustering, CNN, Regression tools
Exposure to building RestFul APis for data science modelling is a plus
Practical experience using predictive analytics, multiple approaches, to ID abnormalities and failures using time series and unstructured data sources.
Knowledge of data architectures and systems is a plus
Minimum years of Experience


Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in data / analytics.

Country Requirements


Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident (US Person) and able to work on Government Data with ITAR classification

Required/Preferred Education Requirements


BS degree required in Data Science or Computer Science or Engineering or another relevant field",3.5,"American Bureau of Shipping
3.5","Houston, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1862,Other Organization,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
24,Data Scientist,"$80k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

MMIT is growing from the leading drug coverage data business into a comprehensive, integrated market access company serving pharmaceutical manufacturers, health insurers, PBMs and healthcare IT companies. Their suite of applications is designed to manage an ever-changing proprietary set of pharmacy and medical benefit information and to provide a structured view of complex market access information. By embedding their data and SaaS applications across healthcare, they help ensure transparency, consistency and informed prescription decisions across the MMIT Network. They partner with hundreds of payers and pharma manufacturers ensuring that their products continually capture and analyze coverage and restriction criteria for more than 98% covered lives.

Team Overview

The MMIT Product Management Team is charged with developing, growing and maintaining the MMIT product portfolio that smooth access to lifechanging therapies. This entails managing products through all phases of the product lifecycle, from concept to sunset. The product management team embraces a market-backed perspective, champions unmet client needs, and is committed to a highly accountable and collaborative Product Management approach.

Job Description

MMIT is seeking experienced Data Scientists to meaningful contributes to the growth and development of the MMIT product portfolio. Ideal candidates are comfortable working with large, complex data sets to help inform, simplify and actualize key product capabilities. They will have comfort collaborating with various stakeholders and navigating ambiguity with limited direction. They will dedicate themselves to understanding the MMIT product portfolio (both current capabilities and future product roadmaps) and key data dependencies to inform data models, architecture, and new product development.

To succeed in this role, you will apply your skillset to

· Inform, create and/or maintain master data hierarchy, attributes and structure.

· Bridge claims data and coverage data – Refine existing rules and create and continually improve new methods for accurately assigning pharmacy and medical claims volumes to MMIT controller entities

· Apply data science to the creation of short and long form geographic market and controller entity descriptive narratives (NLP / NLG)

· Translate product management strategy into actionable data science deliverables, guiding development of data models, business rules and other advanced analytical capabilities

· Excel at communicating across a broad set of cross-functional stakeholders.

· Work collaboratively with MMIT product and data teams to develop and/or commercialize analytics use cases that may include market access, coverage / lives, and RWE data

· Effectively partner with external organizations including clients and vendors to develop meaning and projectable analytics about trends in market access dynamics across payers, geographies, indications, drugs, etc.

· Identify and evaluate additional data sources that could be integrated in value enhancing ways.

· Build reports, dashboards and/or other analyses as needed and/or as specific initiatives arise.

· Support various commercial or commercialization efforts as needed.

· Take a leading role in developing data science as a discipline across product management, development and data operations.

Qualifications

Relevant Skills and Experiences

· Postgraduate degree or higher involving machine learning, statistics, or computer science

· Experience of statistical / machine learning projects in academia or commercial sector end to end with proven delivery capability including capturing requirements, designing analysis plans, interfacing with clients and report / manuscript writing

· Experience in applying Natural Language Processing and related AI capabilities.

· Experience working with large and complex healthcare datasets, preferably patient-level longitudinal data and experience with studies of treatment effectiveness/outcomes, disease progression, adherence, healthcare utilization, patient journey, sales targeting, prescription/procedure volumes/shares, provider networks and prescribing/treatment patterns, etc

· Strong related programming skills including experience with good coding practices and a thorough understanding of the data science package landscape. Familiarity with Tableau and PowerBI a plus.

· Familiarity with agile software development practices

· Excellent written and spoken communication skills, including ability to present technical concepts to lay audiences, write analysis plans for projects, contribute to proposals / grant applications, pitch ideas effectively and persuasively to clients / internal stakeholders, etc.

· Demonstrated ability to work both collaboratively to solve complex problems and individually to research/advance areas of interest and exploration

· Proven ability to develop meaningful/valuable analytic insights from multiple data sources and support value through commercialization

Preferred candidates may also have

· Experience supporting or launching Data and Analytics or SaaS-based enterprise product

· Experience in managed markets and pharma market access ecosystem

· Experience in the commercial health insurance industry

· Knowledge of payer marketing, drug development lifecycle and drug launch process

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Position will be based in Livingston NJ or Yardley PA

(highly qualified remote applicants will be considered)

Travel Requirements:

Approximately <10>",3.9,"MMIT
3.9","Yardley, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
25,Data Scientist,"$65k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","HPOne, named CT Magazine's 2018 Great Places to Work, is looking for a Data Scientist to join our team.

The Data Scientist is responsible for collecting, cleaning, translating data to meet the company's needs. Every business collects data, whether it's sales figures, market research, logistics, or transportation costs. The Data Scientist will use that data and machine learning to help drive HPOne's business plans.

What you'll do:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Develop insights and deliver recommendations based on data analyses
Work with business leaders to articulate business requirements for data analyses
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies for specific models or analyses
Optimize joint development efforts through database use and project design
Create automated reports and dashboard products, in order to display results to internal teams
Develop end-customer segmentation schemes by analyzing customer behavior
Perform ad hoc analyses and deliver recommendations
Develop and implement predictive models like decision tree, regression using R or similar
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Required Skills/Abilities:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field
Five years' experience with SAS (or similar), ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics
Experience in data mining and statistical analysis
Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
Experience with programming languages such as Java / Python (or ""R"")
Experience conducting regression analyses
Understanding of relational databases and data management as well as experience with data aggregation and normalization
Advanced excel expertise (pivot tables, VLOOKUP, report filters, etc.)
Ability to approach tasks strategically, while owning and mastering the details
Exceptional problem solving, as well as analytical and strategic thinking skills
Initiative to own projects from start to finish
Strong oral and written communication skills, with ability to work well with people across the company at all levels


Preferred Skills/Abilities:
Coursework in at least one of the following: mathematics, business, analytical marketing, information systems, programming/databases, statistics/statistical modeling, finance, economics, or physics
Experience conducting analyses and building predictive models using SAS (or similar)
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools preferred (like Domo or Tableau)
Physical Requirements:
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer, typically in an office or cubicle environment (constant noise, fluorescent overhead lighting)
HPOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer:

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) is a fundamental principle at HPOne, where employment is based upon personal capabilities and qualifications. HPOne does not discriminate because of actual or perceived sex, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, gender, transgender, race, color, religion, national origin, creed, citizenship status, ancestry, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, medical conditions including genetic characteristics, mental or physical disability, military and veteran status, or any other protected characteristic as established by law. HPOne requires the necessary drug testing and background checks as part of our pre-employment practices.",3.6,"HPOne
3.6","Trumbull, CT",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
26,FCC Data Scientist,"$73k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4199

Job Title:
FCC Data Scientist

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
Summary: The FCC Analytics group is responsible for the development and management of the BSA/AML, Fraud and Quality Control analytics functions. The group tunes the financial crimes models dedicated to the detection of suspicious activity and fraudulent transactions as well as those designed to risk rate customers and screen against OFAC designated lists. Additionally, the group manages application related implementations, maintenance and enhancements and the development of reporting and visual analytics used for investigations, KPI tracking, quarterly reporting and annual risk assessments.

The primary purpose of this position is to assist with the management of the Fraud and BSA/AML models related to transaction monitoring, customer risk rating, OFAC fuzzy logic filtering, and transactional fraud mitigation strategies. The individual that fulfills this position must understand the general dynamics of model risk management as set forth by OCC guidelines. Furthermore, the candidate must also have experience with SQL, quantitative stat based analytics (such as standard deviation, percentile distributions, k-means, clustering, etc.), model forecasting and reporting analytics (including visual and flowchart modeling) amongst other skill sets around management of information systems. Requires basic commercial awareness.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: While other duties and special projects may be assigned, the primary duties and responsibilities include the following:
Conduct assessments of models and provide reports detailing the current state of data feeds, rule output at current settings, and alert outputs at alternative settings.
Utilize Oracle SQL to the extent of simulating model output.
Identify potential logic deficiencies in model outputs through cross validation of external analyses
Assist with the identification, evaluation, and development of controls to mitigate FCC risk and operational impacts.
Research, develop, prototype and test new models and their related inputs.
Assist with annual FCC model tuning and optimization efforts in line with regulatory expectations to meet false-positive and detection rate criteria; performs quantitative analysis on the alert output of each tuning cycle (able to prepare reports detailing forecast results).
Perform model management reviews for the ongoing assessment of model suitability against emerging risk.
Assist with data integrity and validation testing on FCC projects including software implementations, operational enhancements related to efficiency gains, and other special projects as needed including the coordination of software updates in collaboration with the Bank's IT Department and or Project Management Office.
Support manager with resolving of open issues and/or defects involving applications used by the FCC Department including the identification of issues, tracking, escalation, testing, and resolution.
Maintain business definitions in the form of a data dictionary for all department managed models.
Prepare reports in a manner that is clear and comprehensible to FCC supervisors/managers, internal auditors and regulatory examiners.
Communicate production issues with key stakeholders such as business lines, FCC management team, and the IT Department.
Create documentation and provide technical training to business users as needed (this includes training post model tuning deployments and on new enhancements).
If necessary, effectively communicate with the business lines in order to obtain the necessary information and documentation to complete model improvements.
Handle a large workload with the ability to complete the tasks correctly and efficiently within the designated timeframes exercising discretion in setting priorities.
Communicate effectively to different audiences, including both business and technical parties.
Possess a general understanding of banking with respect to BSA/AML and Fraud risks.
Perform any other assignments as directed by manager.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related field.
At least 3 years working with data modeling, software implementation, enhanced reporting analytics or related experience preferably with a financial institution.
Advanced experience with data mining/analytical tools such as R and Python
Strong knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL), Oracle programming language, data mining techniques, and Business Intelligence Tools
Strong database skills, including working with advanced data sets, pivot tables, advanced database and statistical functions and methods
Experience visualizing data using tools such as Tableau
Experience with developing and implementing Fraud and BSA/AML risk strategies in decision engines, detection tools and onboarding platforms.",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
27,Bioinformatics Scientist,"$64k-$106k
(Glassdoor Est.)","GENEWIZ is looking to welcome a Bioinformatics Scientist to join our Next-Generation Sequencing team. If you have a passion for genomics and go-getter attitude, we want to hear from you!

Title: Bioinformatics Scientist

Why GENEWIZ?
GENEWIZ is a place for people who want to make a difference. We are proactive, committed to what we do, aspire to do more and have the potential for greatness! We have a winning attitude and champion innovation, teamwork and accountability through a results-oriented, customer-centric, and fun work culture! We are committed to the growth and development of our employees and we are firm believers of promoting from within. We offer competitive benefits ranging from work-life balance programs to comprehensive medical, dental, vision insurance plans.

Responsibilities:
• Perform data analysis and generate reports for customer projects
• Develop novel algorithms and build customized pipelines for clinical service projects
• Build LIMS workflows for operation service lines
• Evaluate and identify optimal NGS data analysis solutions
• Conduct literature search for various genomics research areas
Qualifications:
• B.S. in Bioinformatics with minimum of 1-3 years of experience required
• M.S. in Bioinformatics withminimum of 0-2 years of experience preferred
• Strong mathematical and analytical skills
• Experience with NGS data analysis preferred
• Proficient in BI analysis pipelines and solutions

GENEWIZ is a leading global genomics service company and trusted provider for DNA sequencing, gene synthesis, molecular biology, next generation sequencing, bioinformatics, and GLP regulatory services.

From the company’s founding, GENEWIZ has maintained its unwavering commitment to providing customers with the best value. Excelling in both science and customer support, GENEWIZ is dedicated to accelerating scientific discovery, as well as to developing and delivering innovative solutions for translational medicine and healthcare. Easily accessible around the world, GENEWIZ is the preferred partner at leading academic, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, agricultural, government, and clinical institutions.",2.8,"GENEWIZ, Inc.
2.8","South Plainfield, NJ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
28,Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager,"$42k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Pushpay exists to bring people together by strengthening community, connection, and belonging. As the leading provider of mobile apps and giving technology to churches, schools, and nonprofits, Pushpay helps organizations and their communities stay connected anytime, anywhere.

We recently announced the exciting news of Pushpay and Church Community Builder merging together to deliver a best-in-class fully integrated church management system (ChMS), custom community app, and giving solutions for organizations in the faith sector. The combination of our two companies gives us complementary world class solutions for our customers and aligns strongly with Pushpay's core strategy of providing innovative, market-leading solutions for customers.

Job Summary:

The Marketing Strategy and Analytics Manager is part of the Business Insights Team, directly supporting the Online Marketing Team. This person is responsible for translating data to stories. What is happening in the pipeline? Why did it happen, and how can we improve our strategy? Use your excellent communication skills to give business insights to the leadership teams on a regular basis (emphasis on funnel conversion and ROI).

Duties/Responsibilities:
Provide actionable insights to the Online Marketing team
Build standardized and consistent reporting to closely monitor the most important business metrics on a regular basis including analysis of the full marketing funnel and conversions on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis
Develop in-depth analysis tools to work with the Director of Online Marketing and other Marketing stakeholders. This will bring understanding of trends and surface strategic opportunities to improve engagement and market development across the team
Identify newly tracked metrics in order to build, evolve, manage, and support end-to-end analytics pipelines
Support the marketing automation function through the centralization of all email marketing list pulls
Understand how lead and prospect data is structured in core systems, and segments the database on various criteria (region, church size, life cycle stage, persona, etc.) to best target a specific market or user type
Collaborate with BI Analysts and Data Science team to further understand how Marketing insights impact the data and processes across the organization
Required Qualifications:
4+ years of marketing analytics, marketing operations, or digital marketing experience, preferably in a related industry
2-3 years of experience using SQL and visualization tools (Tableau preferred)
2+ years of experience in a Salesforce environment (or comparable enterprise CRM)
5+ years of experience with Advanced Excel (applicants will complete a skills assessment)
3+ years of experience building Powerpoint (or comparable) slide decks
Prior experience using Marketo, Bizible, and other enterprise Marketing tools
Prior experience with email marketing and demand generation analytics
Experience building business cases and interfacing regularly with senior leaders
Structured thinker with strong organizational and communication skills
Willingness to adapt to a fast-paced work environment
Analytical, ambitious, and curious people, with a desire to learn and grow rapidly",3.7,"Pushpay
3.7","Redmond, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
29,Data Scientist,"$57k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","A trusted partner at nearly three million commercial customer locations, Ecolab (ECL) is the global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services. With annual sales of $13 billion and more than 45,000 associates, Ecolab delivers comprehensive solutions, data-driven insights and personalized service to advance food safety, maintain clean and safe environments, optimize water and energy use, and improve operational efficiencies and sustainability for customers in the food, healthcare, hospitality and industrial markets in more than 170 countries around the world.

Ecolabs Institutional division, serving the restaurant and hospitality market, is seeking a business focused Data Scientist to unlock the value in data assets while creating new and unique offerings for customers. As a data scientist in the Advanced Analytics organization, you will play a pivotal role in planning, executing and delivering machine learning-based projects. The bulk of the work will be in machine learning (ML) modelling, management and problem analysis, data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration, as well as operationalization. You will be a key interface between the advanced analytics team and the business unit and various other departments (such as IT). Candidates need to be very much self-driven, curious and creative.

In this role, we are looking for:
A problem-solving mindset with the ability to understand business challenges and how to apply your analytics expertise to solve them.
The unique person who can present complex mathematical solutions in a simple manner that most will understand including customers.
An individual excited by innovation and new technology and eager to finds ways to employ these innovations in practice.
A team mentality empowered by the ability to work with a diverse set of individuals.
Whats in it For You:
Opportunity to take on some of the worlds most meaningful challenges, helping customers achieve clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments.
Ability to make an impact and shape your career with a company that is passionate about growth.
Support of an organization that believes it is vital to include and engage diverse people, perspectives and ideas to achieve our best.
What you will do:
Problem Analysis and Project Management.
Inspire the organization about the business potential and strategy of artificial intelligence.
Collaborate across the business to understand IT and business constraints.
Manage data science projects and the corresponding key performance indicators (KPIs) for success.
Data Collection and Integration.
Understand new data sources and process pipelines and catalog/document them.
Acquire access to various databases and other sources systems such as SQL or graph databases.
Create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.
Data Exploration and Preparation.
Apply statistical analysis and visualization techniques to various data.
Generate hypotheses about the underlying mechanics of the business process.
Test hypotheses using various quantitative methods.
Display drive and curiosity to understand the business process to its core.
Network with domain experts to better understand the business mechanics that generated the data.
Machine Learning.
Apply various ML and advanced analytics techniques to perform classification or prediction tasks.
Acquire domain knowledge and integrate it into ML solutions, for example, from an understanding of financial risk, customer journey, quality prediction, sales, marketing.
Testing of ML models, such as cross-validation, A/B testing, bias and fairness.
Operationalization.
Collaborate with ML operations, data engineers, and IT to deploy ML solutions.
Follow established best practices around ML production infrastructure.
Network with internal and external partners.
Upskill yourself (through conferences, publications, courses, local academia and meetups).
Collaboration with other technical teams within the organization.
Encourage and leverage the reuse of artifacts.
Be encouraged and expected to innovate and be creative in your data analysis, problem solving and presentation of solutions.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics with 3+ years related experience, or
Masters Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics with 1+ years of related experience
Experience working with statistics/analytics/visualization tools, preferably in the Microsoft Azure Suite.
Preferred Qualifications:
Ph.D. degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics.
Experience working in Python/SQL/Jupyter.
Self-driven, curious and creative with a collaborative mindset.
Demonstrated ability to work in diverse, cross-functional teams in a dynamic business environment.
Strong communication and presentation skills.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Ecolab, we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran.

In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. Ecolab is a place where you can grow your career, own your future and impact what matters.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.",3.7,"Ecolab
3.7","Saint Paul, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1923,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
30,Data Scientist BSLEF8,"$57k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
31,Data Scientist,"$82k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nations decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

We are looking for Data Scientists with various years of experience. In these positions you will work closely with the client to review and respond to data science requirements. These positions will involve analyzing both structured and unstructured data using data analytics, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques.

Experience with training and optimizing machine learning models and coordinating with data engineering components to deploy trained models to work on production data at scale is desired.

EDUCATION:


BS degree in technical field and 3+ years of experience

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w/poly clearance
Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.",4.2,"Varen Technologies
4.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
32,Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Capsule


The Data Scientist analyzes complex and unstructured data using state-of-the-art data science methods for data driven decision making. This role uses knowledge of data science methods and applies analytics to solve real world problems. The Data Scientist will work with customers to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop applications and collaborate actively across the organization and with senior management to accomplish various objectives.

Job Duties/Roles
Apply advanced data science concepts to deliver data driven digital offerings and insights
Be able to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality assessment and improvement
Experience with Data Visualization tools such as Power BI or Tableau or Spotfire
Use machine learning and artificial intelligence methods, classification, regression algorithms
Comfortable working independently on data engineering, pre-processing and data preparation tasks to prepare data for further analysis
Generate Intellectual Property for the company
Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR)
Python - Numpy, Pandas, lamdas, keras, Tensorflow, MS Cognitive AI, Matlab, R, SQL
OOP(Object Oriented Programming)
ANN, RNN, Classification, Clustering, CNN, Regression tools
Exposure to building RestFul APis for data science modelling is a plus
Practical experience using predictive analytics, multiple approaches, to ID abnormalities and failures using time series and unstructured data sources.
Knowledge of data architectures and systems is a plus
Minimum years of Experience


Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in data / analytics.

Country Requirements


Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident (US Person) and able to work on Government Data with ITAR classification

Required/Preferred Education Requirements


BS degree required in Data Science or Computer Science or Engineering or another relevant field",3.5,"American Bureau of Shipping
3.5","Houston, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1862,Other Organization,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
33,Data Scientist,"$88k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Description


CGI Federal is seeking a Data Scientist to assist with the client's Anti-Fraud work activities, which include a variety of specialized services to enable the Anti-Fraud initiative to operate in an Agile-based manner and deliver high quality, high-business-valued results (software, data or infrastructure) rapidly. The agency needs ample support for production-level ""big data"" use and architecture support that makes the creation and use of anti-fraud enterprise systems possible.
Your future duties and responsibilities


• Provide full system agile lifecycle support services in the areas of analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, project management, data management, data analysis, and maintenance activities.
• Experience translating high-level project requirements into technical tasks.
• Data manipulation and data engineering experience involving structured and unstructured data.
• Data manipulation expertise involving data extractions, data matching between multiple systems, transformations, cleansing, and loading.
• Experience with big data and cloud platforms (AWS) and toolset.
• Ability to engineer and create complex research datasets by manipulating typically large volume transactional data for use by operations research analysts, economists and statisticians in advanced analytical research and studies.
• Experience in developing predictive, prescriptive, optimization, and forecasting models, including the use of contemporary techniques such as support vector machines, neural networks, and gradient boosting.
• Experience in interpreting results from statistical and mathematical models.
• Experience in advance data visualizations and interpretation.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role


• Master's degree and 8+ years of experience OR Bachelor's degree and 14+ years of experience
• Experience with Python, SAS or R
• Experience with data mining and data engineering using Python and SQL Queries to extract and transform large volumes of data into a format suitable for analysis
• Supervise Machine Learning, using analytic algorithms such as regression, decision tree, linear SVM, RBF, k-NN or Random Forest
• Apply Unsupervised Learning methods and algorithms such as principal component and cluster analysis
• Building data visualizations using Python, Tableau, SAS, or R
• Experience with Linux and Windows
• Working in a team-based agile work environment

Preferred experience in the following:
• Working in an analytical research environment
• Using Master Files and related data
• Pandas and scikit-learn
• The Hadoop ecosystem
• Parallel computing using GPUs
• CUDA
• Mathematica
• MATLAB
• LaTex
• Natural Language Processing for anomaly detection

#CGIFederalJob

Skills

SAS
SQL
Python
Data Modeling
Data Analysis
Data Cleansing

What you can expect from us


Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this changesupporting our clients' digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI atwww.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox atUS_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you.Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Clickhere to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI's legal duty to furnish information.",3.6,"CGI
3.6","Baltimore, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$10+ billion (USD),-1
34,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,"$45k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Overview:

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for turning data into knowledge, enabling business decisions.

Specific Duties Include:
Partnering with the user community to create new business intelligence, reporting and data analysis solutions.
Maintaining existing software systems related to business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Identify improvements to existing business intelligence, reporting and data analysis.
Capture, develop, and document data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirements.
Build and maintain ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) and integration processes.
Validate data delivered to user community.
Ensure compliance with Protolabs data and software policies and procedures.
Monitor software systems to ensure reliability and accuracy of information loaded into the databases.
Maintain all documentation related to database objects, source systems, and operations.
Conduct complex, important work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgment.
Minimum Qualifications:
6+ years of experience working in software engineering
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with Domo
Experience with PowerBI
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Service (SSRS)
Ability to work on multiple project concurrently
Ability to manage time effectively
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast paced, collaborative environment
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Previous leadership experience preferred
Knowledge of document databases including Raven
Previous experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX
Previous experience with Salesforce
Software development in a continuous integration and continuous deployment environment
Proto Labs maintains ITAR-compliant operations in all of our United States based facilities. Due to ITAR regulations, this role is only open to U.S. Citizens, lawful permanent residents (green card holders) or foreign nationals granted refugee or asylee status. Individuals with temporary visas (e.g. E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, TN or OPT) are not eligible for hire in this role.

Proto Labs, Inc. is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer",3.8,"Protolabs
3.8","Morrisville, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
35,Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Data Scientist,"$68k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are seeking skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application development.

If Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, summarization mean something to you, we want to talk to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system.

The candidate will be responsible for supporting a team of more senior AI/ML staff and Data Scientists in the following tasks:
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with Domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions in their studies
Excellent Communication Skills (with the abilty to explain developed tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Ability to formulate operational problems in aviation domain as technical problems that allows for reuse of leading research in the area.
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team

Preferred Qualifications:
1 to 2 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch,Mxnet etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, MEAN stack - MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization , search (e.g. ELK Stack) , entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintain good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
36,Data Scientist,"$80k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E.W. Scripps is a company rich in media history focused on the future. We are one of the nation's largest independent TV station owners with 60 stations nationwide, and we are working to stay ahead of the ways in which people use technology to find news and information. Our commitment to the future means that discovery is commonplace, the status quo is challenged, iteration and collaboration are the norm and new ideas are welcome. Join a team of top performers and help shape the future of the most strategic and well positioned media company – E. W. Scripps. This position will be located in Cincinnati, OH or Washington, DC.

At Scripps, you’ll:
Have a complete modern data science/analytics software stack at your disposal.
Enjoy a broad scope of responsibility – with projects and questions from every part of the business and new businesses under consideration.
Know that your work will have an impact on key strategic decisions – changing and shaping the way we do business. This is why we are so selective in our hiring process.
Grow your talent with constant learning – with substantial investments in on-site and hands-on training and eLearning formats used to fill in the gaps.
Work on projects that are important and interesting to you – with focus on modern media and marketing strategies
Expand your horizons by attending and giving talks at conferences and professional networking opportunities with senior analytics professionals.
Become a leading expert in applied data science for media.
We are looking for someone who knows how to use the latest data analytics tools, will thrive in our fast-paced innovative environment, will deliver results and has the following experience and credentials.

Primary purpose:

The Data Scientist blends the skills of a business thinker with those of a data analyst: asking questions, turning data into knowledge, forming conclusions, and making recommendations that enable the company to innovate, differentiate itself from its competitors, work smarter, make better decisions, and enhance profitability. This individual will partner with the analytics team, analytics products and services director, business leaders and end users to be a change agent - teasing out the questions that are important to our business, and then use statistical analysis and data mining techniques to inform the answers and communicate conclusions both visually and in writing, along with recommendations and next steps. The Data Scientist will also participate in the creation and measurement of new business processes, tools, and products.

Key responsibilities:
Influence the course of the business as a trusted advisor to business leaders, users and clients, using data and analytics as a basis for better, more informed decision making
Creation of analytics and measurement roadmaps
Identify impactful choices or courses of action that drive value for the organization
Evaluate the big picture and solve business problems in addition to focusing on metrics
Influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating conclusions to cross-functional groups
Create automation applications to replace tasks for critical revenue generating teams decreasing time dedicated to non-revenue generating
Mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract useful business insights for a wide range of topics including product development and performance, market dynamics, consumer and audience knowledge, internal operations, and external research
Initial study design, acquisition of data, prototyping and production roll out
Ongoing tracking, monitoring, and periodic follow-up studies
Support the design and implement of reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights
Use software and other tools to develop analyses that identify patterns, influences, correlations, relationships, predictive factors, risk factors, and that provide better situational awareness
Creation of models, simulations, and optimization routines
Develop of data flows and acquisition strategies to facilitate the capture and sharing of data and analytics within the organization
Support the development of Scripps analytics products and services by providing input into product roadmaps
Be a positive force to cultivate a culture that is passionate about developing analytics as a business competency
Drive accountability for value recognition and business results
Create and contribute to a quality work environment that motivates team members to perform at their highest levels and positively affects employee and business partner relationships
Be a publicly visible presence, including creating communications and leading training sessions, advocating for the benefits of analytics in Scripps and the products/services of the analytics team
Education / work experience:
Bachelor's required, Masters preferred. Applied statistics, Computer Science, business analytics or a related field.
Minimum 3 years, 5+ years preferred, experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches apply to this requirement.
Experience and demonstrated success presenting complex analyses and final recommendations to business leaders and external clients.
Statistical method experience:
Analysis techniques such as marketing mix modeling, scenario modeling, pattern detection, A/B testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, agent-based modeling, ensemble models, collaborative filtering and other types of analysis
Software Proficiency:
Python, RapidMiner, R
Database skills (Snowflake, MySQL) experience preferred
Tableau
About Scripps:

The E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) advances understanding of the world through journalism. As the nation’s fourth-largest independent TV station owner, Scripps operates 60 television stations in 42 markets. Scripps empowers the next generation of news consumers with its multiplatform news network Newsy and reaches growing audiences through broadcast networks including Bounce and Court TV. Scripps runs an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps has held for decades to the motto, “Give light and the people will find their own way.”

As an equal employment opportunity employer, The E.W. Scripps Company and its affiliates do not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis on race, sex, sexual orientation, gender, color, religion, age, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, citizenship or national origin, and military membership or veteran status, or on any other basis which would be in violation of any applicable federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the company will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship for the company.

If interested, please apply at www.scripps.com/careers.

#LI-CH1

#GD-CH1",3.6,"The E.W. Scripps Company
3.6","Cincinnati, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1878,Company - Public,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
37,Research Data Analysts,"$31k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.

This position is term-limited for one year at the start of the appointment.

In addition to your resume, please include a short summary (less than one page) with how this position fits within your career goals, why you are interested, and when you would be available to join the team

Reporting to Dr. Emily Martin or Dr. Marisa Eisenberg, you will be a critical part of the University of Michigan COVID response efforts. You will develop research and data collection strategies related to the campus-wide COVID-19 Community Sampling and Tracking program, the COVID-19 Dashboard and efforts related to data modeling and analysis of overall COVID response efforts. These programs will provide our public health experts with early warning signs and identify opportunities to slow COVID-19 transmission. You will work with a team of researchers and play an essential role in the public health response to COVID-19 by supporting initiatives that will add to our understanding of how the virus is affecting our community.
Develop research and data collection strategy to support program outcomes
Refine program and data collection strategy to support outcomes
Identify programmatic or data issues and build solutions
Design, develop and run complex research analyses and continuous improvement efforts
Collect data, ensure its integrity and interpret results
Create written communications, reports and recommendations
Coordinate with partners for data collection and submission
Write technical portions of grant proposals and manuscripts
Master's of Public Health in Epidemiology or Master’s Degree in Biostatistics or other related field
Formal training in large, public health research projects
3+ years of experience coordinating health-related research projects
Formal training and expert proficiency with R and SAS
In addition to a career filled with purpose and opportunity, the University of Michigan offers a comprehensive benefits package to help you stay well, protect yourself and your family and plan for a secure future. Benefits include:
Generous time off
A retirement plan that provides two-for-one matching contributions with immediate vesting
Many choices for comprehensive health insurance
Life insurance
Long-term disability coverage
Flexible spending accounts for healthcare and dependent care expenses
Michigan Public Health is seeking an experienced and dynamic staff member with a commitment to contributing to a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment for all members of our community.",4.4,"University of Michigan
4.4","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1817,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
38,LabVIEW Developer/Architect (Control & Data Acquisition Engineer),"$70k-$112k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Your Opportunity: *
As a LabVIEW developer/architect (controls and data acquisition engineer) you will work with Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) in delivering a new National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) flash X-ray radiography capability at the Nevada National Security Site (NNSS) for the Advanced Sources and Detectors Project (ASD). This radiography capability is a multi-pulse linear induction accelerator, Scorpius, to be commissioned at the NNSSs U1a Complex by 2024. A national project team comprised of personnel from LANL, Sandia National Laboratory (SNL), Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), and Nevada National Security Site (NNSS), as well as academic and industrial partners, will research, design, build, install, and commission Scorpius to fulfill the Department of Energy (DOE) National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) subcritical experiment program mission needs. The LANL ASD Technical Development office (ASD-TECH) is responsible for coordinating and executing these activities.

You will be working with the technical leads for various Scorpius systems to support the design and development of instrumentation and control systems, process control systems, and data acquisition systems. You will also assist with the design and documentation of key elements such as the control room layout, network layout, controls schematics while working collaboratively with a large team of scientists, vendors, and engineers to provide instrumentation and controls systems and data acquisition systems for various Scorpius systems. Your work will have a signification impact on our nations safety and security.
What You will Do: *
Develop instrumentation and controls software utilizing LabVIEW when possible to automate operation of process controls equipment and accelerator components.

Assist with design and testing of a virtual Scorpius software emulator.

Design and develop instrumentation and controls, and data acquisition systems for the downstream transport, detector and global controls systems while working under the direct supervision of a Lead Controls Engineer.

Develop and revise design drawings and instrumentation and controls schematics using Autocad or Autocad Electrical.

Assist with design and layout drawings and schematics for various systems within Scorpius project.

Involvement with vendor and SMEs in acquiring requirements and design of control software to be developed and integrated into the overall global control system for Scorpius.

Produce materials for technical reports, documents, presentations, and concept papers.

Partner with multiple engineering disciplines to accomplish the work.
What You Will Need: *
Certified LabVIEW Developer or LabVIEW Architect.

10 years of experience with NI LabVIEW and in the design and implementation of signal conditioning electronics, analog and digital I/O, and software development.

Bachelors degree in engineering (Electrical, Mechanical, or Chemical preferred) or equivalent work experience.

Experience with Ethernet industrial communications, RS485 and RS232 communications.

Experience and knowledge of equipment rack design, power supplies, and electrical power distribution.

Experiences with NI hardware platforms including CompactRIO, CompactDAQ, and/or PXI.

Experience with the design and development of Data Acquisition hardware such as NI hardware, LabVIEW PXI chassis, various interface cards, oscilloscopes, and digital multi-meters.

Experience with LabVIEW development to include custom drivers for various equipment, FPGA development and troubleshooting.

Able to define, design, develop, test, debug, and maintain LabVIEW code for machine control software.

Proficient with AutoCAD or AutoCAD electrical.

Excellent verbal, interpersonal, and written communication skills.

Motivated self-starter with strong attention to detail and ability to work independently.

Accelerator experience is preferred.
Equal Employment Opportunity: *
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.
What We Offer: *
We know benefits are important to you. Therefore, we offer an array of excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance, generous paid time off policy, and 401(k) employer contribution. Furthermore, you will have access to a health savings plan, flexible spending plan, and superior paid holidays offering.

TechSource has been providing superior science and engineering consulting services to a multitude of government clients for over twenty years in several locations across the United States. We are passionate about our people because we know our people are what drives our success. We believe that trust is the key to our relationships with our clients, our communities, and our people. We pride ourselves on our honesty, our ethical behavior, and our open and straightforward communication. Integrity is at the core of everything that we do.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
LabVIEW: 10 years (Required)
instrumentation and controls: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://techsource-inc.com/about/careers
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.5,"TechSource, Inc.
4.5","Los Alamos, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
39,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer Northern, VA

Machine Learning Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Machine Learning (ML) Engineers to produce automated anomaly/object detection and characterization, forecasting, optimization, and recommendation solutions to national security challenges using modular, cloud-native, API-centric approaches. These solutions will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on incorporating machine learning insights to automate and scale analysis and improve decision support. Teams will be working in a highly collaborative environment and expected to identify opportunities to apply and improve data-driven insights and support related design and development within big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Engage with mission owners/operators to discover applications for ML, set project expectations, define requirements, and review results
Design and develop reusable workflows for data integration, transformation, and feature engineering required to train models
Train and validate models, often in big data, distributed environments
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand data and model-derived insights
Perform model introspection to understand model behaviors and explain predictions
Visualize data and model-derived insights to communicate internally and externally
Integrate models into operational systems
Lead trade studies, analyses of alternatives, and assessments of existing systems
Develops or provides input to engineering artifacts
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 5 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Ability to describe the data assumptions and processing steps of common machine learning methods, and which methods are appropriate for a variety of use cases
Expertise with ML libraries, like Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, PySpark, MXNet, MLib, and Weka
Experience with ML platforms, like KNIME, Spark, SageMaker, H2O, and TensorFlow
Familiarity with Java, Python, and SQL including related ecosystems and frameworks, like Eclipse and Jupyter Notebook
Familiarity with visualization tools, preferably Qlik, Tableau, Plotly, Kibana, Matplotlib, and QGis
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong written and oral communications skills
Able to work independently and self-identify tasks
Ability to review and maintain existing code and applications
Ability to research and evaluate new concepts and processes to improve performance
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with time series forecasting
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Machine Learning Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
40,Preclinical research scientist - Autoimmunity (PhD required),-1,"The preclinical research scientist (RS) – Autoimmunity will be involved in conducting research programs directed at identifying new therapeutic targets and developing new product candidates hitting these targets for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. The RS will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications and investigational new drug (IND) applications. We seek a highly motivated and innovative RS with experience in immunology, cell and molecular biology, and immunometabolism to work with our team on cell-based assays and animal models to drive drug discovery in autoimmune diseases. The successful candidate will work in a team setting and be responsible for cell culture, assay execution support and implementing a broad set of biomarker discovery, PK/PD, animal modeling techniques, and translational studies in primary specimens from autoimmune disease patients plus IND-enabling and clinical studies. The RS will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of Landos' entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Responsibilities: *
_Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at Landos. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research. Conduct research studies from in vitro to animal models of autoimmune disease to translational and clinical trials.

_Data analysis: _ Leverage the LANCE drug development platform to help identify new therapeutic targets and develop new drugs. Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, proteomics, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

_Data communication and reporting: _ Develop lab protocols. Provide detailed study reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research.

_Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

_Personnel Training_: Training of Landos personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

_Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for Landos projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for autoimmune diseases.

_Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other Landos team members in experiments.

_Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

_Record keeping_: Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in ASANA, Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the Landos Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the Landos research progress to the Scientific Director, and Landos team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

_Product Development_: Support for product development ranging from development, interfacing with CROs, CMOs, and other vendors for IND-enabling and clinical studies. He will help support sales and marketing activities following NDA approval in the commercialization phase.

Maintain the confidentiality of all the company deliberations and plans.

Any other tasks requested by the President and CEO.

Act in accordance with Landos’ policies.
Important skills: *
A+ attitude, great work ethic, and attention to detail
Previous drug development experience.
Capacity to foster a fast-paced, yet supportive, working environment
Organized with ability to multi-task
Laboratory assays: real-time PCR, Western blot, and ELISA
SOP development, record keeping skills
Knowledge of mucosal immunity and inflammatory processes in autoimmune diseases.
Multi-parameter flow cytometry staining and analysis
Analytical software: PRISM, FACS Diva, FlowJo, Excel, SAS, IPA
Demonstrated experience analyzing, interpreting and presenting experimental data and developing reports, peer-reviewed publications, grants, patents.
IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocol writing experience.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $92,074.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.landosbiopharma.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Landos Biopharma, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
41,Data Analyst,"$29k-$38k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Smith is an entrepreneurial company with global reach, a casual environment, and limitless paths for success. For over 35 years, we’ve offered a place for driven, creative people to set and achieve ambitious goals in sales, procurement, and our supporting departments.

Opportunities await around the world. If you’re curious to see how you can help Smith grow while pursuing the next step in your own growth and development, apply today.

This Data Analyst will be responsible for data mining and building mining data tables, along with researching external methods, processes and software to provide business solutions tailored to new trends, demands and concepts. This person will need to have experience with the ETL process and strong experience with working with data coming from various sources, channels and in different formats. The candidate will also need to have the ability to structure the data for a software architect, correspond directly with clients, project or department managers, and/or business leaders to identify analytical requirements. This person will also be working with Project Managers, Architects, DBA, and Data Scientists. He or she must be comfortable utilizing both quantitative data, and qualitative knowledge. Other typical functions include but are not limited to:
Perform routine trend analyses and evaluations.
Analyze audit findings, identify trends and assist in the development of programs.
Brainstorm and form effective solutions to business problems.
Develop, maintain and assist in the implementation of programs and business solutions.
Monitor correction action follow-up from audits in business units.
Provide status reports to management, identify problem areas and verify compliance.
Clean, update and aggregate the data into more operable formatting.
Required Skills:
Bachelors Degree in MIS and/or CS.
Experience with tools such as SQL, Oracle & MongoDB.
Any ETL too experience (ex: Informatica, Oracle Data Integrator or Warehouse Builder)
Ability to work with relational and non-relational databases.
Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously and switch between tasks quickly.
Ability to facilitate discussion, drive consensus and build partnerships.
Detail oriented and able to work in group projects and take direction.
Excellent verbal and written communication skill is a must.
Experience as a Business Analysis is preferable.
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!",4.1,"N.F. Smith & Associates
4.1","Houston, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1984,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
42,Web Data Analyst,"$65k-$79k
(Employer Est.)","Web Data Analyst
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158

Our customer promise is worth bragging about. Use your marketing and advertising expertise to spread the word and grow our business.

Better together than apart. This position is on-site, and we are looking for good people who share our passion.

Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Collect web data and statistics for Uline’s various eCommerce websites (Uline.com, Uline.ca and Uline.mx).
Analyze data and provide weekly and monthly reports to management.
Make recommendations to improve website and reduce return rates.
Translate complex and analytical work into easy to understand data points.
Respond to ad hoc reporting requests and maintain relationships with various departments.

Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
Experience using Google Analytics or Adobe Analytics.
Experience using a data visualization tool such as Power BI or Tableau.
2+ years experience in website analysis.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel with some knowledge of SQL and / or Google BigQuery.
Well organized and detail-oriented with an ability to multitask.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.

Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.

About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Uline provides the essential supplies needed to keep organizations operational and productive. To protect the health and safety of our employees, we have modified our normal operating policies in response to COVID-19.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-SR1
#CORP",3.5,"Uline
3.5","Northbrook, IL",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1980,Company - Private,Wholesale,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
43,Biological Data Scientist,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311168

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to execute on existing projects as well as lead in the development of new research proposals. Expertise in statistics, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects participation in publishing, project leadership, and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 5 years of experience, MS/MA with 3 years of experience, or PhD with 1 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ MS/MA or PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-04_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-14_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
44,Data Scientist,"$95k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist
In this role, you will be set on a constant “treasure hunt” for new data sources to apply the latest techniques for modeling and data analysis. You will be part of a team driving the profit and customer growth of this growing insurance agency.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Working with internal and external data to understand and accurately predict:
Shopping behavior;
Retention behavior;
Quote and conversion rates;
Retention and lifetime customer value;
Contribution to overall margin;
Customer satisfaction; and
Other drivers of success you identify worthy of analysis.
Qualifications and Education
Knowledge of new and innovative modeling and statistical techniques – a relevant specialty is preferred.
Detail orientation – attention and desire to work on large data “crunching” projects.
Strong written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize information from various sources and apply that information to concrete business problems.
Ability to work with and understanding of the merits of various data structures.
Proficiency with the latest modeling software and techniques, such as SAS, R, Python or Tableau.
Ability to understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation.

Education:
An advanced degree in mathematics, machine learning, economics, statistics or a related field.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
45,Machine Learning Engineer,"$81k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is Us:
We have a bold vision to connect 25 million vehicles by 2025.
Our customers come first. We lead through innovation. We win as one. We act with integrity.
We adhere to our brand promise – to make the complex simple, the future predictable, and our customers successful.
With nearly 4 million connected vehicles today, Spireon is an exciting player in the growing Connected Car and Internet of Things (IoT) technology categories. We help people and businesses track and protect their most important assets with vehicle intelligence solutions that gather Big Data and provide the critical insights with easy-to-use dashboards and apps.

This is You:

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to design and build Convolutional Neural Networks for Smart Sensors. Spireon develops computer vision based smart sensors to detect environment and reports for the transportation sector. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will implement CNN algorithms to run on smart sensors.. You must be able to work across multiple teams to ensure project objectives are met.

Responsibilities:
Design and develop algorithms for challenging vision classification and detections problems
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Implementation of Computer Vision and ML algorithms
Collect data and analyze real world data
Deploy ML systems (inference at the edge), monitor metrics
Prototyping ML algorithms
Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions
Keep up to date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Requirements:
Must have solid foundation general machine learning systems
Must have experience in Convolutional Neural Networks Classification, Object Detection, Segmentation.
Must have experience in Computer vision, image processing.
Must have Programming / scripting experience with languages such as Python
Must have experience working with machine learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn)
Highly Desired: Programming language experience with C / C++
Highly Desired: Experience with Embedded systems
Highly Desired: Experience with OpenCV
Experience working with AWS Sagemaker
Experience working with AWS S3
Rewards:
Winner of 2019, 2018 IoT Innovator Awards & 2017, 2018 Stevie Award for Customer Excellence
Work with the Best and Brightest Technical Talent
Stable, High Growth and Profitable Company
Comprehensive Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Plan)
Wellness, Professional Development and Spireon University
Virtual Happy Hours, Team Building Events, Hackathons
Employee Discounts on Spireon Products and Services",3.8,"Spireon
3.8","Irvine, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
46,Sr. Data Scientist - Model Governance,"$101k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","General Summary:

The position plays a critical role in the oversight of predictive analytics and robust modeling at Elevate. The Sr. Data Scientist, Model Governance provides effective challenge, review, oversight, guidance, and ongoing monitoring for all models used within our Account Origination (Fraud, Risk and Response) and Account Management functions.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Review models and provide effective challenge and feedback to the developers to action change.
Manage a model review/validation program aligned to OCC 2011-12 / SR 11-7 guidelines.
Perform model stability monitoring to ensure ongoing performance for business applications.
Deliver model variable stability and performance reviews on determined cadence.
Write clear and detailed model documentation coordinating efforts with the model developers.
Work with other members of the Governance team to ensure all documentation is saved in the official repository and meets internal Credit Policy standards for all new and existing models.
Utilize advanced statistical software to validate linear/non-linear, parametric/non-parametric based predictive modeling/data mining analytic methodologies.
Creation of associated decks for presentation to executive management.
Present findings and make recommendations to Model and Risk Governance teams.
Act as liaison between partner banks / third party validators and Elevate.
Complete all other projects as assigned.
Experience and Education:
Minimum M.S./M.A. in a highly quantitative field (Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or other quantitatively-oriented degree) or experience in a process related Senior Analyst role in an analytical capacity.
Strong quantitative /statistical modeling capabilities, including with 5+ years of experience in credit scoring and model development preferred.
3+ years’ experience in Risk Management or Model Governance functions including knowledge of OCC / FDIC regulations for model documentation.
3+ years’ experience within the consumer lending environment.
Strong SAS, R, and SQL skills preferred, with ability to conduct extensive data research required. Candidates with experience with other software such as Python, SPSS, MATLAB may also be considered.
Demonstrated experience working with large complex data sources.
Strong PowerPoint presentation skills a plus.
Required Skills and Abilities:
Ability to work in fast-paced environment with ever-changing demands.
Ability to manage multiple projects at one time, possibly including overseeing others projects.
Strong communication skills. Must be able to clearly communicate in speech and writing with Risk Management peers, Marketing, Operations, Collections, Finance, C-level Executives, CEO, and BOD.",3.6,"Elevate Credit
3.6","Addison, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Lending,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
47,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence - Intermediate,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311093

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing and Analytics

Group: Data Sciences and Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.

+ Publication record in scientific conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelor's degree with 2 years of experience, a Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or a PhD with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Computation and Information Sciences_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
48,Data Engineer,-1,"You can make a salary. Or you can make a difference. Or you can work as a Data Engineer at Herman Miller and make both.

About this Opportunity
As a Data Engineer, you'll move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems. You will clean, normalize, and aggregate Herman Miller corporate reporting and analytics. You'll also provide support to functional areas by acting as expert in tools and methods for accessing, analyzing, and reporting corporate data.

What You'll Do
You'll have opportunities to speak up, solve problems, lead others, and be an owner every day as you...
Assist end users in reporting and analysis tools.
Collaborate with Analytics and Business Teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increase data accessibility, and foster data-driven decision making across the organization.
Define company data assets (data models).
Design data integrations and data quality framework.
Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines and build out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for the key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Perform data analysis to troubleshoot data-related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Work closely with a team of Application Developers, Architects, and Analysts.
Work closely with all Business Units and Software teams to develop strategy for long-term data platform architecture.
Write unit/integration tests and document work.
Perform additional responsibilities as requested to achieve business objectives.
Sound Like You?
You might be just who we’re looking for if you have...
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Fully proficient retail and online retail data engineering abilities, typically gained through five years of working with Python/Java, SQL, working schema design, and dimensional data modeling.
At least five years of experience, or and equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems.
Experience working with cloud services and cloud data warehouses.
Experience with Snowflake, Matillion, Tableau, Business Objectives, and Net Suite (desirable).
The ability to manage and communicate data warehouse plans to internal clients.
Expert knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies.
Advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to identify and solve complex business needs.
The ability to be process-oriented with great documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service.
The ability to perform all essential job functions of the position with or without accommodations.
Who We Are
At Herman Miller, our unique culture represents the collective attitudes, ideas, and experiences of the people who work here. We focus on protecting the environment, impacting our communities, exceeding the expectations of our customers through high quality products, and championing diversity in all areas of the business, and together we are on a journey toward a better world. We support the well-being of our employees in and outside of work by providing a variety of opportunities including award-winning work-life integration resources, development programs, complex health and wellness offerings, and much more.

Herman Miller is a globally recognized provider of furnishings and related technologies and services. Headquartered in West Michigan, we have relied on innovative design for over 100 years to solve problems for people wherever they work, live, learn, and heal.

Herman Miller is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer including veterans and people with disabilities.

Apply Now!",3.7,"Herman Miller
3.7",United States,-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1905,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
49,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
50,Data Analyst - Online Education,"$32k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION


THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED OUT OF THE

TUCSON CORPORATE OFFICE

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Utilize advanced statistical abilities and tools to interpret data sets, paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive efforts.
Prepare reports and visualizations that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions.
Assist with preparing, collecting, and analyzing quantitative (surveys, etc.) and qualitative (focus groups, etc.) data from students, faculty and staff.
Partner with stakeholders to gain a thorough understanding of needs.
Mine data from primary and secondary sources and reorganizes into a format that can be easily read by human or machine.
Work closely with IT in establishing data systems protocols for data needs.
Coach team members on how to use tools to their greatest benefit.
The list of essential functions is not exhaustive and may be supplemented.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree or higher, preferably in a computational field such as computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Engineering.
Three (3) years of experience working with large data sets or relational databases.
Three (3) years of experience with forecasting, trend analysis, and predictive modeling.
Demonstrated experience using SQL, Excel, R or Python, and visualization platforms such as Tableau or Power BI.
Experience working in higher education preferred.
Take initiative and ownership of projects.
Problem solving and analytical skills.
Business acumen.
Time management skills and able to prioritize and deliver projects and deliverables on time.
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Collaborative and team focused.",4.6,"Pima Medical Institute
4.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1972,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
51,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
52,Medical Lab Scientist Virtual Hiring Event,"$20-$28 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","DHR Health Hiring Event! Offers on the Spot!

Event Details
Date: Friday, October 2, 2020

What We're Hiring For

Certified Nursing Assistant

Registered Nurse - Critical Care Areas

Registered Nurse - Non-Critical Care Areas

Medical Lab Scientist

Respiratory Therapist

Radiology Technologist

Intake Details:

Requirements

Hospital/Healthcare experience preferred

Relevant License/Certification dependent on position

Technical requirements

After RSVPing, you will be sent and email with connection instructions. Please be prepared to join the virtual meeting in a quiet place from a desktop/mobile device with a speaker, microphone, and web camera. Check that your network connection is stable to help avoid time delays in your interview.

What to bring to this event

An electronic copy of your resume

Any required certifications/licenses

Completing our online application prior to the event is strongly encouraged and will speed up the process.

What to wear

Dress code is Business casual (dress pants/skirt, button down/blouse, optional tie).

About DHR Health

Our MISSION is to improve the well-being of those we serve with a commitment to excellence: every patient, every encounter, every time.

Our VISION is to create a world class health system to advance medicine and increase access for the communities we serve by empowering caregivers to heal through compassion, knowledge, innovation, integrated care and excellence

DHR CARES
C- Compassion
A - Accountability
R - Responsibility
E - Excellence through Knowledge
S - Safety and Social Conscience

What is a Virtual Hiring Event?
Virtual hiring events are a great way for employers and jobseekers to connect, even if they aren't in the same physical location. Hiring is a human process, and they would like to talk with you online (either through chat, on the phone, or video) to see if you’re a fit!

POSITION SUMMARY:

Provide services to meet the needs of patients as ordered by medical staff and performed in accordance with accepted standards and practices. This individual will perform technical functions and activities in the laboratory including, maintenance, quality control and training for highly sophisticated instrumentation and laboratory equipment use of chemicals and related supplies used in the testing process. Collects and collates data for Quality Assurance studies. Coordinates/leads work team. Sets up new equipment and/or writes procedures. Oversees work of, Lab Assistants and Phlebotomists.

POSITION EDUCATION/QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree in Clinical Laboratory Science or Applied Sciences (required)
Certification as a Medical Laboratory Scientist by the American Society of Clinical Pathologists (ASCP) or equivalent specialty certification (required)
No experience required

JOB KNOWLEDGE/EXPERIENCE­:

Proficient knowledge of clinical laboratory process, testing and analytical procedures and techniques, and various specialized laboratory equipment of the assigned laboratory unit.
Excellent customer service",3.2,"DHR Health
3.2","Edinburg, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1997,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
53,Data Engineer,"$59k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary of Responsibilities

Codes and develops software applications. Works as part of a development team on the design and implementation of analytical applications, including current Business Intelligence technologies, modern programming languages (Python, Scala, R) and current SQL database skills. Conducts requirement analysis, produces design documents on proposed solutions, and delivers consistent, test-covered, high quality code in a timely fashion. Recommends and completes product revisions or enhancements based on feedback. Develops and maintains documentation as required.

Performs work under minimal supervision. Handles moderate to complex issues and problems, and engages higher-level staff on only the most complex issues as necessary. Possesses comprehensive knowledge of subject matter. Provides coaching, and/or mentoring to a subordinate group.

Preferred Experience and Skills

Four to Eight year of related experience
Technical expertise and detail orientated
Complex problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Analytical thinking skills
Ability to build collaborative skills
Agile/SCRUM methodology experience
Azure DevOps experience
Property and Casualty insurance experience
4+ years of Hands-on experience with SQL databases, SSIS/Informatica ETL, Power BI, Cloud based integration tools.
Knowledge of Data warehousing concepts, and data modeling using Kimball methodology.

Preferred Education and Training

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field

INDSP",3.5,"West Bend Mutual Insurance Company
3.5","West Bend, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1894,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
54,Marketing Data Analyst,"$34k-$62k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:
Can you work in a relationship with other people where it requires ongoing flexibility?
Do you have an upbeat, positive attitude?
Do you take pride in knowing you are helping to make things happen?

If you can answer yes to these questions, Idaho Central Credit Union may have an opportunity ideally suited for you.

As a Marketing Data Analyst, your primary function is to interpret credit union data, analyze results and implement decisions based on the data. You will be responsible for turning data into information and insight that aids in campaign and business decisions. Also you will be responsible for performing a range of functions in support of market research, market assessment and campaign implementation.

Responsibilities:

Assist in managing technical aspects of key marketing systems (marketing automation, CRM, data warehouse) used to generate, distribute, and report.
Establish and maintain scalable processes that ensure best practices in campaign and lead management.
Create and maintain metrics reports on marketing and sales activities, effectiveness, and business impact.
Analyze marketing and sales data to develop insights and make recommendations on areas for optimization
Monitor and maintain data quality within the marketing database.
Evaluate new technologies and add-on applications to improve and optimize marketing team performance.
Manage membership targeting to strengthen relationships, prevent attrition, and increase profitability.
Leverage web and email engagement to create member insight and data to help improve individual experiences with our digital channels.
Generate and govern segmentation efforts by developing queries and custom reports, target groups, and campaigns for product and service performance.
Track all marketing campaigns and provide meaningful analysis and insight for future efforts.
Analyze consumer segments and other demographic information from the membership database to provide insight for product development, usage, and cross-sell opportunities.
Manage third-party vendor integration with marketing systems including Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Integrator MCIF, Encompass CRM and Microsoft Power BI.
Represent the Credit Union at community events as needed.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Mass Communication, Advertising or related field. 5-9 years of experience with database marketing required. Preferable experience with: Raddon Integrator MCIF, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Advertising Studio, Salesforce CRM, Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, and data warehouse experience. Strong analytical skills. Proficiency in marketing automation systems and integrating those systems with other technologies. Technically capable, excellent communicator and a desire to improve processes. Math skills, Secondary-level computer knowledge including Microsoft Office, especially Excel and pivot tables, etc. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of Credit Union and member records at all times. A demonstrated cooperative and positive attitude toward members and other Credit Union staff. Professional in appearance, attendance, quality, and quantity of work performed. Ability to analyze member needs, develop, and coordinate marketing activities to fit member needs with Credit Union products and services. Must be willing to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot Act as implemented by Idaho Central Credit Union. Team member will be asked to work extended/unique hours.

Perform tasks requiring manual dexterity (processing paperwork, filing, stapling, sorting, collating, typing, counting cash, etc.) Sit for extended periods of time. Lift 20-40 pounds of office supplies (copy paper, computer paper, mail, etc). Some heavy lifting may be required in order to execute proper event logistics. Repetitive motion using wrists, hands, and fingers. Reach keyboards. Ability to operate basic office machines (calculator, computer, telephone, copy machine, fax machine, etc).

Must be eligible for membership at Idaho Central Credit Union to obtain employment.

EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability

Idaho Central Credit Union is a dynamic financial institution that is focused on helping our members achieve financial success. Established in 1940 we have become the largest and fastest growing financial institution in the state of Idaho. ICCU was voted for large companies the Best Place to work in Idaho. We have also been named by S&P Global Market Intelligence as the top performing credit union in the nation. We are a talent based organization looking for talented individuals to help our members achieve financial success.",4.2,"Idaho Central Credit Union
4.2","Chubbuck, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
55,Data Scientist,"$72k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Data Scientist, you will have the unique opportunity to work on a program developing target models and advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This program will develop and train machine learning models to detect and discern features in scenes and develop an adversarial patch framework to defeat the trained classifiers.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos(DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Scientist will be responsible for the following:
Develop, train and evaluate Machine Learning models
Develop strategies for data augmentation and synthetic data
Utilize models to detect and classify targets within scenes
Develop adversarial attacks to defeat trained classifiers

Requirements:
TS/SCI clearance required
5+ years of related experience
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow or MXNet
Prior experience with the Intelligence Community and methodological experience in some of the following areas
Relationships and discovery (correlating, enriching, and prioritizing target data)
Situational awareness (unifying data into a single context, allowing the current situation to be accurately and quickly understood)
Systems modeling (building a computational analog of real-world-system to understand how it operates, what it is capable of, and how it can be fooled)
We're looking for a motivated Data Scientist eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes personal growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment
#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
56,Data Engineer,-1,"At Moser Consulting, a data engineer / bi engineer, performs advanced (senior-level) data analysis and data engineering work. Work involves leading initiatives to create data analytics-driven solutions for critical business objectives. This position represents the data management team to our business partners, and brings technical expertise to citizen BI and data analytics teams across the agency. Sr Consultants may supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Consultants will have supervision and likely work with or under the direction of a Principal or Senior Consultant.
Works closely with customers regarding their specific data needs to develop the requirements for data subject areas needed.
Captures the inventory of data sources and dashboards to prepare and manage integrated data.
Acts as the IT knowledge leader on data warehousing and data analytics to the business.
Ensures data warehouse implementations meet business expectations and coordinates customer acceptance testing and training.
Ensures the customer can exploit the data warehouse solutions and helps identify additional possible uses of information; anticipates future needs and opportunities.
Assists in the identification and integration of potential new data sources.
Designs and develops ELT pipelines that extract data from various sources and load into the data warehouse or other systems.
Ensures that controls to verify the accuracy and consistency of data are implemented and monitored.
Provides ongoing operational support of the enterprise data warehouse, continued development and enhancement of the data warehouse, automation of daily data extracts and external system feeds, and development and enhancement of current dashboards.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer information systems, computer science, data management, information systems or information science or a related field.
High School diploma or equivalent and additional directly related experience may substitute for the required education on a year-for-year basis.
Six (6) years of experience in data warehouse, including dimensional modeling, ETL/ELT pipeline design & development, data management, data analysis, process measurement, and metrics management, or a related discipline.
Two (2) years of experience working closely with business analytics teams and data analysts, including PowerBI (or equivalent) experience with financial and accounting data.
Successful track record of Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse solution implementations (design, implementation, data visualization and ongoing support/maintenance) with extensive interaction with business users.
Emerging data and analytics technologies
Cloud platforms and development patterns
Relational and non-relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices.
Metadata management and associated processes.
Data encryption and secure transmission practices (SSL, SSH, SFTP, Certificates, PKI, OAUTH2).
Machine-learning, statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, predictive analytics.
Microsoft/Azure Certifications, Snowflake Certifications are beneficial.
Preferred Locations: Indianapolis, IN and Baltimore, MD
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
57,"Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA","$75k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA

Job Summary

This position will apply advanced analytical and mathematical techniques to solve complex decision problems. Candidate will use ESRI/ArcGIS products in conjunction with high performance computing, big data analytics and data visualization techniques to assist the development of a data collection and analysis system.

Years of Relevant Experience

The position requires 2 - 7 equivalent years of experience in Geographical Information Systems, operations research, modeling and simulation, or technical analysis. Specific experience with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) or the Aviation Industry is desired.

Essential Job Functions
Individual will support model and simulation development to provide quantitative analyses, cost-benefit and economic analyses to support the Federal Aviation Administration Program Acquisition and Operational Systems Evaluation.
Individual will have experience in developing ESRI Survey123 data collection forms
Individual will have experience in data collection, data normalization techniques, statistical analysis and performance metrics development
Individuals will have experience with compiling and integration map data for automation
Individuals will be required to contribute effectively to working groups through oral and written communication and cooperative working relationships
Individuals will support the develop of custom visualizations
Education Requirements

Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Engineering, Mathematics, Operations Research, Physics, Economics, or similar.

Master’s degree is a plus

Skills Requirements
Experience with ESRI Tool set – ArcGIS, Survey123
Experience with pSQL/ relation databases is desired
Experience with MATLAB, SAS, Python, Java/C++/VBA and MS Office Products is desired
Experience with and data visualization tools such Shiny, Tableau, Cold Fusion is desired
Security Requirements

Must be a US citizen or a legal resident for three of the past five years

Must meet eligibility requirements for a US Public Trust security clearance",4.8,"Cobec Consulting
4.8","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
58,"Data Scientist, Customer Experience","$79k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.


CFA Institute is the world’s largest association of investment management professionals. As a global, independent organization, with a community of more than 175,000 members and 150+ member societies, we lead the investment profession by promoting the highest standards of ethics, education, and professional excellence for the ultimate benefit of society.

At CFA Institute, we care about our employees’ mental, physical, social, and financial well-being. That’s why we are committed to providing a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that offers flexibility to make choices that meet their needs:
Health & Well-being benefits that are amongst the best in the industry with full comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision for employees and their family members
Comprehensive Leave and Time Off plans
A focus on Financial Well-being means that we stack our retirement benefits against the most competitive standards.
Flexible work arrangements
Wellness, Education, and Employee Assistance Benefits
Job Description Summary:

The Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience will analyze customer data to deliver actionable insights to the organization that will improve our customers’ experience with CFA Institute. This role will play a critical role in establishing the measurement frameworks, reports, and data requirements for an effective voice of customer program that enables the organization to make customer-centric decisions.

Job Description:

As a Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience you will have the opportunity to:
Extract insights via analysis, disseminate actionable client insights within our team and across the business for awareness/education and to drive action
Develop customer analytics reports and regularly distribute reports to applicable parties
Run correlation and regression analyses against other data sets to derive deeper understanding of customer feedback and business implications
Report on themes, trends, and insights across disparate data sources to provide a comprehensive view of customers’ perceptions of the CFA Institute experience (e.g., survey, social media, call centers, etc.).
Serve as the division’s data security policy lead, providing input to and ensuring adherence with enterprise data governance policy decisions including data security, data privacy, and the implementation of access control measures.
The skills and experience required for this role are:
Experience launching qualitative and quantitative data gathering and analysis initiatives
Proven ability with data visualization and reporting technologies, especially Tableau
Experience working with BI tools (e.g. Tableau) for additional analysis skills (data modeling, R or python, etc.)
Hands on experience working on strategy or customer data, with proficiency in data mining and predictive modeling inclusive of linear and non-Linear regression, logistic regression, and time series analysis models.
Facility in working with deep learning algorithms and large datasets as well as experience working with unstructured data and experience cleaning and manipulating data.
This opportunity is open to internal and external candidates. CFA Institute is committed to the professional development of its employees; first consideration will be given to internal candidates

You can connect with the Recruiter on LinkedIn.

If you feel this opportunity could be the next step in your career, we encourage you to click “Apply” and complete our three-minute application.

To stay up to date on current news and events, follow CFA Institute’s LinkedIn page.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. CFA Institute prohibits both discrimination and harassment with regard to all identifying characteristics: any individual employee, group of employees, or prospective employee on the basis of race, color, national origin, citizenship or immigration status, religion, creed or belief, age, marital or partnership status, marital or family status, care giver status, pregnancy and maternity, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, physical abilities/qualities, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, predisposing genetic characteristic, military or veteran status, status as a victim or witness of domestic violence or sex offense or stalking, unemployment status, infectious disease carrier status, migrant worker status, educational background, socio-economic status, geographic location and culture or any other basis protected by applicable law. This policy impacts all aspects of employment, including but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, training, development, promotion, demotion, layoff, recall, furlough, transfer, leave of absence, and dismissal. This is a global policy that applies to all CFA Institute employees, regardless of location.

Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.",3.8,"CFA Institute
3.8","Charlottesville, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
59,Senior Machine Learning Engineer,"Employer Provided Salary:
$125k-$150k","SkySync is a dynamic, fast-paced, venture-backed software innovator based in the Ann Arbor tech cluster, with remote Syncopaths in all US time zones. Our quirky and unique workforce excels at managing our customers’ content migration, synchronization, and orchestration challenges like no other in our space. We are poised for rapid growth and need a Machine Learning Engineer to contribute to building a large-scale machine learning, natural language processing (NLP) system and developing our understanding of the data we encounter. This role will be a cross between an ML/NLP researcher and a software engineer, and good candidates will have prior experience doing both. We are looking for someone from the southeastern Michigan area and preference will be given to candidates within this geographic location.

You’ll be doing a lot of this:
Rapidly iterating over different techniques in a solution space, and effectively analyzing the performance of models on various tasks
Contributing to several large-scale production machine learning and natural language processing efforts
Developing and building guidelines for evaluation datasets
Understanding the decision-making process, workflows, and business and information needs of business unit heads and service manager/owners
Translating business needs into analytics/reporting requirements to support executive decisions and workflows with required information
Visualizing information and developing engaging reports on the results of experiments
Advising product teams on new products, features or updates through evidence-based recommendations
Supporting user experience specialists and information architects to enhance information visualization through the development of dashboards and user interfaces
Distributing best practices to analytics and product teams and provides consultations for their data-based experimentations
Other duties as assigned
So you should have this:
Up-to-date knowledge of machine learning, natural language processing (NLP), and data analytics tools and techniques
Strong knowledge of Python, and related machine learning tools (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch)
Strong experience with Docker, AWS
Familiarity with current SOTA NLP models like BERT
4+ years of work experience with Python and machine learning
Willingness and ability to learn new technologies on the job
Demonstrated ability to communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences
Demonstrated ability to work with minimal supervision
Experience building and deploying predictive models, web scraping, and scalable data pipelines
Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, statistics, or related fields preferred
Ability to think critically while solving problems in a rapidly changing product
Nice to have:
Publications from ML/NLP venues such as ACL, NAACL, EMNLP, NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR

This position is a great fit for you if you like keeping up with the cutting edge of machine learning and NLP and helping build a position and product from the ground up. Knowing how to engage with new challenges daily and handle competing priorities is a must.
This position is not a great fit for you if you like established processes for every situation or a static set of duties and responsibilities.

Qualities Needed for Success
Excellent listening, writing, and professional communication skills are a must. You should be able to demonstrate proficiency in most of the duties and responsibilities listed above. In our fast-paced world, a great attitude combined with enthusiasm is key to individual success along with embodying our entrepreneurial spirit.",5.0,"SkySync
5.0","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
60,Aviation Data Scientist and Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems. Key Functions: The successful candidate will be part of a team conducting analyses of multiple, integrated sets of aviation, weather, and other related data to identify ways to improve predictive models, identify trends impacting operations, and apply machine learning techniques to solve complex problems. Qualifications: Preferred Qualifications: - Experience using tools such as Java, R, and Python to prepare and analyze time series data. - Coding, data modeling, simulation, and data visualization experience (e.g., Tableau). - Excellent statistical and mathematical skills. - Excellent written and verbal communications skills. - Experience with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. - Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn). - Knowledge of Hadoop (e.g., Pig, Spark) or another distributed computing system. - Past experience working in the aviation domain and with aviation data. Skill is desired, but not required. Minimum Qualifications: BS in Data Science, Machine Learning, or related field of study.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
61,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SIGNAL PROCESSING,"$50k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate and work in a dynamic team environment, developing and testing software for various types of aircraft. Participate in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Will be responsible for requirements analysis, software design, coding, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Develop new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (must have focus in Computer Science) with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience or coursework with software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the basic knowledge of solid software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing; software/hardware integration and software documentation. Exposure to embedded real-time application development as well as cyber detection will be considered. Experience with Python and/or Java desirable. Exposure to agile methodologies, software engineering practices, requirements analysis, or software design is desirable. Excellent technical communications skills are required. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Dayton, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
62,Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Data Cloud Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
63,STAFF SCIENTIST,"$24k-$51k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Staff Scientist

Requisition Number: 2020-2410-09

S&ME is an employee-owned engineering firm that provides civil, geotechnical, environmental, planning, landscape architecture, survey and construction services. Consistently ranked in the top 100 of ENR's Top 500 Design Firms, our markets are diverse and include transportation, energy, water/wastewater, commercial development, industry, healthcare, education and government. We recruit top talent and are currently seeking a Staff Scientist to join our team in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

The individual will perform field and office work associated with environment evaluations. Field work will include: soil sampling, groundwater sampling, surface water sampling, sediment sampling, wetland delineations, stream classifications, and fauna/flora identification. Other responsibilities include completing data entry to capture field activities, and the preparation of standard environmental reports. This individual will be expected to maintain knowledge of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements by attending environmental or natural resources training courses, or other in-house trainings. This position will require some travel and overnight stays.

Qualifications:
BS in environmental science, geology, biology, chemistry or related field;
2-4 years field experience in related field;
Ability to work outdoors in varying weather conditions;
Ability and willingness to accommodate overnight and out-of-town assignments;
Good technical writing, verbal communication, and computer skills.
This is a full-time position with competitive pay based on experience. Successful candidate must meet requirements of the company's Fleet Management Program, Substance Policy and Reference Check program. Submit resume, cover letter, and salary expectations for consideration. Only qualified candidates with acceptable employment eligibility verification (I-9) will be considered. Visa assistance not provided. S&ME reserves the right to fill this position with an internal or external candidate at any time during the search. S&ME is not responsible for unauthorized job postings or submissions of resumes using external links/websites.

No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.7,"S&ME, Inc.
3.7","Chattanooga, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
64,Associate Data Scientist,"$81k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

As an Associate Data Scientist, you will apply modern data storage, movement, and transformation architectures and techniques to extract and engineer features from any scale structured or unstructured data in health, IT system, business processes, or external data. You will also access, cleanse, compile, and transform disparate data sets to conduct exploratory and pre-defined analyses using scientifically valid techniques and generate meaningful insights as well as assist with feasibility studies to identify data availability, quality and modeling requirements, and dependencies.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Software Engineering, Data Science, or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of statistical programming and applied programming work experience
At least 1 year Data mining, quantitative analysis, and/or statistical modeling including predictive performance and algorithm optimization work experience
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with relational databases and SQL; NoSQL databases (hBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, Couch DB, Riak) and unstructured data; Spark; Pig and Avro
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Expectations
Willing to travel up to 20% of the time as needed
Must be currently residing in or willing to relocate to the Kansas City metro area",4.0,"Cerner
4.0","North Kansas City, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
65,Data Scientist,"$94k-$154k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tinder brings people together. With tens of millions of users and a presence in every country on earth, our reach is expansive and rapidly growing. Tinder’s Analytics Team is looking for a Data Scientist with expertise in Analytics.

Our analytics team takes ownership of the decisions being made from our data – we develop a deep understanding of both the business and its data and establish close working relationships with all teams - including Product, Marketing, Engineering, and Finance – so that we can provide recommendations and make proposals regarding prioritization of initiatives, product launches, A/B tests, and company performance.

As a data scientist in this role, you will be a partner to the Analytics team, providing support for A/B test design and analysis as well as data-driven insights through ad-hoc analyses, presentations, and automated reports and dashboards. This role will require extensive experience with SQL, data wrangling, statistics, and A/B testing as well as the ability to work in cross-functional teams to drive actionable insights. Experience with user growth and acquisition across consumer products is a plus.

Responsibilities:

Master and own the analytical understanding of customer behavior and business performance
Build models to better understand the value and churn behavior of our users
Find the “story” in the data and communicate insights and opportunities with executive and other internal teams
Perform ongoing ad-hoc analyses to evaluate the efficiency of our marketing spend, building reporting infrastructure, and assisting in making budgeting recommendations to optimize growth
Integrate captured event data with other sources of customer data, such as surveys, ad publishers and app store data
Support reporting and business intelligence needs of the entire Marketing team

Skills Required:

3+ years of relevant experience
Ability to think objectively and interpret meaningful themes from quantitative and qualitative data
Ability to build constructive and effective relationships with a broad and diverse group of business partners
Ability to execute on complex analytics projects where you have to determine salient questions in a complex ecosystem and present action-oriented conclusions
Proficiency with SQL required
Scripting skills, preferably in Python. Strong Python/NumPy/PANDAS skills a plus
Knowledge of statistics, specifically experimental design and analysis
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft PowerPoint
Familiarity with common KPIs, metrics, and growth experiments
As part of our team, you’ll enjoy:

· The hustle of a startup with the impact of a global business
· Tremendous opportunity to seek some of the industry’s most exciting problems
· Working with an outstanding team of creative, fun and highly motivated people
· Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, and 401(k) match

At Tinder, we don’t just accept difference — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. Tinder is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.",3.9,"Tinder
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
66,RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - RESEARCH ENGINEER - SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - DIGITAL SIGNAL PROCESSING,-1,"Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. Collaborate in a dynamic team environment, analyzing, designing, developing, testing and fielding software for various types of aircraft. Responsibilities and activities include participating in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Participating in requirements analysis and development, developing and reviewing software design, implementation, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Leading software development tasks and teams. Developing new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Collaborate with the team and work independently. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (with a focus in Computer Science) with 2-7 experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience in software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have the working knowledge of solid software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration, and software documentation. Experience in embedded real-time RTOS application development as well as cyber detection is required. Experience with VxWorks RTOS environments, and cyber threat detection application development is highly desirable. Experience developing with Python or Java as well as experience with avionics applications is a strong plus. Must have strong technical communication skills. Candidates with a demonstrated track record filling software lead role with increasing responsibility in the areas of design, task planning, and delegation are highly desirable. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Dayton, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
67,Data Scientist,"$89k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Scientist will be joining a team of extremely passionate data scientists, product managers, and engineerswho share a common interest in tackling some of the most difficult data science and machine learning problems today. With the data products you design, 7Park will arm influential decision-makers at financial and corporate giants with critical information they need to make smart, data-driven decisions. Our technologies and data power the insights for financial services and corporations.

The compensation package includes a competitive salary and incentive structure, generous benefits, and valuable business experiences, challenges, and excitement of contributing to the success of a fast-growing technology startup.

As Data Scientists at 7Park Data, we design and build data products that provide rich intelligence on real-time economic activity for our financial and corporate clients. To do that, we research and develop machine learning systems to extract decision-ready insight from massive volumes of structured and unstructured data.

Responsibilities:
Building, testing and maintaining all the components of 7Park Data’s product pipelines:
o Developing the transformation and enrichment logic that prepares messy, incomplete and inconsistent data for analysis

o Applying statistical modelling techniques to produce signals and packaging them in a client-consumable output
Work with 7Park Product and Commercial teams to understand business requirements, and their context, then translate them to a technical plan of action.
Evaluate new vendor data as part of our data acquisition process, form opinions on its future business value and the likelihood of success, and ultimately communicate findings to stakeholders at all levels of seniority
Collaborate with our Financial Research team to investigate hypotheses, produce commentaries and analyses on market trends, as well as refining new and existing products
Work with Product Managers at a strategic level to plan product roadmaps, recommend new products or enhancements, as well as estimating and prioritizing work. Ensure alignment of day-to-day activity with the overall product strategy
Develop systems to monitor the analytical quality of production models to discover anomalies, following through to investigation and resolution
Create technical documentation for both internal and external technical audiences, as well as contributing to client-facing content for non-technical audiences
Requirements:
3 – 5 years of relevant professional experience in an autonomous data analytics or data science role
Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, computational finance, or a similar quantitative field (or relevant work experience)
Knowledge of statistics, computer science and machine learning
Strong programming skills in Python (highly preferred), R, and/or Scala
Strong proficiency with Pandas and Scikit-Learn
Experience with building distributed data pipelines using PySpark
Experience with several of the following concepts: decision trees, random forests, gradient boosting; linear regression; logistic regression; dimensionality reduction using PCA and clustering
Comfortable with general SDLC concepts and processes
Results-driven attitude with a strong desire to build data products and achieve results that matter- for us and for our clients. We come to play and play to win.
Deeply held conviction for the power of data, with high analytical standards and surgical attention to detail
Fearlessness in the pursuit of process improvement, implementation, and change
Flexibility and willingness to adapt to the changing demands of a fast-paced startup environment
Solutions oriented approach and multi-dimensional problem solving
Highly self-motivated and results oriented, proven track record of exceeding goals
Commitment to success and willingness to put forth the effort to achieve it
Strong written and verbal English communication skills – ability to communicate complex ideas simply and accurately to technical and non-technical audiences",4.0,"7Park Data
4.0","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
68,Data Engineer,"$42k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Cadent powers the evolution of TV brand advertising. We provide marketers, agencies, operators, and media owners with data-driven solutions for buying and selling TV advertising. By connecting brands with opportunities across national inventory sourcescable, broadcast, and digital mediaour technology improves efficiencies and boosts the results of linear, addressable, and cross-screen campaigns.

Right now we are looking for a self motivated Data Engineer to join the team responsible for ingesting, processing, and distributing the data used by Cadent's data-driven business systems. This position will work directly with our Data Science, Business Intelligence and Software Development teams to produce these systems.

About you:
You have a strong aptitude for querying data sets from heterogeneous sourcesboth structured and unstructured
You have commercial experience with both distributed systems, e.g. Hadoop and Spark, cloud ecosystems like AWS and Azure, and traditional relational database systems
You have a conceptual understanding of advanced numerical programming and will be able to verbalize the story of the data in business terms.
You can easily work with a diverse team to achieve a common goal
What you will do:
Process unstructured data into a form suitable for data consumers
Create data pipelines from various data sources through the different data lake zones to make data available for query and reporting
Collaborate with data scientists on data selection, preprocessing and formatting for analysis
Collaborate with software development teams to productize analytical tool prototypes
Collaborate with business stakeholders and third parties to improve external data sources
Support business decisions with ad hoc data analysis as needed
Actively participate in architecting Cadent's Data Lake solution.
Your education and experience:
B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field
3 years of commercial development of efficient and robust ETL and data processing workflows
2 years of commercial experience with AWS or Azure ecosystem and Spark programming
Experience with AWS S3, Glue, Athena, Lambda, EC2 desirable
3 years of commercial experience programming in a functional programming language such as Scala and/or an object-oriented programming language such as Java/C#/Python
Commercial experience with relational database management systems and SQL queries
Demonstrable analytical and quantitative numerical programming experience
Good presentation and communication skillsvisual and verbal
Experience working in both Unix/Linux and Windows environments is a plus.


If the leading edge of media technology is the place you want to be, please contact us today and let's start the conversation!

/CADENT/ is an EOE M/F/D/V. We do not work with 3rd Party Staffing Agencies.

]]>",2.9,"Cadent
2.9","Philadelphia, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
69,"Associate Scientist, Clinical Development","$20k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","GENEWIZ is a leading global genomics service company and trusted provider for DNA sequencing, gene synthesis, molecular biology, next generation sequencing, bioinformatics, and GLP regulatory services. Our customers depend on GENEWIZ to achieve results in a rapid, cost-effective manner through specialized expertise and customizable, scalable services.

We are seeking an Associate Scientist I to join our Clinical Development Services department. This position will primarily be responsible for nucleic acid extraction, qPCR setup, and next-generation sequencing library preparation and is a great entry-level role with room for growth and advancement. If you have the desire to work in a casual yet results-driven environment that embraces innovation- then you’re just what we’re looking for!

Title: Associate Scientist I

Responsibilities:

Independently carry out nucleic acid extractions from a variety of sample types
Perform quantitative PCR (qPCR) set-up and data analysis
Prepare libraries for high-throughput sequencing
Carry out DNA sequencing on next-generation DNA analyzers
Perform routine maintenance of DNA analyzers and related equipment
Check inventory and replenish consumable sequencing supplies
Communicate with customers by phone and e-mail in a friendly and professional manner
Follow SOPs and guidance of supervisors
Be an effective team-player committed to company goals

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Biological Sciences required
1+ years biological lab experience is required
Experience working in a regulatory environment (e.g. CLIA/CAP, GLP, GMP, GCLP, and/or GCP) is highly desirable
Knowledge of standard laboratory processes
Follow and help to develop Standard Operating Protocol (SOP)
Strong communications/interpersonal skills, both verbal and written, and attention to detail are essential.

GENEWIZ is a leading global genomics service company and trusted provider for DNA sequencing, gene synthesis, molecular biology, next generation sequencing, bioinformatics, and GLP regulatory services. Our customers depend on GENEWIZ to achieve results in a rapid, cost-effective manner through specialized expertise and customizable, scalable services that contribute to the advancement of life sciences and technologies.

GENEWIZ employees have a winning attitude and champion innovation, teamwork and accountability through a results-oriented, customer-centric, and fun culture. We offer various health and financial benefits, learning opportunities, competitive compensation, rewarding bonus programs, and a wide range of work/life benefits designed to make your life easier.

EOE M/F/Disabled/VET",2.8,"GENEWIZ, Inc.
2.8","South Plainfield, NJ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
70,Staff Data Scientist,-1,"We are a company of passionate individuals striving to improve healthcare and patient experiences. Our evidence-based medical content and software tools empower both payers and providers to make the best decisions for patients. Our work makes a difference in the quality of care that hundreds of thousands of patients receive each day and we're proud of our positive impact.

MCG Health's Data Science Solutions Team is responsible for building, delivering, evolving and operating the company's Data Science Solutions. These solutions empower doctors, nurses and patients to make the best decisions for health outcomes and quality of life factors valued by patients. The primary purpose of the Senior Data Scientist is to provide thought leadership and pragmatic technical leadership to the Data Science Solutions group and their use of AI, Data Science, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing Technologies.

In this role you will:
Collaborate with business, product, technical stakeholders and team members to deliver innovative solutions that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare delivery
Be an expert on problems that matter to MCG's markets / clients, and propose approaches to leverage data, AI / ML / NLP / DS technologies and MCG's assets to address these problems
Contribute to establishing a team environment of collaboration, excellence and innovation
Provide thought leadership regarding the continually advancing state of the art of readily available AI technologies and cloud-based services that are relevant to MCG products and solutions
Contribute to establishment and evolution of methodologies for development and maintenance of data science models, to ensure effective usage and rapid, continuous improvement
Contribute to technology choices (build, buy, use open source) to support rapid experimentation and development of data models that can be readily transitioned to production
Collaborate with DSS and/or MCG software engineering leadership to deploy platforms to support data ingestion from internal and external sources, and to deploy platforms to support continuous transformation of successful models into production usage
Partner with MCG technical leadership team to ensure compliance with security, privacy (HIPAA), regulatory and other obligations
Represent MCG's Data Science Solutions group, products and technologies to business and technical stakeholders at client companies and industry groups / associations
We'd love to hear from you if:
You have a minimum 5 years experience working with AI technologies
You have demonstrated experience building one or both of: Predictive / classification models using Machine Learning techniques, NLP systems using Deep Learning, or other techniques
You have demonstrated experience delivering successful ML and/or NLP solutions to the marketplace is required.
You have demonstrated experience working with software engineers to design and deliver Data Science platforms and tooling for use by a Data Science team is required; this may include creating such a platform from the ground up or successful configuration / deployment / usage of third-party platforms augmented by internally built tooling as needed
You have demonstrated experience with cloud-based data science services
You have demonstrated experience mentoring and providing technical leadership for data science model experimentation, and ongoing enhancement / evolution of solutions
You have demonstrated the ability to think ""outside the box"" and identify business problems appropriate to usage of AI / ML / NLP / DS techniques is required
You have demonstrated proficiency with lean system development practices successfully applied to deliver business value at sustainable velocity
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity, and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. It is only with diverse thoughts and ideas that we'll be able to create the change we want in healthcare. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be for it.",4.6,"MCG Health
4.6",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
71,Data Scientist,-1,"Artlin Consulting is seeking motivated individuals who are passionate about helping clients achieve excellence. Qualified candidates will have a creative, holistic, and systematic approach to problem-solving.

The intermediate data scientist with solid data analytics and science expertise. The Defense Acquisition Data Scientist will be a key contributor on an Executive-level Department of Defense Analytic team, leveraging knowledge of data science, methodologies, and processing techniques to support analytics and gather data from disparate Federal, Defense and public databases in support of Major Weapon System acquisition and program management. As the Data Scientist, you will work with Department leadership and a diverse analytical research cell.

Position Responsibilities:
Leverage technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Apply technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Create informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Document and visualize data both temporally and spatially, and present data to managers.
Create and provide informational briefings that are required to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support data analytics efforts and stay current with evolving technologies and capabilities.
Complete ad hoc data extract and reporting tasks as requested by organizational leaders.
Perform data extracts and loads from source data systems to analytical data stores.
Work with business leaders to solve business problems by understanding, preparing, and analyzing data to predict emerging trends and provide recommendations to optimize business results.
Experience Level:
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or other business-related field, Master's Degree preferred
2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience, DoD/Federal Government experience preferred.
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proven ability working successfully in a collaborative and diverse environment
Experience interacting with Senior Leadership
Secret Security Clearance and above for this role
Tools and Proficiency Level:
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar - Required
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar - Desired
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational systems
Big data and cloud processing experience
Experience working in a cloud based environment
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint
MS Access, SQL Server, SharePoint, and Visual Basic programming knowledge is a plus
Position Overview:
Applies technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Creates informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
Active DoD Secret security clearance.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
2+ years of relevant work experience.
Strong team-building skills as well as confidence when working with senior leadership and peers.
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools such as MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar.
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting, and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational system.
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint.
Desired Education/Experience/Skills:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar.
Big data and cloud processing experience.
SQL Database experience.
DoD/Federal Government experience.
Artlin Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.1,"Artlin Consulting
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
72,Data Analyst,"$33k-$59k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our data operations team is the pharmacy support system for our customers - we help them transition to divvyDOSE, manage their prescriptions, answer their questions, and coordinate care with their health team. This work is coordinated across pharmacists, technicians, and customer support staff to ensure we provide the best care for our customers. Among other things, we transfer prescriptions to and from other pharmacies, contact medical care providers to understand treatments and request prescription refills and answer inbound questions from our customers.

You will:


Your goal is to help the operation run more effectively and efficiently through data analysis, reporting, dash-boarding, and special projects. You will help us build context through better reporting and drive the business forward by providing data-driven recommendations on ways to improve efficiency and optimize our operation. On any given day you might be presenting to our executive team, doing a deep dive on call analytics, or working with a small team to prototype and test new processes.
Become an expert and go-to resource for our process flows and our operational data
Work with operations management to develop actionable operations performance dashboards across all areas of the organization
Perform ad-hoc data analysis to identify measurable improvements to our operation, and advocate for those improvements via presentations and reports
Maintain and improve operations forecasting models
Collaborate with Finance and Technology teams to ensure we are able to continue to effectively measure our operation as technology improves
Communicate effectively and efficiently across multiple teams and work groups
Requirements
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You are used to tackling very loosely defined problems and still deliver high-quality output
Advanced proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and strong written and oral communication
Ability to adapt quickly to a changing environment
3-5 years of analyst experience
Bachelor's degree, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
Experience with BI tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus
Job Title: Data Analyst

Job Type: Full-time

FLSA Status: Exempt

Benefits

In addition to competitive salary and a unique opportunity to thrive at a growing company, divvyDOSE offers various formal benefits as well.

INSURANCE, PAID TIME OFF, & RETIREMENT

Full-time employees receive Sick days, Vacation days, and Holiday Bonuses as well as employer-paid Medical (including a Health Savings Account with an employer contribution), Dental, Vision, and Life insurance. In addition, we're proud to offer Voluntary Life & AD&D, Short Term Disability, and Long Term Disability coverage. A 401k plan with employer contribution is available, too.

SOCIAL EVENTS

In our company description, you can tell the divvyTEAM likes to have fun. Regular potlucks, company events, pizza days, wellness challenges, and divvyNEWS You Can Use updates maintain our work-hard play-hard culture.

divvyDOSE provides equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, or veteran status, or other legally protected classification in the state in which a person is seeking employment. Applicants encouraged to confidentially self-identify when applying. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Drug-free work environment. Must be eligible to work in the United States.

Apply for this job",3.4,"divvyDOSE
3.4","Moline, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
73,ANC-Environmental Engineer-Scientist (ML),"$84k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Shannon & Wilson’s Anchorage office provides clients with environmental and geotechnical engineering services. Anchorage’s field support personnel include environmental and geotechnical engineers, EITS, environmental scientists and geologists. Our projects take us to some of the most beautiful and rugged locations in Alaska. We offer varying exciting work assignments and a friendly work atmosphere. It’s one of the reasons most of our staff are long-term employees. With so many ways to build work relationships and give back to our community, staff in our Anchorage office enjoy a group summer BBQ, annual ski trip, Bike to Work celebrations, and attending career fairs. Anchorage is surrounded by exciting outdoor opportunities including camping, hiking, biking, fishing, skiing, golfing, scenic drives, glaciers, national parks and wildlife viewing. Also offering, a vibrant arts community, surrounded by many restaurants and shops, Anchorage is a gem.

Responsibilities:
Comprehensive environmental consulting and/or engineering that includes planning, data assessment, reporting, overseeing field personnel, travel and field work, and/or sample collection.
Perform Phase I, II, & III Environmental Site Assessments.
Define scopes of service and prepare budgets and proposals.
Review, evaluate, and interpret environmental data and prepare summary reports.
Interact and communicate with clients, vendors, and staff at all levels in a professional manner.
Support business development and marketing activities, including preparation of cost proposals and presentations to existing and prospective clients.
Follow Shannon & Wilson’s Quality Assurance policy.
Follow and promote Shannon & Wilson’s Health & Safety and Loss Prevention policies and procedures.
Perform other duties as assigned by your supervisor.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Geology, Hydrology, Civil, Chemical or Environmental Engineering, Chemistry, Biology, or other Natural Science; Master's Degree preferred.
7 to 14 years of experience
40-hour HAZWOPER training
Knowledge of Alaska environmental regulations.
Knowledge of RCRA, CERCLA, OSHA and other federal regulations.
Experience sampling soil, groundwater, and other media at contaminated sites.
Experience in hazardous waste and hazardous materials management.
Experience with environmental remediation technologies.
Experience on federal projects (HTRW, TERC, AFCEE, etc.).
Travel and year-round field work, with working hours more than 40 per week and weekends as needed.
Excellent writing, organizational, and communication skills required to effectively interact with clients and staff at all levels.
Must be personable, flexible, and professional.
Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision.
Must be willing and able to travel and support the needs of other Shannon & Wilson offices.
Must have and maintain a valid driver license and insurable driving record.
Basic computer skills: MS Word, MS Excel required.
This position requires critical thinking and analysis; frequent sitting, standing, walking, bending, and lifting and carrying 30+ pounds; working in all weather conditions; field visits per project needs; ability to travel (drive or fly) to other Shannon & Wilson offices and drive to and from job sites locally and out of state.
Other desirable skills and training based on previous experience:
Advanced computer skills: Access, ArcGIS, AutoCAD.
Experience with statistical analyses.
Experience with fate and transport modeling.
Experience with planning, logistics, and field work in remote locations.
Experience preparing SPCC Plans and SWPPPs.
Meet the requirements of an Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation Qualified Environmental Professional, as defined by 18 Alaska Administrative Code 75.333
Level Placement

Typically, depending on an applicant’s education, experience, other qualifications they possess, if they are a fit for the company and local office culture, and the current business needs, a Mid-Level Environmental Geologist/Engineer/Scientist typically would be placed at a Shannon & Wilson Senior Professional I, II, or III level.

Shannon & Wilson is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
https://www.paycomonline.net/v4/ats/web.php/jobs/ViewJobDetails?job=38323&clientkey=B3846FCE14DB1D56C33509DCE4268F1C
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"Shannon & Wilson, Inc.
4.0","Anchorage, AK",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1954,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
74,Data Scientist,"$58k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","STRATACACHE provides salable customer experiences, empowering retailers to learn deeply about their customers’ shopping preferences and behaviors, allowing for personalized shopper interaction. Our solutions deliver consumer activation at the point-of-decision, generating new sales opportunities and enhanced retail profitability. With 3 million+ software activations globally, we power the biggest digital networks for the world’s largest brands. Across the STRATACACHE family of complementary digital media/ad tech solution companies, we have the technology, expertise and track record to bring retail innovation that delivers results.

Learn more about the STRATACACHE family at www.stratacache.com.

Data Scientist

Do you love data? Do you enjoy creating statistical models and finding insights that make a difference? Are you interested in the future of retail, commerce, and customer analytics? If so, this is the role for you. In this role you will have the opportunity to work with software engineering, sales, and product organizations to develop innovative, impactful data applications. Your efforts will enhance the overall product quality utilizing many aspects of data science, including various types of modeling that drive toward strategic analytics. You will be focused on the future of the restaurant and retail experience by discovering insights while creating strategic, marketing, retail, customer experience and digital analytics. Your background in statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quantitative research, and/or analytics consulting will be very beneficial as you take on this exciting position in the company and join our Data Science team. In this role you will also have the opportunity to continue to build and improve the marketing of technology products that are influenced by data, understand human behavior and determine how to influence and impact the retail marketplace with exciting new solutions and insights.

Responsibilities include:

Design, build, and deliver statistical models and related actionable data-focused results to support product and customer requirements and initiatives.
Work closely with engineering, product and sales teams to understand business and technical requirements, translate these into important discovery directives, and follow through to optimize and support the enhancement and growth of Stratacache products.
Establish and make effective use of internal and external datasets to back up and support key strategic, product, and customer decision-making efforts.
Serve as the data science expert on cross-functional teams for large strategic initiatives and education on accessing and utilizing qualified and focused data for decision making.
Analyze, propose, design and successfully deliver data experiments for engineering, product and sales teams to ensure statistical rigor and effectiveness.
Provide expertise and professionalism in handling sensitive, privacy-protected data, including sources, structures, organization, and optimization.
Communicate complex ideas about our product through visual aids like charts and dashboards.
Keep up-to-date with emerging data science and statistical technologies, methods and practices.
Create and/or use existing data models for predictions regarding user behavior.
Communicate ideas, processes, and results to all levels of internal and external clients and teams.
Basic & Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis, or other technical field related to software development.
Minimum 3 years of related experience working with data science and statistical modeling.
Experience in the QSR, retail or ecommerce industries from a data perspective is required.
Experience with recommendation engines and discovering new and advanced modeling methods i.e. deep neural networks, gradient boosted decision trees, etc.. is required.
Experience with SQL and at least one functional or statistical programming language is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with R and Python is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with REST APIs is required.
Experience working with Postgres, Timescale DB and/or other related database technologies is required.
Ability to distill complex statistical concepts and methodology, and articulate insights to cross-functional teams and clients with varying levels of knowledge in this space is required.
Ability to work with distributed and remote teams is required.
Experience with complex query writing is required.
Experience with result-set performance tuning and related data administration is required.
Experience with big data technologies is required.
Experience and understanding of various statistical modeling tools and platforms is required.
Experience in ecommerce, wifi, app messaging, social and other datasets is beneficial.
Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence methods and practice is beneficial.
Understanding and experience with database technologies is beneficial including Oracle, SQLServer, etc..
Understanding and experience with BI technologies is beneficial: Tableau, Microstrategy, Microsoft, OBI, etc..
Experience with kafka, Go, or Redis is beneficial.
Understanding of data modeling techniques and star schemas is beneficial.
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce is beneficial.
Experience with ftp, file transfers, data exchange methodologies.
A solid understanding of methodology, data and systems from a broad range of research and analytics providers, including emerging tools and methods is required.
Ability to articulate and tie data to business strategy.
Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills
Self-motivated, self-starter with a team-centric focus while working in a fluid environment.
Exceptional communication skills: verbal, written, and presentation.
Experience in the following areas: strategic analytics, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data analytics, statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quant research, analytics consulting.
Desire and interest to uncover and discover insights using disparate data sources.
Desire and interest in being the “Go To” person for data science.
Dynamic personality and passion for data, analytics, visualizations and storytelling is beneficial for this role.
Keen sense of user interface design, style, aesthetics and effective visual presentation.
Experience with agile development methodologies.
Ability to work effectively in fast-paced, results-oriented work environment.
Ability to handle and adjust to change in requirements and direction.
Positive attitude, attention to detail, and great problem solving skills are important.

STRATACACHE and its family of companies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, veteran, marital, parental, citizenship, or domestic partner status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law.

While we are excited and appreciate you interest in our opportunities, please keep in mind that we are not able to contact all applicants that have applied.

No vendor/agency solicitation please.",3.6,"STRATACACHE
3.6","Dayton, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
75,Machine Learning Engineer,"$76k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Machine Learning Engineer

US Citizenship is required due to security clearance requirements.

Are you a motivated engineer who is passionate about embracing new challenges and solving the hardest technical problems in a team-oriented environment? Every day, the engineers at Expedition Technology work together to solve our Nations defense and intelligence challenges by using Machine Learning and Deep Learning to demystify data obtained from signals and images.

Our applied research and development mindset afford our people the opportunity to work on the most cutting-edge methods of optimizing deep learning networks, developing state-of-the-art algorithms and ultimately producing software products that are critical to our nations defense infrastructure.

The success we have already achieved has made Expedition Technology one of the top Machine Learning/Deep Learning research organizations in the Defense and Intelligence communities and we need additional intelligent, passionate, creative people to join our team.

When you join our team, youll have the opportunity to:
Dive directly into the latest computer vision and signal processing research to replicate new techniques published in academia and find ways to make those ideas work on a larger scale
Use your strong Python coding skills to research, design, develop and expand upon algorithms that will train neural networks to deliver actionable intelligence faster and more effectively
Develop deep-learning software prototypes that demonstrate potential usefulness to our customers
Analyze data from disparate sources including images, video, radar, signals and more
Brainstorm solutions to the toughest problems alongside a team of smart, creative, passionate engineers
Participate in machine learning brownbag sessions and other forms of collaborative learning to keep abreast of the constant changes in Machine and Deep Learning
Required skills:
Strong problem-solving skills combined with deep intellectual curiosity and the desire to push technical boundaries
Strong coding skills- preferably in Python, C/C++, Julia or other object-oriented language in a Linux environment
Software development skills and the desire to work on cutting edge development in a Cloud environment
Deep understanding of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of computer vision and/or signal processing including techniques for classification and feature extraction
Excellent oral, written, presentation and communication skills
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field. Advance degrees welcome
US Citizenship- Must be a US Citizen eligible to maintain a US Government security clearance
Desired skills:
Experience with deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Caffe or Keras
About Expedition Technology

At Expedition Technology, we push the boundaries of what is possible every day. Our engineers work on the most challenging problems in Computer Vision, Digital Signal Processing and Software Engineering from a Machine Learning/Deep Learning perspective and collaborate to find the answers. We are a research-focused company whose mission it is to solve our customers most pressing needs in a creative, novel manner.

Expedition Technology offers self-directed, company-paid Medical, Dental and Vision benefits and the freedom to allow you to select which benefits matter most. We offer a 401k with a generous company match, a student loan repayment program, equity shares, paid holidays, paid time off and an education reimbursement allowance. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

Interested in joining our team? Lets explore together.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
76,Data Scientist,-1,"At White Ops, we are all about keeping it human. We are the global leader in bot mitigation. We protect more than 200 enterprises—including the largest internet platforms—from sophisticated bots by verifying the humanity of nearly one trillion online interactions every week. The most sophisticated bots look and act like humans when they click on ads, visit websites, fill out forms, take over accounts, and commit payment fraud. We stop them.

Founded in 2012 in a Brooklyn sci-fi bookstore, our Bot Mitigation Platform protects enterprises from the sophisticated bots that threaten them. It's an ongoing war that we fight passionately every day. Join our mission to stop bots, disrupt the economics of cyber crime, and keep it human.

The Data Science team at White Ops is building the algorithms that run behind the scenes and power our bot detection engine. We deploy state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning models at a massive scale that distinguish human activity from automated bots.

What you'll do:
Develop algorithms (i.e. rule based, statistical, machine learning) that automatically detect emerging threats
Evaluate and implement data analysis strategies to improve detection efficacy at internet-scale
Ad hoc investigations to respond to emerging threats with velocity and quality
Collaborate with product, engineering, customer success, to define and develop new product features that will delight our customers
Research for case studies and white papers on bot detection
Contribute to toolkits and platforms that scale detection analytics
Who you are:
You have a strong sense of ownership which drives you to find ways to do things better, faster, and cheaper
You look to find new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation, all by yourself
You are open, transparent and work in tight collaboration with anyone
You constantly drive for correctness and performance, in that order
You are a data scientist, analyst, engineer and have solved difficult problems to prove it
You have proficiency with SQL, Python
You have familiarity with tools, libraries and platforms such as Jupyter notebooks, Pandas, NumPy etc
Track record of independent, creative problem solving with large amounts of complex data
Knowledge of how the Internet works
Comfort with ad tech terminology
Background in data science for security is a plus
Knowledge of how web browsers work is a plus
Benefits and Perks
Unlimited vacation policy
Stock options, 401(k), and commuter benefits
Competitive salary and benefits
Medical and dental insurance for all full-time employees
Fully paid parental leave
Professional development fund
Great coaching from senior leaders and challenging development opportunities
Life at White Ops:

Our HQ office is located in the heart of New York City. We are growing the company deliberately with a keen eye towards maintaining a culture that values diversity, lifestyle, and career growth. We are doing meaningful work and we need people to join our mighty team. We are proud of our overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and Built in NYC. We have offices located in NYC, DC, Victoria, and London.",3.8,"White Ops
3.8","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
77,Data Scientist,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","When you’re the best, we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future.

Summary:

In this role, you will conduct sophisticated data analysis to help address critical business and member questions, the outputs of which enable members to drive improvements in clinical, operational, and economic outcomes.

Responsibilities:

Provide analysis to identify critical issues/questions around member performance.

Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns, and identify member performance improvement opportunities.

Generate hypotheses and analyze data to test and interpret results.

Design and develop data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions.

Communicate findings from exploratory and predictive data analysis broadly to team and leaders.

Identify improvement opportunities in reporting and BI tools and collaborate with Products Technology to implement enhancements.

Serve as the resident data expert and share best practices/approaches for statistics, machine learning techniques, data modeling, simulation and advanced mathematics.

Collaborate with key leaders and clinicians to build analytical acumen across all analytic roles in the organization.

Qualifications:

Relevant degree preferred. Advanced degree a plus.

5 or more years of relevant work experience.

Proficient programming experience using SAS/Python/R.

Demonstrated ability to manage large disparate data sets and using quantitative and qualitative analysis.

Experience effectively communicating and presenting data to a variety of audiences required.

Experience working with health care administrative claims data (ICD-10, MS-DRG, CPT/HCPCS) or electronic medical record data tools (Epic Clarity/Caboodle, Cerner CCL-Discern/PowerInsight) strongly preferred.

#LI-DM

#IDS

Equal Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender identity, ethnicity, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.",3.8,"Vizient, Inc.
3.8","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
78,Master Data Analyst,"$42k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Summary:

Under general supervision, the Master Data Analyst will have the primary responsibility for ensuring that master data is maintained by entering, updating, and maintaining master data, as well as having a full understanding of the impact of this data across the value chain. This position is focused on ensuring data integrity, as well as data entry.

Essential Functions & Key Responsibilities:

Responsible for ensuring that master data is properly defined and setup in our IFS enterprise system. Working closely with the Master Data Manager, the Master Data Analyst is also responsible for data collection, entry and loading of local Master Data into IFS, including Bill of Materials, Customer and Material records, etc.
Understand the data elements and how they flow through the supply chain.
Receive and process requests from the user community for changes to, or creation of master data records, and manage the requests through a formal process of validation and approval.
Coordinate with the user community to ensure correctness and completeness of data contained in requests.
Pro-actively monitor and analyze all master data files for continuous improvements on the cleanliness of data.
Responsible for prompt implementation of all Master Data procedures to ensure that all information systems and services meet the company standards and end-user requirements.
Assist with testing configuration changes to master data elements.
Troubleshoot and resolve master data issues.

Candidate Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Supply Chain, Logistics or 2-4 years' equivalent work experience.
Solid experience in Microsoft Office products, specifically Excel, (ability to perform Vlookups and formatting. Pivot-Tables a plus!)
Team player with strong verbal and written communication skills.
Experience in SAP strongly preferred, IFS a big plus!
Effective time manager - routinely called on to prioritize a large number of tasks and report on assignment status.
Excellent analytical, interpersonal and organizational skills. Written and verbal communication skills are critical.
Detailed oriented / Ability to maintain high data integrity during data transfer process.
Ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously in an extremely fast-paced environment.
Ability to quickly and effectively prioritize a large volume of tasks to ensure timelines are met, and all information is available to the user community quickly and effectively.
Successful candidates must have a passion for on-time customer service, proactive problem-solving, superior attention to detail.

Please no recruiting agencies

Following GMP in compliance with all food safety requirements.

Novolex does not publicly post salary information on job boards.

Novolex™ is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all employment practices, including but not limited to, selection, hiring, promotion, transfer, and compensation to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to age, race, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, handicap or disability, genetics, citizenship status, service member or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law. Any individual, who because of his or her disability, needs an accommodation in connection with an aspect of the Company’s application process should contact Jamie Wells at hrcompliance@novolex.com.

#LI-JF1 #MON1",3.0,"Novolex Holdings, LLC
3.0","Covington, KY",-1,10000+ Employees,2004,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
79,Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations,"$120k-$193k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Job Title: Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations

City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois

Job Description

Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products, we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for an Operations Senior Data Scientist to join our team located at our Company Headquarters in Lake Forest, IL.

Your Role:

As an Operations Senior Data Scientist, you will primarily be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will prepare data insights and proposals in narrative and visual forms and leverage advanced data science methods to discover opportunities to increase equipment effectiveness, reduce costs and provide insights to plants on process disruptions. You will have the opportunity to:
Improve the manufacturing process by formulating hypotheses, conducting experiments and delivering improvements to KPIs based on findings
Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant equipment
Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights
Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency
Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights.

You will love it here if…
You are not only a team-player, but you foster a collaborative team environment
You are analytic, enjoy new challenges and thrive in a fast paced manufacturing operation
You are committed to operational excellence and to keeping others safe in the workplace
We need you to have:
A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python, Machine Learning
3-5 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes
3-5 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies
Experience in AWS Analytics platform
SQL query skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field
Icing on the cake:
Experience developing and implementing predictive maintenance and predictive quality models
Data visualization skills in Power BI
Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html

The poster and the supplement can be found on this link.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.",3.5,"Reynolds Consumer Products
3.5","Lake Forest, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
80,Certified Lab Scientist or Certified Lab Tech,-1,"Prairie Ridge Health is looking for a team member to join or Lab Department in the role of Certified Lab Scientist or Certified Lab Tech. This position is PRN (as needed) and will be responsible for performing general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability...….

POSITION SUMMARY
Lab Scientist

The Medical Technologist performs general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability. The data obtained is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease involving patient of all ages. The Medical Technologist develops and maintains test procedures and protocols, and troubleshoots both technology and sample related problems. (S)he exercises independent judgment and responsibility with minimal supervision. May supervise others in the absence of the Laboratory Supervisor. Makes decisions about the accuracy of test results, instrument operation, specimen suitability, and uses sound clinical judgment in setting the priority of tests/patients

OR

Lab Tech

The Clinical Laboratory Technician I performs general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability. The data obtained is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease involving patient of all ages. The Clinical Laboratory Technician II develops and maintains test procedures and protocols, and troubleshoots both technology and sample related problems. (S)he exercises independent judgment and responsibility with minimal supervision. Makes decisions about the accuracy of test results, instrument operation, specimen suitability, and uses sound clinical judgment in setting the priority of tests/patients.

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS/LICENSURE/CERTIFICATION/REGISTRATION

Lab Scientist

Bachelors’ degree in Medical Technology and graduate of an accredited Medical Technology Program.
Registered or eligible as a Medical Technologist (MT) or Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS) with a national accrediting agency (ASCP) or qualified as a MT/CLS having passed the Federal Equivalence Exam (HEW)
Meets the CLIA 88 requirements for individuals performing highly complex testing
CPR certification

OR

Lab Tech

Associate degree and completion of a 2 year CLT / Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) training program.
Registered or eligible as a Clinical Laboratory Technician or Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) with a national accrediting agency (ASCP).
Meets the CLIA 88 requirements for individuals performing highly complex testing.
A minimum of 1 year experience in a clinical laboratory performing highly complex testing is desired or a recent new graduate of an accredited school.
CPR certification

FTE: PRN (as needed)

Shift: As Needed

Powered by JazzHR

Ly3sHi576B",-1,Prairie Ridge Health,"Columbus, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Hospital,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
81,Treasury Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4141

Job Title:
Treasury Data Analyst

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
SUMMARY: The Treasury Analyst supports execution and provides ad hoc analysis across all treasury functions including risk management, funding & liquidity, forecasting, and reporting.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Analysis
Run long-term deposit analysis projects to identify opportunities to efficiently grow the retail deposit portfolio. This analysis will include developing, testing, and maintaining statistical behavioral models and reporting findings to senior management.
Develop reporting tools to streamline reporting and increase depth of understanding of customer behavior and customer lifetime value.
Develop adhoc analytics around liquidity management, funding alternatives and execution, and opportunity cost of different approaches to funding.

Reporting / Reconciliation
Enhance standard daily and periodic reporting and maintain process documentation for all relevant reports including funding mix/cost of funds and certain liquidity metrics.
Testing and implementation of new technology tools including Tableau dashboards and other platforms.
Develop new dashboard and key metrics to monitor liquidity and funding profile across various portfolios, time horizons, and markets.

Operations
Act as occasional back up for cash position reporting and exception pricing processing and escalation of non-standard pricing requests.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation around reporting processes including data sources and inputs.
Engage with different groups across IT, operations, and product development to enhance reporting, identify new data sources, and enhance the bank's understanding of customer behaviors.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Accounting, or related fields from an accredited institution
CFA or MsF preferred
Minimum 3 years in corporate treasury or financial services required
Alternate combination of education and experience may be considered
Experience with statistical modeling or econometric modeling including data management, model development, and interpreting and presenting results
Strong skills in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and ability to clearly communicate
Proficiency in statistical modeling/programming languages such as R, Python, or SQL required
Willingness to learn new analysis, querying, and data visualization programs required",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
82,Data Engineer,"$52k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

ID.me is a digital identity network and our mission is to make the world a more trusted place by facilitating transparent and efficient interactions between people and organizations.

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join our Product team to design and build a robust set of tools and pipelines to support data analytics efforts. You’ll manage and optimize our core infrastructure by creating and maintaining data pipelines. You will work with other engineers and analysts from the Product and Business teams to design, implement, and maintain a data ecosystem that delivers actionable insights to make key business decisions. You have technical chops but can also work independently to prioritize issues, work within ambiguity, and manage conflicting deadlines. You are creative, data-driven, results-oriented, and eager to help us solve data problems of varying complexities.

Responsibilities
Develop technical solutions using proven techniques in data and analytics processes
Develop, prototype, and build frameworks based on open source and commercially available tools
Orchestrate and maintain data pipelines that meet security standards and ensure the integrity and quality of data
Demonstrate a passion for serving the needs of internal and external customers by enabling them with self-service reporting tools and analytics capabilities
Drive the execution of data initiatives that provide key performance metrics
Understand the data related challenges, nuances, and requirements to identify and recommend the optimal technical approach
Train and educate team members as well as stakeholders about best practices in data engineering and governance
Collaborate closely with the engineering and devops team to implement DataOps, thus reducing our analytics development cycle
Research and improve our data platform to ingest, process, transform, and distribute insightful data to our audience ranging from executives, analysts, and engineers to customers, vendors, and partners
Evangelize data driven culture by breaking down silos and encouraging data sharing
Qualifications
3+ years of hands-on experience in data engineering for a SaaS company or a mature startup
Proven experience working with various tools but more importantly, familiarity with how to best assemble and deploy production ready data stack to any cloud environment
BS in a quantitative or scientific field such as computer science, computer engineering or equivalent experience
Experience in applying agile software development approach - Git, CI/CD, Jira, etc - to data engineering
Familiar with SQL and other popular programming languages (such as Ruby, Python, .NET, etc)
Exceptional fluency with SQL; you conquered the join venn diagram long ago and have moved on to explaining cost based optimization to your peers on the engineering team
Some level of experience working in the cloud - AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with ingesting, processing, and visualizing data sources of varying types - structured/relational and unstructured
Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets
Data-driven, detail-oriented individual with excellent storytelling and problem-solving abilities
Ability to work independently and autonomously, as well as part of a team
Superb time management, prioritization of tasks and ability to meet deadlines with little supervision
Vision: To be the world's leading digital identity network empowering people to control their own information and to prove their credentials across all channels: online, call center, and in-person.

Mission: To make the world a more trusted place by delivering the highest level of security with the least amount of friction at the lowest possible cost.

People: We have an audacious mission. We aim to fix the identity layer of the internet. Billions of people will live better lives with more trust and convenience thanks to ID.me. We are like Special Forces. We take on the most difficult challenges with amazing teammates.

ID.me Core Values: *Don't be a jerk. *Always compete. *Ask questions like a 5-year old. *Inspire people with your passion. *Make something better every day. *Treat each customer like your favorite family member. *Own your mistakes so you can learn from them. *Details are everything. *Communicate like a scientist. *Be truthful (even when it's hard). *Reflect ID.me's values in your actions. *Act like an owner.

ID.me Career Site & Culture Deck: https://www.id.me/careers",3.3,"Id.me
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
83,Data Scientist,"$116k-$181k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zynga is a leading developer of the world’s most popular social games that are played by people around the world every single day. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played our games across Web and mobile, including Words With Friends, FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Merge Dragons, Empires & Puzzles, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR.

Zynga’s Marketing Data Science and Analytics team uses our outstanding and expansive data to deliver fundamental insights on who our audience is, how they engage with our games, and what are the best ways to acquire them. We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them.

Here’s where you would come in: identify and formalize problems related to campaign optimization. Design and develop systems and services to optimize campaigns at scale. Be innovative, be creative, use every bit of that key commodity – data. Millions of people play Zynga games every day, so our data is tremendously rich, and we have a lot of it!

We will rely on you to communicate your findings to your peers – both technical and non-technical. Your solutions to difficult problems will need to be demonstrably impactful, visual and maintainable. You will collaborate with engineering teams to build proof-of-concept and MVPs of campaign bidders and optimizers. You will collaborate with User Acquisition Managers, Product Managers, and Engineers to deliver business impact.

Responsibilities:
Design and implement scalable systems and models to experiment with campaigns and creatives across channels and acquire users at scale
Work with large amounts of data to find and realize opportunities to acquire and re-target users profitably delivering unambiguous business metric impact
Craft effective campaign strategies to acquire users across a multitude of user acquisition channels
Drive and empower user acquisition team to make quantitatively informed, evidence based decisions - through custom visualizations, and ETLs to augment user data
Design, test, verify and implement machine learning models with Zynga’s games that impact millions of users. Models may include but not limited to LTV modelling, campaign bid recommendations, budget allocation, clustering/segmentation, forecasting, fraud detection, and / or reinforcement learning
Build prototypes and MVPs of services and applications that improve effectiveness of campaigns, creatives, ad networks and/or user segments.
Required Skills and Experience:
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other quantitative field required; Masters, MBA or PhD preferred
5+ years of relevant work experience in data science or analytics role in a Marketing Analytics or a User Acquisition Analytics Team
Familiar with mobile performance marketing and/or user acquisition landscape
Strong experience in SQL;
Proficient in Python; Proven fundamental programming skills (algorithms, data structures, OOP, OS, Networking, AWS Cloud); Ability to design distributed systems
Ability to build and maintain software services and systems at scale; experience in deploying services in at least one cloud provider (AWS, Google Cloud or Azure)
Proven experience with some of the following: machine learning, predictive modeling, deep learning
Experience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scale
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong passion for gaming and performance marketing!
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.",4.1,"Zynga
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
84,"Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development","$86k-$107k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development
Location: Bedford, MA
Homology Medicines is seeking an outstanding Senior Scientist to assist in the advancement of viral gene therapy production processes for novel adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The individual in this role will be a highly-skilled, talented and motivated researcher who will lead the work to develop and characterize next generation plasmids for large scale manufacturing of AAV vectors. We seek candidates with proven ability to work independently and collaboratively who are driven to pursue cutting edge science and develop next generation therapies to transform the lives of patients.
Essential Functions and Duties
Design, development, and characterization of novel plasmids for AAV production using molecular and cell-based assays
Analyze vector specific characteristics including packaging efficiency and product quality, as impacted by packaging and inverted terminal repeat (ITR) plasmid and integrity
Advance technical understanding and development of critical parameters in mammalian cell culture production systems for AAV vectors
Collaborate closely with analytical characterization team to evaluate critical vector attributes and process performance parameters for AAV vector production
Lead a team of research associate and scientist completing assigned tasks and serve as scientific mentor to overseeing laboratory experimentation and data analysis
Author technical reports and technology transfer documents as needed
Skills and Experience
PhD or MS in molecular biology, virology, or related fields with 4+ (PhD) or 6+ (MS) years industry experience in viral vector production
Expertise in molecular cloning techniques preferably with AAV/ITR experience
Thorough understanding of virus characterization methods including nucleic acid and protein-based approaches
Familiarity with using lab-scale production platforms including adherent cell systems, shake flasks, and bioreactors for live virus or viral vector production
Adept at conducting routine testing and limited troubleshooting of multiple methods
Independently motivated, detail oriented, and good problem-solving ability
Excellent interpersonal written and oral communication skills
Interested candidates should forward a cover letter and Resume / CV to careers@homologymedicines.com or on line: www.homologymedicines.com
Homology Medicines, Inc. (HMI) has built foundational intellectual property on gene editing and gene therapy vectors derived from naturally occurring human adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The Company's technology is precise, on-target and highly efficient for in vivo editing of genetic mutations. This transformative platform technology, combined with an elite leadership team of biopharmaceutical industry veterans, create a significant opportunity for HMI to rapidly advance a diverse pipeline of new medicines that address and potentially cure the underlying cause of genetic diseases.",4.4,"Homology Medicines
4.4","New Bedford, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
85,Data Scientist,"$114k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

As a Data Scientist you'll use your skills model and analyze a variety of data in support of analytical questions. Successful candidates in this role will be able to use theirs statistical and mathematical backgrounds to solve complex problems for not only analytical questions but also problems of large scale data. With huge volumes of data at your disposal, you'll be asked to find the most important items in a sea of information. A strong candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning and strong problem-solving, analytic and interpersonal skills who communicate and collaborate effectively.

Basic Qualifications:
Data Normalization
Data Visualization
Statistical Analysis
Graph Theory
Bachelor's degree required
Level 1:
Minimum one years' experience or a Bachelor's Degree or participating in a program that will lead to a Bachelor's Degree in an appropriate Computer Science or related field.
Level 2:
Minimum five years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Level 3:
Minimum 10 years' experience with in-depth demonstrated experience in Computer Science or related field.
Desired Skills:
Experience with writing, compiling, and debugging a variety of programming languages
Containerization
Jupyter
Spark
Cloud Analytics
Special consideration given for the following skills:
Machine Learning
High Powered Computing
Any of a number of active Cyber Certifications including but not limited to: GPEN, GXPN, GCFE, GCFA, and OSCP.
C++
Experience with intelligence analysis skills (e.g., traffic analysis) mixed with detailed knowledge of network architectures, protocols, and communications.
SIGINT experience
Security Clearance Requirements:
Active TS/SCI with favorable polygraph

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
86,Microstrategy Business Intelligence Analyst,"$73k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Headquartered in Modesto, CA, G3 Enterprises has been supplying the wine and spirits industry for over 50 years. As a single source packaging solution, its products and services include labels, stock and custom closures, warehousing, transportation, bottle etching, and mobile bottling.

The Business Intelligence Analyst creates reporting and analytical solutions that enable translating data into knowledge and maintains Microstrategy infrastructure across G3 organization. Analyzes business intelligence data to inform business decisions. Partners with other areas of the business to model the outcome of implementing potential business strategies.

Essential Functions
This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.
• Utilizes data architecture to enable business decisions and recommend technical solutions to management based on scalability and complexity.
• Provides guidance and analytical support to include analysis and research in areas across G3 corporation.
• Satisfies ad-hoc requests for information from G3 teams that aid in uncovering new understandings that drive decisions which move the organization forward.
• Acts as technical expert, addressing infrastructure needs, systems/applications integration, compatibility, and multiple platforms.
• Analyzes data to create and maintain reports, dashboards, visualizations, and other tools (such as cubes and views) in multiple development and production environments.
• Responsible for executing the implementation of the BI strategy related to G3’s SAP ERP and OTM systems.
• Sources data from various systems via Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and external data sources.
• Designs user driven analytics structure using existing data architecture.
• Influences data warehousing teams to recommend data layer structures and integrate systems.
• Translates business requirements to functional and technical design solutions, specifications, and prototypes.
• Collaborates with development teams to design business intelligence solutions to facilitate data gathering, storage, and retrieval.
• Consults with users or decision makers to identify data sources, required data elements, or data validation standards.
• Develops test plans and facilitates testing prior to promotions.
• Creates and maintains technical documentation
• Performs cross-functional analysis and collaborates with stakeholders across departments. Partners and presents findings to senior leadership.
• Responsible for understanding and complying with applicable quality, environmental and safety regulatory considerations. If accountable for the work of others, responsible for ensuring their understanding and compliance.

Qualifications
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Qualifications
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, Data Analytics, Data Science, or Engineering plus 3 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management; OR High School diploma or State-issued equivalency certificate plus 7 years of experience in business intelligence, technical architecture, application development, middleware, or database management.
• Ability to build and understand basic SQL queries.

Preferred Qualifications
• Master’s degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Business Administration, MIS, Mathematics, or Engineering.
• MicroStrategy Intelligence Server Development experience.
• Experience designing and executing Application objects and Schema objects using MicroStrategy Desktop.
• Experience analysis, design, development, testing, and debugging of complex reports, ETL scripts and dashboards.
• Experience troubleshooting high level issues to identify and resolve problems caused by the database, source data, ETL, or the Business Intelligence software (common examples: nulls in data causing joins to function incorrectly; ETLs running out of sequence; MicroStrategy Objects not set up properly).
• Experience with cloud computing and “big data” processing and analytics.
• Understanding of web servers and applications.
• Knowledge of components of an enterprise systems architecture
• Knowledge of business process re-engineering processes including Lean Six Sigma principles.
• Lean Six Sigma Green or Black Belt Certified.
• Strong understanding of network architecture and application development methodologies
• Experience reading, analyzing, and interpreting common scientific and technical journals and financial reports.
• Knowledge of emerging technologies and development platforms.
• Experience applying machine learning or artificial intelligence to BI applications.
• Possesses a passion for technology and its impact on the enterprise, customers and consumers along with a breadth of experience that can balance business, application and operational requirements.
• Strong understanding of systems and “systems thinking” with the ability to make trade-off decisions to accomplish system-wide goals.
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
• Excellent planning and organizational skills.
• Skilled in balancing long-term and short-term goals and perspectives of challenging situations.
• Skilled in applying multiple technical solutions to business problems.
• Remains unbiased toward any specific technology or vendor choice.
• Excellent analytical and technical skills.
• Skilled in navigating complex political situations to ensure successful change management.
• Exceptional interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation and negotiation.
• Demonstrates strong technical thinking and developed high credibility with the technical community. Recognized by the IT community as someone who solves complex technology related business problems.
• Experience with performance tuning of business intelligence applications.
• Strong knowledge of SQL queries including writing, reading, and debugging.
• Experience working with Enterprise Data Warehousing, specifically SAP Data Warehousing (HANA).

Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk.

Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

EEO/AA M/F/Vet/Disability",3.8,"G3 Enterprises
3.8","Modesto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
87,Data Scientist,-1,"About us

Boxy Charm was founded in 2013 and continues to be a leader in the beauty subscription box industry experiencing immense growth of more than 100% year over year. We work with some of the hottest brands including Butter London, Dr. Brandt, Elemis, GlamGlow, Smashbox, Tarte, Too Faced and many more.

Today, Boxy Charm has a community of more than 2.4 million followers across its social media platforms, 10 million monthly visitors online and is the #1 searched beauty box brand on YouTube. In 2018, Inc magazine named it as one of the fastest growing companies in the nation. Boxy Charm is headquartered in South Florida and has an office in Toronto, Canada.

About you

Boxy Charm is seeking a Data Scientist who will use a range of data science and machine learning methodologies to build solutions for a variety of business initiatives. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be able to solve complex problems and apply those solutions within a cutting-edge cloud-based technology platform.

The role will be filled with a solution-oriented candidate that thrives on working in a highly dynamic and engaging environment.

What you will be doing
Work closely with different business units and translate high level business problems into actionable deliverables for the Data & Algorithms team
Work with a wide variety of data ranging between social media and email to customer transactions and logistics
Develop a variety of machine learning models including customer recommendations, customer propensity, forecasting, and marketing performance.
Collaborate closely with the Software Development and DevOps teams to ensure continued delivery of high-quality data through our data processing pipeline
Partner with various business stakeholders and implement solutions that improve their business process
Conduct big data analysis using SQL, Python, Snowflake, Spark and other technologies
Break down complex projects and problems into actionable tasks that be delivered quickly and iteratively and provide value to the business stakeholders
Key Understandings
Customer lifetime value, regression analysis, cohorts, retention, customer lifecycle, customer segmentation, machine learning, large-scale data analysis, classification and propensity modeling
What you will bring to the table
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Math, Statistics or a related field
3+ years of experience programming in languages such as Python, Java, Scala, Ruby, R
3+ years of experience working with SQL and relational databases
3+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, and data mining techniques
Experience with one or more machine learning algorithms such as neural networks, regression, clustering etc.
Working experience with machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow, Keras, ScikitLearn, H20.ai, MXNet, Caffe, Gluon etc. is highly desirable
Experience working in an Agile (SCRUM, XP etc.) development environment
Experience with AWS or other cloud environments is desirable
Knowledge of Big Data and NoSQL systems such as Snowflake, Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, etc. is a plus",3.1,"Boxy Charm
3.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Beauty & Personal Accessories Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
88,CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst,"Employer Provided Salary:
$50k-$70k","We are hiring an experienced CAD Operator/Remote Sensing Data Analyst to help us keep growing.
If you’re dedicated and ambitious, Eye-bot is an excellent place to grow your career. Don’t hesitate to apply.
Required Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of experience preparing existing conditions’ surveys
Proficient with the following software’s:
Microstation / OpenRoads
ContextCapture
AutoCAD / Civil3D
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Teams, etc.)
Google Earth Pro
Photogrammetric and/or LiDAR point clouds, Topography, Point classification, and DTM/DSM processing
Triangular Irregular Networks (T.I.N.) / Contours
Preferred Qualifications
Boundary and ALTA/NSPS Land Title surveys
Photogrammetric Mapping Experience
Working knowledge of conventional surveying equipment and GPS
Experience using terrestrial/mobile LiDAR, and Unmanned Aerial Systems
Adobe Creative Suite
Bluebeam pdf editor
Understanding trigonometric mathematics and data collection used in surveying
Understanding and applications using and applying different coordinate systems and projections.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Coordinate with project managers to ensure that multiple projects with simultaneous deadlines are completed on schedule (manage workloads and tasks for self and others)
Communicate with project teams via email and phone regularly throughout the design process
Field-to-Finish data import field data to create CAD files for various uses in engineering, design, and construction in both 2D and 3D CAD environments.
CAD drafting skills; knowledge regarding land surveying; courthouse research
Point cloud processing, Point classification, DTM/DSM surface creation
Develop quality products, using industry and client standards under the direct supervision of a Professional Land Surveyor
Position Details
Competitive compensation
Casual attire throughout the week
Friendly, open, and team-oriented work atmosphere
Excellent benefits for full-time employees including medical, vision, and dental
Eye-bot is an equal opportunity employer",5.0,"Eye-bot Aerial Solutions
5.0","New Kensington, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
89,Data Engineer,"$42k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Conduent:

Conduent delivers mission-critical services and solutions on behalf of businesses and governments – creating exceptional outcomes for its clients and the millions of people who count on them. Through people, process and technology, Conduent solutions and services automate workflows, improve efficiencies, reduce costs and enable revenue growth. It’s why most Fortune 100 companies and over 500 government entities depend on Conduent every day to manage their essential interactions and move their operations forward.

Conduent’s differentiated services and solutions improve experiences for millions of people every day, including two-thirds of all insured patients in the U.S., 11 million employees who use its HR Services, and nearly nine million people who travel through toll systems daily. Conduent’s solutions deliver exceptional outcomes for its clients including $17 billion in savings from medical bill review for workers compensation claims, up to 40% efficiency increase in HR operations, and up to 40% improvement in processing costs, while driving higher end-user satisfaction. Learn more at www.conduent.com.

Job Description:

We are looking for a Data Engineer who will be part of our Analytics Practice and will be expected to actively work in a multi-disciplinary fast paced environment. This role requires a broad range of skills and the ability to step into different roles depending on the size and scope of the project; its primary responsibility is the development and mainteneance of data pipelines including acquisition, transformation, loading and processing of data.

Responsibilities:

Engineer and maintain a modern Cloud data pipeline to collect, organize, and process data from disparate sources.
Performs data management tasks, such as conduct data profiling, assess data quality, and write SQL queries to extract and integrate data
Develop / maintain efficient data collection systems and sound strategies for getting quality data from different sources
Consume and analyze data from the data pool to support inference, prediction and recommendation of actionable insights to support business growth.
Design, develop and maintain ETL processes using tools and scripting. Troubleshoot and debug ETL processes. Performance tuning and opitimization of the ETL processes.
Provide support to new or existing applications while recommending best practices and leading projects to implement new functionality.
Collaborate in design reviews and code reviews to ensure standards are met. Recommend new standards for visualizations.
Learn and develop new ETL techniques as required to keep up with the contemporary technologies.
Reviews the solution requirements and architecture to ensure selection of appropriate technology, efficient use of resources and integration of multiple systems and technology.
Support presentations to Customers and Partners
Advising on new technology trends and possible adoption to maintain competitive advantage

Experience Needed:

5+ years of related experience is required.
A BS or Masters degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline is required
ETL experience with data integration to support data marts, extracts and reporting
Experience connecting to varied data sources
Excellent SQL coding experience with performance optimization for data queries.
Understands different data models like normalized, de-normalied, stars, and snowflake models. Worked with transactional, temporal, time series, and structured and unstructured data.
Worked in big data environments, cloud data stores, different RDBMS and OLAP solutions.
Experience in cloud-based ETL development processes.
Experience in deployment and maintenance of ETL Jobs.
Is familiar with the principles and practices involved in development and maintenance of software solutions and architectures and in service delivery.
Has strong technical background and remains evergreen with technology and industry developments.

Additional Requirements

Demonstrated ability to have successfully completed multiple, complex technical projects
Prior experience with application delivery using an Onshore/Offshore model
Experience with business processes across multiple Master data domains in a services based company
Demonstrates a rational and organized approach to the tasks undertaken and an awareness of the need to achieve quality.
Demonstrates high standards of professional behavior in dealings with clients, colleagues and staff.
Is able to make sound and far reaching decisions alone on major issues and to take full responsibility for them on a technical basis.
Strong written communication skills. Is effective and persuasive in both written and oral communication.
Experience with gathering end user requirements and writing technical documentation
Time management and multitasking skills to effectively meet deadlines under time-to-market pressure
Requires some travel (on average 10%-20%)
Closing:

Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law.

People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the ""Submit"" button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form. You may also click here to access Conduent’s ADAAA Accommodation Policy.",2.8,"Conduent
2.8","Morrisville, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,2017,Company - Public,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
90,Senior Business Intelligence Analyst,"$54k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you looking for a fresh challenge and an opportunity to further advance your career and grow with a fast growing company? If you have a passion for data and an adaptive out-of-the-box thinker with sharp analytical and problem-solving skills, exceptional organization, and able to multitask in a fast-paced environment, we have the perfect job for you!

We are looking for an enthusiastic Senior Business Intelligence Analyst who will be part of the USCCAs Marketing team to bring data to life by providing insights and actions through measurement of current marketing initiatives as well as those in the future.

The Analyst is responsible for accurate operational data reporting for specified marketing teams. This includes traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data for high level and detailed scorecards in addition to ad hoc reports based on specific marketing requests.

They will also perform exploratory analysis to provide recommendations to marketing based on proven data.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Supports Marketing area that includes Strategy, Retail and Product Marketing along with Media (earned, owned and paid) to collect, consume and act on analytics
Marketing traffic drivers, lead generation and revenue data gathering
Filling out scorecards and tracking documents by designated times
Creating ad hoc or one-off reports to satisfy marketing questions
Discovering leading indicators and insights to improve marketing efficiency or performance.
Use data and statistics to support Marketing and formulate strategy
Visualize data for consumption and specific business action
Work with Marketing and BI team, to decide on the success metrics to measure
Organize cross-functional processes
Facilitate Innovation & Growth
Perpetuate a mentality of growth, innovation and ideation by way of staying informed of latest industry trends and methods
Be recognized as the thought leaders of self-defense education, training and trusted legal protection
Process Development & Execution
Participate in establishing and tracking KPIs to ensure all marketing initiatives are performing and growing as planned or better
Build long-term relationships with cross-functional teams, business partners across the organization and outside agencies
Willingness to enthusiastically accept many varied projects and new responsibilities as assigned
Qualifications/ Strengths:
Bachelors degree in Computer Sciences, Statistics, or related field
Work experience in Analytics, Scientific Research or related field
Experience with Marketing and Web Analytics a plus
Meticulous data gathering and reporting abilities
Have a cross-functional understanding of data (Marketing, Web Analytics, IT, & Finance)
Experience with data visualization or reporting tools
High level and granular understanding of marketing objectives
Ability to communicate with Marketing management and leadership
Strong analytical mindset and problem solving abilities
Ability to structure information
Affinity with Stratistics
Basic knowledge about IT ecosystem and programming
Strong organization skills
Ability to think creatively with a process-based mindset
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively to meet deadlines
Demonstrates the Core Values of Delta Defense, LLC
PM19

Powered by JazzHR",4.9,"Delta Defense LLC
4.9","West Bend, WI",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Publishing,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
91,Data Scientist,-1,"Back to search results
Previous job

Next job

JOB DESCRIPTION

A BIT ABOUT OUR DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS TEAM

Mars Petcare Data Science & Analytics team is core to our strategy. We’re using digital, data and customer insights to transform our business by finding answers to problems that we’ve often never asked ourselves before. Our vast data assets are being combined to build a 360° view of pets and pet owners to not only power Kinship’s businesses but also influence the next great ideas in the pet care space. This role will be key in helping us understand the power of our data, and how this translates into value for our company, our pets, and pet owners everywhere. Frequently the projects will be ambiguous, but that’s part of the fun; you will determine the best way to leverage our data to tell the right story for any given audience.

HOW YOU’LL CREATE A BETTER WORLD FOR PETS
Apply advanced analytics & data science approaches to understand and predict pet and pet owner behaviors
Collaborate with internal and external teams to ensure we focus on pet-centric product and service recommendations
Support new pet technology businesses and partners by generating actionable insights from our data assets
Develop compelling stories that provide insight into the drivers of business performance and pet/pet owner behavior
WHO WE NEED TO CHART THE FUTURE OF PET CARE

We strive to hire people who are passionate about our mission: Shaping the Future of Pet Care. For all of our Kinship roles, we look for candidates who exemplify our core values. We believe what we do is just as important as how we do it, and we aim to hire people who are:
Optimistic
Purposefully Inquisitive
Open to All
And for this role, we hope you have the following skills we require to knock it out of the dog park:
Truly inspired by, and want to live, our purpose of creating a better world for pets.
4+ years’ experience in a data science role handling varied and complex data
Varied technical experience in delivering statistical analytics, data science and insight on large-scale consumer data sets across multiple sectors, including packaged goods and retail
Hands-on experience with Python is required; Familiarity with PySpark is also desirable
Comfortable with ambiguity, with a passion for collaboration to achieve objectives
A Bachelor’s degree in quantitative field (economics, statistics, business, computer science) or equivalent experience
Passion for growing and strengthening a business using data driven approaches
Familiarity with cloud-based computing services e.g. AWS, Databricks, etc.
Enjoys explaining how technical concepts to both non-technical and technical stakeholders.
WHY JOIN US?

We offer our associates a unique opportunity to have a completely customizable career within pet care. Through Kinship you will work with and learn from a community of industry executives, pet partners, entrepreneurs, and fellow associates across our startup investment companies, outside partners, and in Mars Petcare. Our nimble and flexible approach to work allows you to make an immediate impact across businesses, while learning new skills at every stage. The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care. Join us in our mission to chart the future of pet care, alongside the industry’s brightest minds.

Kinship’s offices are global, and so are our associates. We are located in NYC, San Francisco, Portland, London, Helsinki, Shanghai, and in Moscow. Many of us flex between our dog-friendly hubs and our home offices. Today, Kinship offers exceptional benefits for you, your family, and your pets, generous paid time off, exponential opportunities to build a career within pet care, and progressive reward packages. Interested? Let’s take big strides, together.",4.0,"Mars
4.0",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1911,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
92,Epidemiologist- Data Analyst,-1,"Description

Instructs all levels of Enterprise-Wide information system managers and users, including but not limited to CHAS application users, on various epidemiology and database applications.

Coordinates database; create user profiles; query system to produce reports; perform data cleaning and quality control, and maintain data dictionary statistics.
Develop and implement empirically sound data analysis plans in keeping with evaluation and research questions.
Perform routine and complex statistical analysis, ensuring statistical integrity and efficiency using statistical software, such as Statistical Package Social Sciences (SPSS), R+, or Statistical Analysis Software (SAS).
Coordinate all data collection and entry activities, ensuring minimum data integrity standards and completion of tasks in a timely manner.
Identify data entry barriers, working with program staff to research and address issues.
Collaborate with staff to implement data entry plans, scheduling, and monitoring completion of tasks; recommend strategies for optimizing and integrating data across multiple platforms.
Analyze reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing appropriate communication with staff.
Generate routine and ad hoc reports, charts, and other department presentation materials.
Provide support to develop new data collection instruments and pilot testing.
Implement or support all research and program evaluation projects, including writing evaluation plans and research proposals, publications, and researching grant opportunities.
Update evaluation data; provide to staff requests for data; and conduct routine e-literature search.
Identify and interpret trends and patterns in complex data sets. Develop and conduct surveys and focus groups, and gather other forms of qualitative data, including participant recruitment, volunteer training, and scheduling.
Research and provide surveillance accounts of emerging research findings in the field as they relate to key areas.
Develop and design systems based or automated solutions to enable data collection, tracking, and reporting.
Engage operational and Line of Air Force (LAF) leadership and functional managers where necessary to identify and procure data sharing and user agreements.

Minimum Qualification and Experience:

Expert knowledge of statistical software to perform complex statistical analysis and to compute data, including regression and modeling, required.
Minimum of four (4) years of experience, preferably within the last five (5) years working in a similar public health role, conducting epidemiologic research and/or program evaluation and statistical analysis preferred.

Education: Master’s degree required in any one of these areas: Epidemiology, Biostatistics/Statistics, Public Health, or closely related fields.

The position is contingent on contract award.

CITIZENSHIP AND CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:

Must be eligible to work in the US.
Must be able to pass a National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI).

ASI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We E-Verify all employees.

Competitive market-based salary, commensurate with experience and education
Comprehensive benefits available (Medical, Dental, PTO, 401k etc).",2.5,"1st American
2.5","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
93,"Data Scientist II, Product Analytics","$145k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Opportunity


At Livongo, data is at the heart of our culture of innovation. We're looking for a Data Science analytics team member to collaborate with Product Management and Marketing as we work toward optimizing our UX and messaging.

As a Data Scientist, Product Analytics your main focus will be to measure member experience and guide product decisions, ultimately making Livongo's products more valuable, delightful and intuitive to our Members. We're looking for someone with at least 2 years of experience in Data Analytics. In addition to technical data science skills, core competencies such as collaboration, decision-making, communication and flexibility will be key to your success.

This role offers the challenge and excitement of converting data analysis into real-life benefits. Come help us break new ground, while measurably improving lives and saving millions in healthcare costs.

Responsibilities
Provide insights about our products and member experience to inform Product teams for roadmap and feature decisions
Conduct exploratory analysis and develop statistical models to answer key product usage and engagement questions
Help Product and Marketing teams use experimentation (A/B testing) and cohorting to test assumptions and launch new marketing campaigns, features and product releases
Partner with Product teams to define and benchmark metrics for new features launches and initiatives and help create a culture of measurement
Candidate Profile
2+ years of work experience in product/data analytics or a related discipline
Data science experience (SQL, Python, R) and familiarity with managing large data sets
A general knowledge of machine learning approaches is a plus.
The ability to collaborate and communicate with Product Managers and help them craft hypotheses, and define and measure KPIs
Confidence working with ambiguity, unknown variables, and missing context (and the ability to find ways to bridge those gaps when necessary)
A self-starter approach, with strong motivation and drive for excellence
BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related filed in lieu of degree, relevant work experience and/or trade school
Why Join Livongo?


The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

#LivongoIPO #appliedhealthsignals

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.",4.7,"Livongo
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
94,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
95,Clinical Data Scientist,-1,"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Your Superpowers
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
96,Translational Data Scientist/Data Engineering,"$86k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","20-Aug-2020

Job ID
300507BR
{""QuestionName"":""Job Description"",""AnswerValue"":""20. That’s how many years of data we have in our informatics systems! Enriched every day by more than 1000 Translational Medicine scientists. If you like data, there is no better place to be!

Who are we?

Our team of 30 Data Scientists are leveraging this data to accelerate drug development. NIBR Translational Medicine is in charge of creating data needed for submission of all Novartis drugs: Toxicology, DMPK, Phase I and II Clinical Trials, and most clinical Omics. We have one of the richest data pool in the Pharma world.
As a Translational Data Scientist, using your knowledge of research, you will analyze the Translational Medicine data landscape, and design ways to integrate data to speed up its analysis and the project delivery. Creating new capacities for Translational Medicine teams by easing access to data, relevant algorithms, and visualizations as part of the Novartis Digital Strategy, you will make drug development faster.

Your main responsibilities will be to:
• Organize access to data via APIs, applications and textual and graphical representations of the data in close collaboration with data scientists. Build application Proof of Concepts with selected scientists, organize scale up with relevant partners and release to NIBR community.
• Push community adoption of techniques and tools crafted by supporting power users and coordinating training sessions.
• Be a liaison between partners involved: scientific teams having data intensive needs, teams crafting enterprise solutions, internal and external partners producing similar solutions.
• Maintain expertise in methodologies for data handling, visualization and User Experience
• Mentor and encourage others to tackle problems
Posting Title
Translational Data Scientist/Data Engineering",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
97,Senior Data Scientist,"$89k-$149k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Data Scientist independently develops statistical models that will enable future growth and profitability for our book of business through appropriate pricing and underwriting of risk. He/she is responsible for the formulation of statistical models and direct application of models to address insurance business issues. You will start your Senior Data Scientist role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Produces complex predictive models which enable the creation of rating plans and evaluation of risk and profitability.
Develops studies that evaluate new business models for customer retention and growth initiatives as well as estimate the lifetime value of customer segments.
Identifies drivers of insurance costs, understanding the economics of customers’ behavior and estimating the expected losses for segments of risks using advanced statistical and analytical techniques on large data sets.
Develop or participate in the development of the overall analytical framework to support the company’s strategy for growth
Communicates analysis, strategy and recommendations to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical.
Collaborates with upper management to assess the potential effects of proposed solutions and incorporates these considerations into recommendations.
Manages projects of high complexity.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
Advanced skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees, Non Parametric estimations, etc.).
Ability to apply various predictive modeling techniques to develop solutions to various real-world problems.
Hands-on experience developing and delivering structured, methodology projects.
Exceptional programming ability in SAS, SQL, R or other programming languages.
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills.
In-depth understanding of database principles and experience working with large databases.
Ability to influence and guide across departmental boundaries.
Qualifications and Education
3 or more years of experience developing and implementing multivariate predictive models using GLM and other statistical methods. PhD in economics, statistics, or related field required.
Or in the alternative, a Master’s degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field (foreign educational equivalent accepted) and five (5) years of experience as indicated above.
High level of organizational and project management experience handling multiple projects simultaneously
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
98,Data Scientist / Data Automation Engineer,"$110k-$178k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JSR is a global leader in material sciences and chemical engineering committed to contributing to social good by supplying materials to serve future generations and providing new value today for our customers and society in the areas of digital solutions, life sciences, elastomers, and next generation solutions.

We value Innovation, Quality, Customers, and People! JSR combines a deep Japanese heritage of materials innovation, with speed propelled by our strong customer partnerships with premier tech & life sciences companies. Are you interested in taking JSR and your career to the next stage?
The Opportunity*
The role of the successful candidate is to accelerate the technology and product development cycles through focused automation initiatives. This engineer will lead cross functional teams to develop tools and applications to manage data from multiple chemical manufacturing sites as well as quality and development data to enable proactive process management and system troubleshooting.
Collaborates with the Manufacturing teams and Digital Transformation Office to develop product roadmaps in the digital space.
Works closely with technology development, product design teams and IT teams to rapidly establish the data science infrastructure necessary to meet the above goals
Communication of project updates including status, needs, and risks throughout the management chain.
Establish Way-of-Working guidelines and deliver communication and training sessions to ensure seamless implementation of the automation framework.
About You*
7+ years plus B.S. or 5+ years with M.S. desired
B.S. degree in Engineering, Data Science, Material Science, or equivalent. M.S. a plus
Experience in chemical processing, organic chemistry, and analytical chemistry a plus
Proficiency and experience with Solution Focused Thinking - evaluating current problem patterns and devising a workable plan/process/solution
Experience working in an Agile environment.
Excellent data analysis proficiency required. Ability to do data manipulation via basic scripting techniques, macros or programming languages (_i.e._, Python) is preferred.
Knowledge of chemical processes and basic chemical structures, reactions and interactions needed to tie data into current troubleshooting or experimental work.
Proficiency and experience with Statistical Process Control (SPC) needed.
Strong computer skills essential – JMP, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, database and statistical software experience highly desired.
Detail-oriented and strong organizational skills. Quick problem-solving skills, able to communicate in-depth to customers, internal and external.
Experience in working within a cross-functional team is necessary.
Here's More of What You'll Be Doing*
Work safely by observing safety rules, policies and procedures. Identify unsafe conditions or actions to the immediate supervisor.
Perform analyses and report results with minimal supervision.
Identify and execute improvements to existing quality procedures for data analytics, following guidelines on accuracy and validation
Act as Product Owner for development of digital solutions that assist in more efficient and effective issue resolution.
Do deep, wide and detailed data analysis using existing across a variety of platforms (databases, LIMS, other operational flows).
Work on and resolve various issues with data sets, including standardization of values, units and naming conventions, as well as bigger problems with current calculation methods and any underlying assumptions behind the calculations.
Initiate and perform a variety of analyses and recommend statistically designed experiments to address customer issues with general instructions.
Maintain and verify reliability of calculation methods, language or programming behind current macros or other scripts for data analysis.
Create reports and group presentations using Excel, Access, JMP and PowerPoint, to communicate data to other teams – Production, Quality Control, R&D, Sales and Management.
Independently design experiments using statistical methods (Does) towards developing and optimizing new test methods for products and raw materials and facilitate the implementation of these procedures by educating and assisting other members of the Data Automation Team.
Work in a team environment, especially the cross-departmental Data Automation Team (Cleans Engineering, Quality Control, Production, Litho Engineering, Sales, Logistics and Materials).
Make suggestions to management for improving this position or improving work processes
JSR is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

\\*\\*Recruitment agencies/Headhunter do not submit resumes/CVs through our Web site or directly to managers. JSR will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with JSR. JSR do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. \\*\\*

Location: 1280 North Mathilda Avenue

Job Type: Full-time",3.8,"JSR Micro
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
99,Senior Data Engineer,"$129k-$235k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description


Carbon Black is now part of VMware. As a standalone company, Carbon Black established itself as a leader in the endpoint security space. The product portfolio includes the rapidly growing Carbon Black Cloud platform that delivers next-generation endpoint protection capabilities from the cloud. Now with the full resources of VMware, you have the opportunity to make an impact and build upon Carbon Black’s success.

VMware Carbon Black engineering group is looking to hire a data engineer who loves working on complex problems and getting things done. The ideal candidate combines excellent engineering skills and passion to work with Big data . As a Senior data engineer, your day-to-day tasks will be the following.
Design, implement, and maintain end-to-end data pipelines with an understanding of ML lifecycles •
Drive development of data products in collaboration with data scientists and analysts.
Build and scale data platform infrastructure that powers analytics both batch and real-time.
Working with stakeholders and other team members to deliver and operate large scale, distributed services in the cloud
Responsible for overall system architecture, scalability, reliability, and performance of one or more data pipelines and data platform components.
Provide Architecture guidance and work closely to uplevel the engineering organization.
Actively participate and improve the data engineering craftsmanship and follow the best practices.
Review others' work and share knowledge.
Skill Set Needed ::
6-8 years of experience in relevant areas in building large scale, distributed systems which can handle 10s of petabytes of data spread across multiple regions
Experience in big data technologies. (Spark, Flink, MapReduce, HDFS, Hive, Presto, Avro, Parquet, Airflow, etc)
Experience in large scale messaging system (Kinesis, Kafka, etc)
Experience in the public cloud (For example S3, RDS, Athena, VPCs, etc)
Practical experience in building solid, distributed, internet-scale enterprise-class solutions/services in Java, Python, Golang
Experience with big data design, ETL, technology, efficient designs for distributed systems, and big data environments. Experience in both On-prem and in public cloud AWS.
Experience in Data warehousing
Ability to analyze and debug SQL, NoSQL knowledge is a plus
Experience in building data platform infrastructure, tooling, and automation is a plus.
Experience in the Security domain is a plus.


Category : Engineering and Technology
Subcategory: Software Engineering
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Remote: No
Posted Date: 2020-10-01

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.",3.6,"Carbon Black
3.6","Palo Alto, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2002,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
100,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Deep Learning & Algorithms),"$74k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB TITLE

Research Engineer-Deep Learning Theory and Algorithms
Requisition ID

DSA31988
OVERVIEW
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for research engineers at all levels. Candidate will work as part of a team on research and development of algorithms and theory of machine learning. Candidate will research fundamental theoretical aspects of deep learning as well as develop novel techniques to advance the theory and practice of deep learning. Candidate can also apply the developed theory and algorithms to advance the performance of multimedia applications, such as computer vision, augmented reality, natural language processing, or speech processing.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Understand state of the art machine/deep learning concepts, theory, and applications.
Research algorithms and theory of learning.
Develop machine/deep learning algorithms for mobile processors.
Develop simulators and analyze the performance.
Produce key intellectual property for machine/deep learning.

REQUIRED SKILLS
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in machine/deep learning, optimization, probability theory, statistical inference, information theory, signal processing, and/or image processing
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
C/C++, Python, and/or MATLAB coding skills
Publications in highly ranked journals and conferences
PhD is required

PREFERRED SKILLS
Experience on popular deep learning frameworks

*********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
101,Data Engineer,-1,"Why you'll love working here:

Zylotech is a fast-growing company that rewards autonomy and creativity. Our team works hard, is fast and collaborative, and we encourage personal growth. There are many opportunities to work with other departments where you can interact with some incredibly talented people.

What you’ll do:
Coordinate with Product management and technical stakeholders to continue building our SaaS product data + decision pipe
Perform architecture design, data modeling, and implementation of Big Data platform or Data pipe
Architect and develop big data solutions on either AWS or GCP cloud platforms
Set up and manage big data infrastructure to ingest and process data from multiple sources for Enterprise customer deployment
Create scalable & robust data pipelines to transfer data from source to destination data stores
Player and coach across a team of big data engineers, ML engineers, data scientist towards agile shipping of features and milestone
What we seek:
Prior experience in building, developing, architect scalable big data applications from grounds up preferably in product startups.
2+ years of experience in Data Engineering
Experience working with Big Data stack, Big Map Reduce, Hive, Kafka, Impala, Hadoop, Big Query, Spark SQL, Spark Streaming, HBase etc
Experience in Databases (NoSQL and SQL)
Experience in creating Data-warehouses and scheduling automated ETL jobs
Experience in Docker and Kubernetes
Good Communication Skill, both verbal & written. Confident in communicating with business & technical stakeholders alike.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field of study.
Important Personal Attributes:
You are curious about technology & science.
Team matters.
Challenging yourself is an intrinsic part of who you are.
Sharing and debating ideas to get to the right answer is important to you.
You seek to act and don’t wait to be told.
You like to teach those around you.
You are serious about your work but also believe that laughter and levity are important.
You work hard and you also have passions outside of work that enrich your life.
Winning is important to you, but so is how you win.
You take pride & ownership in building a Product and company who is disrupting an industry.
About Zylotech:

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.",3.4,"Zylotech
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
102,Data Engineer,"$60k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lucid Perspectives, and E/3 Sentinel Company, provides proven problem solvers to our customers and their diverse needs. We help them achieve success by offering comprehensive management and technical solutions with a clear focus on their mission

The successful candidate will manipulate data and data flows for both existing and new systems performing ETL, analytical support and maintenance of critical data.

The data engineer will provide support in the areas of data extraction, transformation and load (ETL), data mapping, analytical support, operational support, database support, and maintenance support of data and associated systems.
As a member of the team, the data engineer will research, design, develop and/or modify enterprise-wide systems and/or application software.
The data engineer will research emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution. Troubleshoot complex problems and provide support for the ETL process. Prepare reports on analyses, findings and project progress

Ability to develop complex data flows, or make significant enhancement to existing pipelines
Experience building and maintaining data flows in NiFi or Pentaho
Experience with the following languages: Java/J2EE, C, C++, SQL, XML, XQuery, XPath, Ruby on Rails, HTML/XHTML, CSS, Python, Shell Scripting, JSON
Knowledge of servers operating systems; Windows, Linux, Distributed Computing, Blade Centers, and cloud infrastructure
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to comprehend database methodologies

Lucid Perspectives, an E/3 Sentinel Company, understands that our people are what make us great. We believe in a work/life balance while supporting the customers and mission we love. Our benefits are as follows: 7 weeks PTO (10 Federal Holidays along w/ 25 Vacation days), 10% 401K Contribution (100% vested on Day 1), 100% paid premiums Medical/Dental/Vision for the family, Life/Disability Insurance, Generous Tuition Reimbursement, Monthly Internet & Cell phone allowance, Technology Allowance, and Referral/Growth Incentive Bonus.
During the COVID19 pandemic we are actively taking measures to protect and support our employees. This includes support to our workforce that has returned to work on-site, those working remotely, and those employees supporting in a ready state or isolating at home.

Lucid Perspectives, E3/Sentinel Company, is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. Lucid Perspectives, an E3/Sentinel Company, hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Chantilly, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
103,Fungal Scientist,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description/Primary Duties and Responsibilities: *
Biotechnical Scientist to provide scientific, engineering, and analysis in Biotechnology. This area includes experimental and theoretical pursuits mainly focused in microbiology, biochemistry, molecular biology and biological materials. Support services shall include the following:
Cloning experiments including: nucleic acid handling, purification, and quantification. Further enzymatic assays such as Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), restriction digestion, and ligation reactions for synthetic biology projects
Growth experiments with anaerobic and aerobic microorganisms in a bioreactor or standard incubator requiring sterile technique, preparation of growth media, plates and freezer stocks and perform growth curves
Separation and analysis of metabolites from bacterial culture
Purification and characterization of microbial cell materials
Characterization of binding interactions in traditional and novel biological assays
Write reports and briefings and conduct presentations on results
Interact with OGAs, Contractors, and universities and support the development of technical packages.
_The position includes the following responsibilities: _*
Work as part of a team to help with the isolation, identification, and cultivation of fungi from environmental samples.
Evaluate a variety of filamentous fungi for potential use as platform organisms for genetic engineering/synthetic biology.
Develop genetic engineering protocols and tools for filamentous fungi.
Develop methods for high throughput culturing, assays, and genetic engineering of filamentous fungi.
Maintain detailed records of work in progress and completed.
Execute experiments, analyze data, and report on project results.
Develop and follow Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Set up and maintain associated equipment.
Stay current with relevant literature.
Seek relevant opportunities to remain current on technological developments in the field.
Skills & Education Requirement: *
PhD or Master’s in molecular biology, genetics, biochemistry, microbiology, biological engineering or related field.
Experience with culturing, analysis, and genetics of filamentous fungi.
Experience with heterologous protein production and purification.
Experience developing and optimizing enzyme assays.
Microbiology and molecular biology laboratory techniques: pipetting, aseptic techniques, making media and buffer solutions, designing primers, DNA and RNA extraction and purification, PCR, gel electrophoresis, protein expression and purification.
Facility with data analysis and visualization.
Additional desired skills: *
Experience with genome editing/engineering of filamentous fungi
Bioinformatics, synthetic biology software
Flow cytometry, cell sorting
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills to discuss issues and potential solutions with other groups and personnel to find answers to a new problem set.
Ability to work with a multidisciplinary team of research scientists.
MS Suite of office applications
Good attention to detail and documentation
Strong work ethic, positive attitude, self-starter, punctual and good attendance record with the desire to develop professionally
Must have or be able to obtain a secret clearance
US Citizenship required
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
related: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
License:
US Citizenship (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"General Technical Services, LLC and Fibertek, Inc.
3.1","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
104,Data Analyst,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking a Senior Data Analyst for Role in Washington, DC

My name is Stephen Hrutka and I am the owner of a Veteran Owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the VA, SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

One of my Veteran-owned clients is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC. The ideal candidate has VA experience and experience within the financial management office.

If this role is not a fit for you but you may know someone, I am glad to offer a referral bonus for any successful placements.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
HRUCKUS LLC

Executive Summary: HRUCKUS is seeking a Senior Data Analyst with 8 years of experience to support a Federal Client in Washington, DC.

Overall Job Description: This position will provide support services to a Federal Client in their initiative to provide fraud prevention services for the VBA in addressing its improper payment and fraud prevention/investigation needs.

Position Responsibilities:
Performs tasks which may include obtaining data through advanced computerized models
Extrapolating data patterns through advanced algorithms
Developing simple graphs and charts to explain how the mathematical information will influence the specific project or business
Presenting to managers how to best alter their business models to generate profitable future trends
Education Requirement: BA/BS degree",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Washington, DC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
105,Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers,"$82k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers

Position Summary:

To continue our solid growth, we are seeking a talented and highly motivated Data Scientist – Immunoassays and Biomarkers to join our growing organization. The role will provide data curation and analysis support for novel biomarker immunoassay and diagnostic test development and validation and will be responsible for developing and/or maintaining analysis tools and databases. The successful candidate will possess proficient analytical capability, solid background with use of statistics in a scientific context, and strong communication skills. We are looking for team oriented, hands on experts with a passion for personalized medicine and precision health.

Key Responsibilities:
Build, manage and query biomarker and clinical sample data repositories
Perform detailed and robust statistical analysis of clinical and laboratory research data
Statistical support for design and development of immunoassay and in vitro diagnostic assay products
Analyze large multisource and/or multivariate immunoassay data sets
Author statistical analysis plans, protocols, and reports for clinical and non-clinical evaluations
Review study reports for accuracy and robustness of statistical content
Adhere to data and documentation standards
Ensure accurate, in-depth results/data are delivered in a timely manner
Requirements:
PhD in Biology, Biostatistics, Bioinformatics, or directly relevant experience in the field of immunoassays or biomarkers
Familiarity with statistical requirements associated with immunoassay data analysis e.g. CLSI standards, Fit-For-Purpose Biomarker Validation, FDA data reporting requirements
Ability to understand scientific questions and formulate statistical and data analysis methods.
Ability to effectively visualize complex biological datasets.
Experience in developing and annotating biological data repositories
Strong proficiency with widely used software tools for visualization and statistical analysis of biological data – examples may include Excel, Prism, JMP, Minitab, SAS
Experience with design of experiments, multivariate data analysis and generating ROC curves strongly preferred
Familiarity with LIMS beneficial
Proficient verbal and written communication skills to clearly explain complex technical details.
Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals
Quanterix is a company that's digitizing biomarker analysis with the goal of advancing the science of precision health. The company's digital health solution, Simoa, has the potential to change the way in which healthcare is provided today by giving researchers the ability to closely examine the continuum from health to disease. Quanterix' technology is designed to enable much earlier disease detection, better prognoses and enhanced treatment methods to improve the quality of life and longevity of the population for generations to come. The technology is currently being used for research applications in several therapeutic areas, including oncology, neurology, cardiology, inflammation and infectious disease. The company was established in 2007 and is located in Billerica, Massachusetts. For additional Information, please visit https://www.quanterix.com.

Quanterix is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Quanterix is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Quanterix will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.",3.2,"Quanterix
3.2","Billerica, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
106,Sr Data Scientist,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work with one of our US-based clients, which is one of the oldest and most trusted sources of global and financial news. In addition to print news, our client owns one of the most popular websites in the world and diversified its business across a range of media including information services, book publishing, and digital real estate services.

The team will be architecting a highly-scalable platform to power data acquisition, categorization, calculations, and visualization.
You are the one if you have:
At least five years of experience working in data analysis and data mining
Experience using R and Python
Knowledge in business intelligence
Proven experience regarding data and server security and manipulating large amounts of survey data
Strong communications skills
AdTech experience is a plus
Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis is a big plus
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Scientist role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
107,"Senior Scientist, Machine Learning","$132k-$227k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Do you want to be part of a growing data organization that is helping to shape the game experiences of millions of players? Niantic, the developer of Pokémon GO and Harry Potter: Wizards Unite is looking for a Senior Scientist with the creativity, leadership, and experience to develop meaningful Machine Learning science and game interventions for all our popular titles. Work closely with other scientists, engineers, and product managers to design and deploy machine learning models that elevate gameplay in Niantic's AR driven games where the real world becomes our game board.

Responsibilities
Conceive, design, lead the development, and bring into production new, end-to-end Machine Learning models and associated interventions for personalizing and tuning current and future global games.
Apply a high degree of scientific rigor and real world pragmatism in all your work, particularly to quantify the impact of features on relevant engagement metrics.
Mentor other scientists to grow their skills, create a collaborative environment, and employ tools and methodologies to test, revise, and improve models.
Lead by example: promote deep scientific expertise, constant learning, attention to detail, and an intimate relationship with the data while always being friendly, humble, and open to challenging any assumptions.
Collaborate with data engineers, product managers, and marketing to coordinate timely deployments from conception to release.
Qualifications
Successful candidate will have a PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, or a related field, or equivalent experience. A minimum of 4 years of real-world experience developing and deploying machine learning models, preferably in a gaming context.
Strong command of statistics and the science underpinning machine learning techniques and able to defend choices with math as well as real-world tradeoffs.
Expert in ML models for classification, regression, and clustering; experience with production neural networks.
Demonstrated experience with large scale data processing (e.g. BigQuery, Spark, Hive, DataFlow/Beam).
Flexible with tools and programming languages (Python, Java, Scala, Go) and able to learn new technologies quickly.
Plus If...
Knowledge of real-time optimization models with delayed reward (multi-armed bandits, reinforcement learning).
Industry experience developing recommender systems for personalized game predictions or similar.
Experience applying ML models in mobile games, particularly at scale.
Experience working with business stakeholders - understanding and proving impact, resourcing, and schedules.
Join the Niantic team!


Niantic is the world's leading AR technology company, sparking creative and engaging journeys in the real world. Our products inspire outdoor exploration, exercise, and meaningful social interaction.

Originally formed at Google in 2011, we became an independent company in 2015 with a strong group of investors including Nintendo, The Pokémon Company, and Alsop Louie Partners. Our current titles include pioneering global-control game Ingress, record-breaking AR game Pokémon GO, and recently released third title, Harry Potter: Wizards Unite.

Niantic is an Equal Opportunity employer. We believe that cultivating a workplace where our people are supported and included is essential to creating great products our community will love. Our mission emphasizes seeking and hiring diverse voices, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in the technology industry, and we consider this to be one of the most important values we hold close.

We're a hard-working, fun, and exciting group who value intellectual curiosity and a passion for problem-solving! We have growing offices located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Bellevue, Los Angeles, London, Tokyo, Hamburg, and Zurich.",4.2,"Niantic
4.2","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
108,Software Engineer (Data),-1,"Second Measure is building products that leverage de-identified transaction data to help companies better understand consumer spend behavior and propensities, and help investors understand companies' performance and consumer spend shifts. We apply advanced data science techniques on large, complex data sets to ensure the highest quality of data and insights.

As a Data Engineer at Second Measure, you will be a technical contributor in the team responsible for building, managing data pipelines and enriching transaction data. You will work under the architectural guidance of Leads and Sr. engineers to build pipelines that run reliably, process billions of transactions, and provide daily updates, so that our high value clients can formulate their marketing and investment strategies.

In this role, you'll:
Design-code-test-deploy
Build on top of existing data architecture, extending pipelines in order to deliver new insights to customers
Use Scala, Python, SQL to improve/extend business logic
Pair with Sr. Engineers to develop features and work with Data Scientists, ex: translate SQL to Spark applications
Work with AWS technologies (SQS, SNS, EMR, EKS) to deploy and manage pipelines
Work in an agile environment
About you:
At least 3+ years work experience building components in complex systems using Java, Python, or Scala + Spark, Hive and Presto
Experience working with data pipelines
Understanding of microservices, RESTful systems, event driven architecture
Familiarity with container and orchestration frameworks (Docker, Kubernetes)
Solid understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals
Hunger to identify and automate manual processes in the pipeline
Our Tech Stack/Development Tools:

S3, Hive Metastore, Spark, Presto, AWS SNS, SQS, EKS, ECR, Batch Terraform, Helm, Prometheus, Grafana, Go, Python, Scala, Redshift, Waggledance, Argo, Github, CircleCI, Docker

Have questions about why/how we use these? Let's talk!

Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
*Note on remote ability:

We are all working from home at least through 2020 to keep our team safe and healthy. We hope to (at some point) to work from our San Mateo, CA HQ or NYC office in some capacity in 2021 and it would be great if you are based in the Bay Area or NYC. That said, we are open to remote on a permanent basis, granted you would need to be based in one of the following states: AL, CA, CO, IL, NJ, NY, or WA.",4.9,"Second Measure
4.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
109,Data Science Support Analyst,"$72k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Science Support Analyst to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Support Analyst will partner with the Data Scientists to: support production deployment of models and web applications related to technologies developed by the Data Science team; participates in new development of web applications and restful api’s; gain exposure to production machine learning model pipelines and the design and creation of new models using statistical techniques.

Responsibilities:
Continually check metrics and validate models, compute model performance metrics.
Access, analyze, cleanse, pre-process data.
Retrieve data from multiple stores CSV/Teradata/Oracle/API/.
Train new models per specifications from Data Scientist.
Deploy new models and determine when to replace existing.
Configure Linux server web sites and update code base as needed.
Monitor web application performance and fix issues accordingly.
Configure SQLite/SQL/Mongo databases and stored queries, updating as needed.
Participate in meetings and offer ideas and solutions to present problems.
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Python (numpy/pandas/matplotlib/sklearn/flask)
Version control (git)
SQL and database APIs (cx_oracle, pymysql, sqlalchemy)
Cloud deployment experience (AWS, containerization) and familiarity with AWS services
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment
Machine Learning algorithm development experience.
Ability to learn new technologies rapidly and turn around implementations.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with ability to effectively communicate to all levels with varying degrees of technical knowledge
Critical thinking Independent problem resolution
Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others
Bachelor's Degree (Data Science, Analytics, Business, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or related field)
2-4 years experience (candidates with a relevant Masters degree and less experience will also be considered).",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
110,Computer Scientist 1,-1,"Computer Scientist

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has a broad software and computer skillset but is interested in advanced signal processing applications.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Jr. Computer Scientist position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing within a heterogeneous software repository containing code in Python, MATLAB, C++ and Java. Candidate will also be responsible for maintaining this repository and its accessibility. Machine Learning, Cloud Technology, and a strong CS background is highly desired. Good communication skills with ability to interact with remote co-workers and customers are required. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for customer issues.

What required background will make you successful?
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or other equivalent field of discipline
Some experience in scientific programming
Experience programming in a high-level language such as C/C++ on Unix/Linux platforms
Experience programming in high level interpreted languages such as PYTHON and/or MATLAB
Familiarity with interfacing C/C++ libraries within interpreted languages.
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
111,Data Scientist for Detector Physics,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311174

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Signature Science and Technology Division

Group: Detection Physics
*Job Description**
The Detection Physics Group within the National Security Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a research scientist who will focus on studies of radiation detection physics using Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques. The Detection Physics Group includes research ranging from low background and high energy fundamental particle physics to radiation detection related to non-proliferation and national security applications. This position will focus on the expanding role of AI/ML within the group. It will provide the opportunity to perform analysis of data from existing experimental setups, and to propose, develop, and demonstrate relevant techniques on new data sets for advanced applications.

Major duties and responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the analysis of a variety of types of radiation detectors and experiments. Perform, analyze, and interpret detector characterizations for detectors of interest, including semiconductor detectors, scintillators, proportional counters, silicon photomultipliers, and others. Develop a detector-physics-focused AI/ML strategy with an eye toward fostering new funding streams and research directions. Engage in research activities with the broader AI/ML community at PNNL.
*The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:**
*Level 2:** Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships. Works under general supervision. Follows established procedures. Infrequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters.
*Level 3:** A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, careeroriented, journey-level position. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Frequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience, or Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience.

+ Programming capability with languages such as C/C++, Python, MatLab, and R.

+ Experience with ""standard"" and AI/ML data analysis techniques.

+ Experience with particle detection software and hardware.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with at least 5 years of well-aligned prior experience or a masters degree with 3 years of relevant experience or a PhD degree with at least 1 year of experience.

+ PhD in experimental nuclear or high energy particle physics, or related fields.

+ Experience with software tools such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and Keras.

+ Experience with data analysis and simulation packages such as ROOT, Geant4, and MCNP.

+ Implementation experience with high-performance parallel codes and/or accelerators (FPGAs/GPUs).

+ High level of motivation and ability to work with, form, and lead collaborative research teams.

+ Adaptability to thrive in a rapidly evolving, multitasked, research environment.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Detection Physics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-09_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-12-08_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
112,Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist,"$99k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Acuity is seeking a Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist to use statistical knowledge and research skills to solve business problems. The Research Statistician will develop, implement, and interpret statistical models with a strong emphasis on data mining and statistical/predictive modeling. Provides work direction.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Identifies and acquires additional data sources, both internal and external, that can be used to enhance analyses.
Lead the development of analytical models to drive superior business outcomes.
Develop in-depth understanding of drivers for optimization by utilizing statistics and data mining techniques.
Using latest PC tools, develop, enhance and monitor reports and models for other business areas.
Evaluate and use Data Mining Tools.
Support, train, encourage, consult other areas in the company and provide actionable information to management.
Continually monitor database information and future needs.
Explore and acquire data from outside sources.
Use database tools to support other departments
Regular and predictable attendance.
Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION:
Masters/PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or Computer Science
EXPERIENCE:
5 years P&C insurance, modelling and project leader experience. Programming skills including SAS and R.
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong interpersonal, quantitative, problem-solving, computer and conceptual skills.
Aptitude in predictive modeling, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining techniques and mathematical statistics.
Ability to apply strong programming and data management skills.
Knowledge of and experience with at least one major computer programming language or advanced syntax in a major statistical package.
This job is classified as exempt.",4.9,"Acuity Insurance
4.9","Sheboygan, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
113,Senior Data Engineer,"$95k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse engineering teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/

Position Summary:

As a member of the Software Engineering team, the Senior Data Engineer owns the definition, execution, and delivery of technical architecture for Brain Corporation's Product Analytics team. Your work will improve the quality, reliability, accuracy, and consistency of our data. You will help build project-specific data pipelines and validation tools. You will have a hands-on role with product specialists and be responsible for working with them to understand data requirements and then implement those requirements in software.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Fully own critical portions of Brain Corporation's product analytics data model.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand needs, model tables using data warehouse best practices, and develop data pipelines to ensure the timely delivery of high-quality data.
Work with technical and product stakeholders to understand data-oriented project requirements.
Write code that is understandable, simple, and easy to maintain.
Design, implement and ensure the accuracy of validation and related services for data models.
Think and work agile, including automated testing, continuous integration and deployment.
Manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritizing when necessary.
What you need:
Bachelor's in Computer Science or other related field.
5-8+ years software development experience.
Passionate about data quality and delivering effective data to impact the business.
Experience with sourcing and modeling data from application REST-like APIs.
MPP/Cloud data warehouse solutions (Snowflake, etc).
Proficiency in SQL, experience writing ETLs.
Proficiency in JavaScript/Node.js, Python, or willingness to translate experience in equivalent language.
Things that make a difference:
Master's in Computer Science or other related field.
Experience with Kafka, AMQP or other message bus.
OpenAPI/Swagger.
Express.js, NestJS.
SAML, OKTA.
Azure experience is a plus.
Being comfortable outside of your comfort zone - explore new tech, make your own tool, or find a new way to address an old problem.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; using hands to finger, grasp, and feel; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; lift, push, carry, or pull up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employee is exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones.",3.5,"Brain Corp
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
114,Data Analyst,-1,"At Big Health, our purpose is to help millions back to good mental health. Our “digital therapeutics” - Daylight™, for worry & anxiety, and Sleepio™, for poor sleep - are fully automated cognitive and behavioral programs that are as scalable and clinically validated as drugs. Our software combines the intimacy of the human voice, engaging animation, and clinically rigorous techniques to help people overcome their mental health challenges. Big Health’s products are backed by 50 published clinical papers including 13 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), and are cited in leading clinical guidelines including the American College of Physicians and NICE. Today, over 12 million people worldwide have reimbursed access to Big Health’s products, via leading employers in the US and the UK’s NHS.

As an Analyst at Big Health, you will develop a definitive knowledge of user data for our products and use that knowledge to answer big-picture questions about how people interact with our products and what outcomes they achieve. Your work will ensure our products reach the people who need them, inform decisions all the way up to the executive level, and keep us ahead of the curve by identifying the metrics that matter.
Responsibilities and Outcomes
Provide accurate reporting on user engagement and behavior to internal consumers company-wide.
Consolidate frequent requests into dashboards and other on-demand resources.
Help the Customer Success and Sales teams make their cases with compelling quantitative claims and sound supporting evidence.
Identify trends in client, end user, and marketing data that make the Customer Success team more effective at driving adoption of our products. Write scripts that automate regular reporting to clients and partners.
Develop engaging ways to depict and present multifaceted outcomes data to clients.
Manage financial datasets and the processes for keeping them up-to-date and accurate.
Core Competencies
You should be able to write complicated SQL queries, be a power user of R or Python for data analysis and manipulation, have some experience with scripting, and have strong skills in Excel/ Google sheets.
Comprehensive data manipulation abilities that allow you to confidently transform data while maintaining its integrity using all the tools listed above.
Exceptional attention to detail - the numbers you share will have a big impact, so you will need to be sure that they reflect what you intend.
Strong communication and presentation skills. Analyzing and compiling data is only the first step - you also need to be able to effectively communicate your findings to the rest of the team (including people who aren’t familiar with data analysis).
Experience with stakeholder management. You will need to juggle diverse requests from across the company, so the ability to set expectations and hit the hard deadlines you agree to is essential.
Life at Big Health
Be part of a team that includes clinical psychologists, software engineers, business leaders and even a former professional magician [shh… it’s a secret].
Surround yourself with the smartest, most enthusiastic and dedicated people you’ll ever meet, but who listen well, learn from their mistakes and when things go wrong, generously pull together to help each other out
Check out our values - they’re a living, breathing part of our culture
Enjoy benefits including a generous vacation policy, professional development fund, flexible working locations and more.
Competitive salary packages including stock options.
Because we are on a mission to bring millions back to good mental health, we believe it’s essential to reflect the diversity of those we intend to serve. We’re an equal opportunity employer dedicated to building a culturally and experientially diverse team that leads with empathy and respect. Additionally, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance",4.9,"Big Health (CA)
4.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
115,Data Analyst,"$34k-$64k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At TrialCard, our passion is success - success for clients, success for us. You’ll notice who comes first. We’re committed to providing solutions, through innovation and unparalleled customer support, to the pharmaceutical industry to improve access and affordability of their medicines to patients. We work tirelessly on the behalf of our clients, because when they succeed, so do we.
The Data Analyst will support internal stakeholders through the aggregation of data for reporting and analytical purposes. The candidate must have the ability to manipulate and normalize data in a way that helps support accurate reporting and foster operational standardization. The Data Analyst will also work cross-functionally to gather and translate requirements across business units creating synergies and developing efficiencies.
The candidate must be an excellent communicator (both orally and written) and be able to effectively foster interactive collaboration and discussions among clients and internal TrialCard teams. The Data Analyst must be able to present analyses and conclusions in a logical and clear manner and must be able to effectively work as part of a team.

Assists program managers with ad-hoc and standardized reports through data manipulation and raw data extracts.
Works directly with business users and decision-makers to gather and document requirements and define scope to ensure accurate development of reporting solutions.
Works primarily within SQL, Excel, and MicroStrategy platforms for data manipulation.
Performs continuous audits to ensure standard, consistent, and quality master data in catering systems is valid and correct.
Supports and maintains current Quality Assurance Program to ensure continued effectiveness within the department.
Identifies additional data, reporting and analytic opportunities to support our pharmaceutical clients and scope work necessary to fulfill them.
Maintains master data lists through additions and revisions when identified by the business users.
Performs and documents procedures for data preparation including data cleaning, standardization and analysis.
Develops and maintains operational dashboards for key decision-makers.
Standardizes and cleanses raw data using predefined rules as well as establishing new rules as needed.
Translates business requirements into reporting requirements/mock-ups for BI and MicroStrategy teams.

Bachelor’s degree in Math, Statistics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or similar discipline.
Must have 2+ years of related data-management, analytics, or business intelligence experience.
Solid technical writing skills; ability to clearly and completely articulate work to be done and describe tasks using proper terminology.
Experience interpreting data and presenting meaningful, client-ready business insights.
Demonstrated application of analytical skills.
Mid-level proficiency in SQL programming and common query optimization techniques for data extraction.
Advanced Excel and/or Access skills. (e.g., VLOOKUP, SUMIF, Macros)
Understanding of dimensional data modeling concepts, as well as data warehousing design highly desirable.
Experience designing and implementing enterprise business intelligence solutions using Microstrategy, Microsoft SSRS or similar highly desirable.
Knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry highly desirable.
Knowledge of direct marketing highly desirable.
Experience in the healthcare industry is highly desirable.",3.1,"TrialCard
3.1","Morrisville, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
116,Data Scientist,"$84k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

As an early to mid-career Data Scientist, you might be wondering what makes MITRE different than other government contractors and consulting firms. Many of our recent hires answered YES to at least one of the questions below:
Are you interested in contributing to technical projects that you can feel passionate about?
Are you tired of having your performance tied to billable hours?
Do you want to work in the public interest?
Do you want to feel like your ideas are valued and you are more than just an FTE?
Are you interested in working for a company where a 40-hour week is the norm and not the exception?
Do you want exceptional benefits, including tuition reimbursement for coursework towards an advance degree in a technical discipline?
The Model-Based Analytics Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist for MITRE’s Mclean, VA or Bedford, MA locations to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to interact directly with government leaders in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis.

Our employees are expected to work on multiple projects, cross-pollinate good ideas across the government and continuously learn. We are truly an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data- and model-driven decision making. We value people who can bring diverse perspectives.

Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the government. We also actively conduct independent research in areas of interest to our government partners. Once established with a proven track record of quality delivery and consistent performance, members of our department have latitude to select projects

To be successful you will:
Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.
Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.
Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.
Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.
Work on or lead projects throughout their life cycle, including conceptualization, requirements definition, data procurement, development, integration, and socialization.
Required Qualifications

Candidates will be required to have:
Ability to obtain a DoD Secret Clearance.
Significant academic background in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, or Statistics.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets and perform calculations with at least one modern programming language like Python (utilizing packages like scikit-learn, pandas, or dask), SAS, R (utilizing packages like caret, dplyr, or data.table), Matlab, C++, or Java or a business intelligence platform like Tableau, Looker, or QlikView.
Experience visualizing multi-dimensional data using tools like Tableau, ggplot2, Plotly, matplotlib, seaborn, or D3.js.
Ability to apply, modify and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
Familiarity with working in cloud-based environments like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, or Microsoft Azure.
Demonstrated experience working on or leading customer facing engagements emphasizing data analytics.
Preferred Qualifications

Preference will be given to candidates with desired experience including:
Advanced degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or other related technical field of study.
Experience leading or conducting research.
Experience designing data science tasking and/or leading a team of data scientists.
Experience applying various machine learning approaches (e.g., random forest, neural networks, support vector machines).
Prior experience working with databases (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j).
Experience using version control (e.g., Git, Mercurial, SVN) to support collaborative development.
Experience utilizing notebooks (e.g., Jupyter, R Markdown, Zepellin),
Prior experience developing interactive data visualizations using open source web technologies (e.g., Angular, Vue, React, D3.js) or other frameworks (e.g., Shiny, Plotly Dash).
Prior experience developing data-intensive full stack containerized web applications using Node.js, Flask, Django, or other technologies.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","Bedford, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
117,"Senior Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA or Remote US)",-1,"The Opportunity

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered price and promotions. Eversight's proprietary cloud-based SaaS solution brings AI and continuous experimentation to consumer brands and retailers. Our software acts as a coach, enabling market leaders to transform pricing and promotion strategy for the $3.4 trillion spent in consumer goods retail using intelligent, real-time data and insights.

Reporting directly to the Head of Data Science, you will be at the center of what determines Eversight's success as a company. You will analyze the data and develop production code using the newest Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to determine the optimal prices and promotions for major product manufacturers and retailers that sell these products.

Responsibilities
Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:
Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.
Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be important.
Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products
Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line
Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)
Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions
Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients
Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights
Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact
Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product
Behavioral Profile
Analytical, framework thinker
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Highly collaborative
Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences
Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in Data Science and/or Machine Learning with direct impact on business value
B.S., M.S., or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field
Strong understanding of Generalized Linear Models
Ability to write efficient code in Python
Experience with Hypothesis Testing and Maximum Likelihood Estimation
Preferred Qualifications
Team leadership experience strongly preferred
Startup experience strongly preferred
Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments
Agile experience
Experience with NumPy and Pandas (or equivalent experience in R)
Strong in math and statistics: Linear Algebra, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus
Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)
Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience


Location

Palo Alto, CA

About the Company

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered pricing and promotions. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing in response to market conditions and to deliver higher ROI on promotional spend. Eversight's Pricing Suite and Offer Innovation Suite solutions are driving strong margin and sales volume improvements for leading companies such as Coca-Cola, General Mills, Raley's, and Rite Aid. Founded in 2013, Eversight is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with offices in Chicago and New York.",4.2,"Eversight
4.2",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
118,Data Engineer,"$51k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Engineer to help develop our new Google Cloud data platform and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As part of our Data Engineering team in our Data Science department, the Data Engineer will:
Build out our new GCP data platform and collaborate on architectural patterns for it with the Data Engineering team
Support the development of machine learning models with productionizing, monitoring and alerting tools
Write, update, and maintain ETL jobs across our data pipelines (mostly in Airflow)
Implement continuous improvements using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be expected to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Consult to software engineers on data-related changes to BDT’s suite of software applications, including schema/model design, table structure, and data collection
Engage with colleagues and collaborators using curiosity, critical thinking, a drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact
Follow existing data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Engineer reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience (typically 3-5 years as a Data Engineer):
Communication and Relationship-building – with technical peers and some stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Implementation, of data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline development to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – on-system service management, typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – proficient understanding of relational data structures and schemas; some familiarity with semi-structured, unstructured (big data) schemas
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – creating these tools based on existing designs and frameworks; resolving bugs and issues
Cloud engineering – working towards certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – understands standards for file formats and transfer methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
o Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and methods
o Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.3,"Benefits Data Trust
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
119,Senior Data Scientist with Top Secret,"$109k-$180k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What You'll Get to Do as a Data Scientist: *
Leads data science efforts, working closely with clients and data to understand mission and data.
Develops algorithms leveraging modern data science technologies including reinforcement learning systems, machine learning and more.
Provides clients with technical expertise for a project or program. Able to manage technology projects or lead technology solutioning.
Provides highly technical and specialized guidance and solutions to complex IT problems; performs elaborate analyses and studies.
Evaluates, recommends, and executes new technologies and updates existing infrastructure to ensure optimal performance and efficiency.
Develops IT strategies to ensure the systems meet existing and future requirements based on needs and regulations.
Works in a variety of environments and has excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills. Works effectively and independently.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Must have an active TS or TS/SCI
At least 5 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with multiple database types such as SQL, Redis and MongoDB
Experience building and integrating the at the application and database level
Experience developing REST/SOAP APIs and messaging protocols and formats
At least 2 years of theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization
Experience implementing event/data streaming services such as Kafka
Experience prototyping front-end visualizations utilizing data visualization suites such as Kibana or Splunk
At least 2 years of experience developing Reinforcement learning systems utilizing at least one of the following methodologies. Finite Markov Decision Processes, Support Vector Machines, Q-Learning, Stochastic Finite State Machines, MCTS or other hybrid Deep Reinforcement Learning processes
Experience in theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization.
Experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Experience:
SAS: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
R: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20016 (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
120,Data Engineer,"$67k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

NJVC, LLC

Company Job Title: Data Engineer

Clearance: Top Secret with ability to obtain SCI

Location: Springfield, VA

Reports To: Program Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular

Summary:

The Data Engineer will work with product owners and data stewards to deliver high quality technical solutions in response to business requirements. You will be counted on to provide your peers with technical expertise that will offer solutions for difficult programming problems.

Duties and Responsibilities:

SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including UI and custom code features.
Write or create stored procedures, SQL scripts, SSIS packages that can be used to:
Move data from source databases to target databases
Clean / Condition data
Convert or transform data
Reconcile and confirm converted data
Find data errors
Validate data to business rules
Ability to examine existing ETL scripts and track data back to source
SQL Server administration, tuning, and workbench.
Work with business experts to understand data and complete data mappings.
Focus on the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) jobs currently using Microsoft SQL, Server, and SSIS.
The environment currently supports hundreds of related ETL jobs that move data between 30 different source systems and between multiple classifications.
Part of the challenge as a data engineer will be to find scalable and efficient coding solutions that plug into this extensible system in order to add more data to the Enterprise data store.
Other duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of relevant experience with the following software / tools:
Experience with Microsoft SQL
Prior experience supporting IC/DoD
The existing data warehouse is built on Microsoft SQL hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), so experience developing solutions that scale well in these environments is a plus.
Active Top-Secret Clearance with ability to obtain SCI

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Ability to work independently and yet be effective within a team setting
Must be capable of managing multiple efforts with time related constraints in a fast-paced contracting environment
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholder groups and individuals
Friendly presence, helpful attitude, good interpersonal skills, and ability to work well with others.
Excellent skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other Office applications
Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, and experience working in a home office setting as well as the ability to train end users on frequently asked technical issues.
Ability to provide technical assistance and support over the phone; good phone skills, professional demeanor, previous customer service experience strongly desired.

Good problem-solving skills; ability to visualize a problem/situation and think abstractly to solve it

Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.

Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)

The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.

Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-Springfield

Organization: NJVC

Strategic Business Unit: Military Intelligence and Operations Support

Security Requirements: Top Secret

Job Schedule: Full Time Exempt

Recruiter: Jonas Patterson

Req ID: 2000001203",3.0,"Chenega Corporation
3.0","Springfield, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
121,Data Scientist,"$111k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

As a Data Scientist, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating the internet of things (IoT). In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning / data mining algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve similar results at large-scale.

Your Responsibilities:
Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.
Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.
Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.
Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).
Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).
Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Preferred
Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:
Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.
C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
122,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
123,Senior Data Modeler,-1,"Job Description *
Strategamy is looking for an experienced Senior Data Modeler one of our FDA projects. Candidate must be able to work within a dynamic team environment and support large team across multiple initiatives. Candidate should have strong communication and skills with a good understanding of technical design and be able to work within an agile environment.
Primary Duties and Responsibilities: *
Serve as a senior data modeler and define or document conceptual data models across enterprise master data, transaction data, and informational data.
Work with the data team, including SMEs, database architects, and data stewards to develop conceptual models that serve as the basis for subsequent and ongoing data availability, performance, security, and quality objectives of a digital transformation program.
Ensure the proper alignment of the physical and logical data models with use cases and business defined objectives.
Work with business SMEs and data stewards to identify “To-Be” enterprise data models that will model the data as it should be.
Actively involved in eliciting and applying business data requirements from stakeholders, coordinating across multiple team members, understand the impact of data model changes across the business operational life cycle and understand technical solutions across different technologies
Identify core business data needs and decompose and document them in diagrams, as needed.
Basic Qualifications: *
BA or BS degree or higher
6+ years of experience with data analysis and data modeling
Experience with using a 3rd NF approach and data modeling tools, including Erwin
Experience in working with data management concepts and activities including industry best practices for data sourcing, key data elements, and data quality
Experience with developing and maintaining logical and physical data models and data dictionaries
Experience with developing standardized data vocabularies across large organizations and multiple business units and data issue identification, analysis, and remediation
Ability to work within standardized and non-standardized processes to accomplish assigned tasks
Ability to create and maintain data flows and documents using tools that include Visio, as necessary
Additional Qualifications: *
Ability to be cleared for security for FDA
Active Public Trust or Higher clearance
Experience with working in agile environments
Experience with design, development, and support for digital transformation and data modernization efforts
Experience with using Informatica product suites, including Enterprise Data Catalog (EDC) and AXON
Ability to work in a team environment and independently on assigned tasks
Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills, including facilitating information discovery sessions with business leaders to extract all appropriate terminology and context and focusing on accuracy, consistency, and standardized terminology
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Information Technology: 10 years (Required)
Data Analysis and Data Modeling: 6 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,"Strategamy, LLC","Silver Spring, MD",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
124,Claims Data Scientist,-1,"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary
As a Claims Data Scientist at ConcertAI, you will be responsible for data exploration, and analysis on patient data for various stakeholders in the oncology and healthcare domain, including claims and claims-clinical linked data assets. You will report to the Vice President of Data Products. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, visualization, stats/math, and ML skills (with a particular strength in at least 2 of those areas), and ideally, you have been applying those skills in healthcare. You should have previous experience with healthcare claims. You will design methods and models around client driven needs and you will collaborate with various subject matter experts to inform those methods. You will assist the client delivery team with insights, dashboards, and ad-hoc analytics. You will also work with the engineering team to build prototypes and models for new product development.
Responsibilities
Understand external claims data assets and oversee the ingestion, processing, de-identification, and provisioning for data assets and research projects.
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives with defined goals and timelines.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Become the internal subject matter expert on all things claims.
Implement models using high level software packages (SKlearn, R, TensorFlow, Spark).
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Experience with healthcare claims data
Intimate familiarity with the python data science stack (pandas, sklearn, numpy/scipy).
Firm understanding of claims data processing and adjudication, including rejections, re-submissions, and identifying final claims.
Ideal candidate would have a competency around linking EMR and claims data via identity management.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
125,Business Data Analyst (Mortgage Operations),"$41k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","First Midwest, with assets over $20 billion, is the premier relationship-based banking franchise in the dynamic Chicagoland banking market. As one of the Chicago metropolitan area's largest independent bank holding companies, First Midwest provides the full range of commercial, retail banking, and wealth management services through some 120+ offices located in communities in metropolitan Chicago, Northwest Indiana, Central and Western Illinois, Eastern Iowa, and Southeast Wisconsin.

POSITION SUMMARY:

Working collaboratively with the management team, this position is responsible for creating and managing key periodic reports and ad hoc analyses in support of defined business objectives. This role will also champion the development and implementation of key initiatives within the line of business.

REQUIRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS:
Bachelor’s degree preferred in some business discipline
5 years banking or related experience preferred
Advanced analysis and reporting experience required
In-depth knowledge of industry operating rules preferred
Ability to implement new procedures in response to, and in anticipation of, changes in the business environment desired
Possesses and applies comprehensive problem solving abilities for complex issues
High proficiency and analytical skills using Microsoft Office Suite of products required. Access Database and Excel graphing skills a plus.
Experience with financial reports and Falcon risk analytics a plus
Client focus and project management skills are required with an aptitude for creating operational efficiencies and positive client experiences
Demonstrated written and oral communication skills
Strong interpersonal skills
DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work collaboratively with the leadership team on the identification, development and ongoing refinement of periodic reports.
Proactively identify opportunities in support of defined business objectives by developing in-depth analyses.
Support the line of business data collection and distribution needs by working collaboratively with internal and external partners as needed.
Support the development and implementation of key initiatives within the line of business and maintain analytics related to impacts.
Assists in monthly planning, loss analysis, forecasting and variance reporting.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here and Supplement here.",3.5,"First Midwest Bank
3.5","Gurnee, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1940,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
126,Principal Clinical Evaluation Scientist,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Additional Locations: US-MN-Arden Hills

Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

About this role:

This is a highly dynamic role in which you will work in a team environment to help develop global evidence-based clinical strategies for cardiology medical devices (CRM and Electrophysiology) by creating clinical documentation that systematically synthesizes information from multiple data sources. As a Clinical Evaluation Scientist, you will plan and develop clinical evaluation reports (CERs) and post-market clinical follow-up (PMCF) reports, as well as summary of safety and clinical performance reports (SSCPs) in alignment with applicable clinical and regulatory standards and business needs. This role applies analytical thought processes and a highly methodical clinical evaluation approach to develop benefit/risk profiles for the Boston Scientific portfolio cardiology devices. A successful candidate has excellent writing skills as well as the ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional partners. Your efforts support product approval, indication expansion and claim support, and mandated post-market requirements.

Your responsibilities will include:
Compile, appraise, and evaluate data from multiple sources including clinical trials, medical literature, design verification/validation data, and product complaint data. Includes development of literature search strategies and methodical evaluation of medical literature.
Create analyses to evaluate product benefit/risk profile and safety and performance and develop profile of adverse events. Identify potential clinical evidence gaps and contribute to development of prospective evidence strategy to address gaps.
Collaborate with leadership and cross-functional partners to develop global clinical strategies for new product development and/or EU MDR certification, ensure alignment of clinical data with risk documentation, and to contribute to product labeling.
Aid in the development and execution of strategies for regulatory responses for regulatory submissions
What we’re looking for in you:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree and 8+ years professional experience or Advanced degree (PhD, research-based MS, MD, RN/DVM) and 3+ years professional experience
Analytical skills, including strong familiarity with medical literature
Strong medical/scientific writing skills
Preferred Qualification
Knowledge of cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology medical device products and related disease states/ medical terminology
Medical device experience, including understanding of regulatory
Ability to understand engineering documentation, including risk documentation
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Requisition ID: 467272",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Arden Hills, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
127,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
128,Data Scientist 3 (844),"$128k-$201k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Amyris has developed a high-throughput genetic engineering platform for designing and building custom microbes to serve as living factories. Using an industrial scale fermentation process, our microbes convert cheap sugars into a wide variety of high-value target molecules. Our end products directly impact millions of lives. We are pragmatic idealists seeking a profitable way to make the world a better place. We are convinced synthetic biology is here to stay and will have a major positive impact on our planet and everyday life.
Within Amyris R&D, we are searching for a highly energetic, curious, and self-motivated data scientist with a strong background in statistics, computing and biology to join our Data Science and Computing team. Research at Amyris is a highly multidisciplinary effort that needs brilliant contributions from life sciences and engineering disciplines in order to take projects from concept to market. From hacking directly on DNA in the lab to full scale factory production, every aspect of our work is facilitated and accelerated by quantitative science and software & hardware automation. The Data Science and Computing team works hand-in-hand with bench scientists and builds tools that enable genome engineering, protein engineering, metabolic modeling, omics experiment analysis, statistical design of experiments and machine learning models in pursuit of making better microbial strains or fermentation processes. In short, we help accelerate the design-build-test-analyze cycle in synthetic biology.
Key Responsibilities:
Iteratively develop computational algorithms, analyses, visualization tools and machine learning models to meet evolving scientific needs and to aid rapid data-driven decision making while working with a variety of data types including: genotype (NGS), phenotype (metabolomics, proteomics, GC/MS, spectroscopy, fermentation), material flow
Build version-controlled, computational workflows to analyze and model rich, high-throughput phenotype data
Interact closely with a cross-disciplinary teams of biology, analytical chemistry, and fermentation scientists to build data science products

Required Qualifications:
Degree in quantitative discipline such as computer science, mathematics, computational biology, electrical engineering, bioengineering or equivalent.
Ph.D. plus 1-3 years experience, or M.S. plus 3-6 years experience.
Experience in analyzing & visualizing large scientific datasets representing biological & chemical phenotypes
Intermediate (undergraduate level) understanding of biology topics including: genetics, cell physiology, biochemistry, evolution
Experience with programming best practices (unit testing, CI/CD, etc) and version control while contributing to or maintaining large codebases
Expertise with scripting programming languages (Python is preferred)
Hands-on experience with machine learning frameworks and concepts
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and intellectually rigorous environment
Creativity, independent thinking, and passion
Preferred Qualifications:
Background in mass spectrometry informatics, high throughput sequencing, spectrophotometry, or industrial fermentation
Experience in a microbiology or synthetic biology setting
#LI-DJ1

Amyris, a leader in industrial synthetic biology, uses its innovative bioscience solutions to achieve renewable products by converting plant sugars into hydrocarbon molecules. Amyris’ molecules are used in wide range of specialty & performance chemicals, flavors & fragrances and in applications ranging from cosmetics to biofuels. Learn more at www.amyris.com.

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), Amyris is required to inform California residents who are our job applicants (“Applicants”) about the personal information we collect about you when you apply to a job on this site.

As an Applicant, you have the right to know and understand the categories of personal information we collect about you, and the purposes for which the categories of personal information shall be used, pursuant to the CCPA.

By clicking the “APPLY FOR THIS JOB” button below and submitting your job application, you agree you have reviewed the complete Privacy Notice for Employees, Independent Contractors and Job Applicants.

If you have any questions regarding this information, please contact Amyris at privacy@amyris.com

As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, Amyris is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Amyris complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.

If you are a recruiter or placement agency, please do not submit resumes to any person or email address at Amyris, Inc. prior to having a signed agreement. Amyris is not liable for and will not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved recruitment partners. Furthermore, any resumes sent to us without an agreement in place will be considered your company’s gift to Amyris and may be forwarded to our recruiters for their attention.",3.5,"Amyris
3.5","Emeryville, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
129,Physical Scientist,-1,"Physical Scientist

Melbourne, FL

Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance

National Security

Job Description

ENSCO's National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides innovative customized products and services vital to national safety and security. We seek a team-oriented Physical Scientist / Computational Chemist to perform technical support on a variety of environmental modeling and simulation projects. The successful candidate will use analytical problem solving skills to address unique modeling and simulation challenges and will often work with a multidisciplinary team of scientists to meet these needs. This will range from predicting physical property data, interpreting spectral signatures, and comparing modeled and experimental data. The ability to describe and document the modeling work to a varied audience through report writing and technical presentation is important.

Qualifications Required (Skills)

Bachelor’s degree with 3 years’ experience in a Physical Science (Chemistry, Physics), Mathematics, or Chemical Engineering, or equivalent
Experience in the following areas:
Course work in Chemistry, Computational Chemistry Methods, and Statistics.
Application of quantum chemical chemistry methods to supplement experiment.
Chemical principles associated with environmental fate (gas or condensed phase), spectral signatures, and modeling and simulation.
Must be proficient on various platforms (PC, Unix and/or Linux), experience using High Performance Computing platforms (CPU), and a strong background in modeling using, physics, chemistry, or applied mathematics, experience in low level programming languages (e.g., C, C++, Rust, or Fortran), and basic statistics.
Strong analytical problem-solving skills and a demonstrated ability to apply technical knowledge towards solving real-world problems
Excellent technical writing and verbal skills
Ability to communicate with multidisciplinary teams of scientists and engineers
The ability to obtain a SECURITY CLEARANCE is essential for which you must be a U.S. citizen. If you do not meet this requirement, you will not be considered.

Qualifications Desired

Master’s degree in a Physical Science (Chemistry, Physics), Mathematics, or Chemical Engineering
Knowledge of programming languages including R and Python
Experience working with High Performance Computing platforms (CPU and GPU).
Skill using environmental and engineering modeling tools including HPAC, SCIPUFF, ChemCAD, QUIC, and ARC-GIS
Experience in any of the following areas: Infrared Spectroscopy (near, mid, and far), quantum chemical modeling, nuclear chemistry, mechanistic chemistry, kinetics modeling, statistical analysis of laboratory data.
Experience in Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives (CBRNE) programs
#LI-KM1

Req ID

1989BR

Internal Position Title

Scientist III

Employment Status

Regular Full-time

General Education/Years of Experience

BS or equiv; min 3 yrs relevant exp

U.S. Citizenship

Yes

Background Check Type

7 year

Drug Screen Type

None

Export Control and Licensing

None

Contract Award Contingency

No

Recruiter

Kierra McDonald

Division Description

The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides security solutions for the United States government. NSS employees offer a multi-disciplinary approach to solve some of the most challenging technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise are in sensor development and integration; chemical, biological and geophysical phenomenology; software applications and modeling; and operational applications of technology.

Key customers include the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, and the Intelligence Community.

Strength in Diversity

ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law.",3.7,"ENSCO, Inc.
3.7","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
130,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Hi - we’re Topaz Labs. We create AI-powered software that solves photographers’ biggest problems like one-click noise reduction, super-simple masking, and pixel-perfect image upscaling. Tens of thousands of paid customers use our technology every day, ranging from amateur photographers to major Hollywood movie studios. Our AI image enhancement technology has been recognized in Fast Company, The Verge, Engadget, Ars Technica, and more.

We’re looking for a mid to senior-level Deep Learning Researcher to help us accelerate our technology development. Although your scope will later expand, you’ll start with owning R&D for one of our primary products Sharpen AI:
Develop and integrate better deep-learning models in three areas: shake reduction, focus correction, and general sharpening
Lead development on supplemental AI features like auto-masking or model selection
Explore new model research and development for sharpening images
We’re looking for a pretty specific person for this role - someone with a high work ethic, intellectual humility, and a shipping mentality. We’re a small company with a high-visibility and high-performance culture, so you will work with a high degree of impact and autonomy. This is an ideal role for an excellent ML researcher whose primary motivation is to see their work in the hands of thousands of real users.
Technical requirements
Prior key contributor to significant deep learning projects for image manipulation or enhancement
Significant prior experience with CNNs and other common computer vision network architectures
2 years of intensive hands-on experience with TensorFlow or other ML frameworks
Good understanding of common image processing algorithms
Proficient in C/C++, OpenCV.
Well-read on major recent research papers in deep learning for image or video enhancement
PhD preferred, but may consider MS or BS in Computer Science / Engineering
Our technology advantage has already driven 10% month-over-month active user growth for our company. This is a great opportunity for the perfect person to accelerate our technology and growth even further. Your compensation will be tied directly to the performance of the company. We’re also proud to offer 100% covered platinum-level medical/dental/vision for employees, 15 days annual PTO plus holidays, and 401k matching.",3.9,"Topaz Labs
3.9","Dallas, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
131,DOD Data Scientist/Engineer,"$94k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.

Responsibilities

In the position of Data Scientist, the incumbent will support the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) in a once-in-a-generation digital transformation, driving change and devising how data can be integrated, controlled, distributed, and accessed by programs, business units and operators across the enterprise. Guidehouse is seeking an enthusiastic data scientist with the desire to harness data through the application of data science principles, tools, and methods and to share this knowledge as a mentor and coach for others. The individual will support the NAVAIR Digital Group in establishing practical and applied data science practices at NAVAIR, and in solving complex problems that have data driven solutions. This individual will additionally mentor and instruct employees during this process with the goal or sharing their knowledge and growing the data science skill base in Southern Maryland at Patuxent River.

Qualifications

Security Clearance:

Must have an Active Secret Clearance or above.

Responsibilities

• Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.

• Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of data structures and metrics advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.

• Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess product improvement.

• Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.

Required Skills

2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician). Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL). +Experience with data modelling and analytics
Able to clearly communicate (speaking and writing) technical concepts to a non-technical audience + Experience with data engineering and data security practices
Experience managing, unifying, and automating dataflows from disparate sources

Required Experience

Bachelors Degree. Heavy preference given to Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Information Science, or a similar quantitative field or 7 years related work experience with Bachelors
2 to 4 years of programming experience with the ability to write / maintain scripts in Python (or other scripting languages)
Strong understanding of SQL
Working knowledge of data format conversion
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
Strong problem solving skills.
Ability to maintain a DOD Secret clearance throughout employment is required.

Desired experience

Experience working on agile programs
Experience with agile tools such as JIRA and Confluence
Understanding of cloud architecture + Experience working with NoSQL databases
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).

Additional Requirements

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer

About Guidehouse

Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.

Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

Rewards and Benefits

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program",3.5,"Guidehouse
3.5","Patuxent River, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
132,Mid-Level Data Scientist,-1,Job Description BTS is seeking a Mid Level Data Scientist to support NORTHCOM J2 in Colorado Springs CO Conducts data analytics data engineering data mining exploratory analysis predictive analysis and statistical analysis and uses scientific techniques to correlate data into graphical written visual and verbal narrative products enabling more informed analytic decisions Proactively retrieves information from various sources analyzes it for better understanding about the data set and builds AI tools that automate certain processes Duties typically include creating various ML based tools or processes such as recommendation engines or automated lead scoring systems Performs statistical analysis applies data mining techniques and builds high quality prediction systems Should be skilled in data visualization and use of graphical applications including Microsoft Office Power BI and Tableau; major data science languages such as R and Python; managing and merging of disparate data sources preferably through R Python or SQL; statistical analysis; and data mining algorithms Should have prior experience with large data Multi INT analytics ML and automated predictive analytics Requisite Skill Requirements Bachelor degree with 4 6 years of relevant subject matter experience or specialized training & 4 8 years subject matter experience or equivalent intelligenceacademic experience Senior level contractor personnel work independently with moderate Government oversight provide comprehensive and completed products that may require multiple Senior Intelligence AnalystOfficer SIASIO minor revisions andor editing and develop and manage plan of actions and milestones Additional duties as directed Demonstrates comprehensive mission knowledge and skills that affirms completion of all developmental training and experiences for the labor categoryDemonstrates ability to communicate understanding from information that may be incomplete indirect highly complex seemingly unrelated and or technically advanced Demonstrates ability to structure analysis based on trends in reporting and a range of analytic perspectives from other analysts organizations and intelligence disciplinesDemonstrates ability to work independently with minimal oversight and directionDemonstrates ability to collaborate and work with other IC members on information sharing driving collection and addressing analytic disputes and conflict resolutionDemonstrates ability to develop concise insightful and comprehensive products for defense intelligenceDemonstrates ability to lead teams in researching multifaceted or critical problems Provides guidance in selecting designing and applying analytic methodologies Uses argument evaluation and validated analytic methodologies to challenge differing perspectivesDesired Experience At least 8 years of experience conducting analysis relevant to the specific labor category with at least a portion of the experience within the last 2 yearsDesired Education Bachelors degree in an area related to the labor category from a college or university accredited by an agency recognized by the US Department of EducationCompany Overview BTS Software Solutions is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business who are community focused innovators who transform ideas into technology to serve people We recognize that innovation is only valuable when applied towards a needed solution Technology has no value without the hard work to turn ideas into reality Our roots are in helping save Soldiers lives through technology We bring that ethos to serving our community We create solutions that touch peoples lives products to communicate to connect companies with customers to stay informed to save lives and to enhance lives We have a small company persona with a large company ethos and capabilities; we create elegant solutions for complex problems that will enrich peoples lives We offer one of the best benefits packages in the industry Competitive health benefits package PTO 401K matching and vested from day one to name just a few of our benefits and perks BTS Software Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age race creed color religion sex national origin ancestry disability status veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression genetic information marital status citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal state or local law,4.9,"BTS Software Solutions
4.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
133,Senior Data Analyst,"$40k-$71k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Data Analyst*
Responsibilities will focus on providing detailed financial and operational reporting as well as enhancing, creating and analysis of key performance indications via push reporting form a data warehouse.

DUTIES
Maintain the data warehouse, the data warehouse infrastructure, ETL pipelines from enterprise systems to the data warehouse, and the integrity of the data therein.
Hands-on experience working with MS SQL Server (MySQL, Hive and SSIS are a plus)
Building SQL reports and dashboards that interpret data to expose patterns and trends.
Automating the collection of data from available sources while identifying new opportunities for automation.
Assist in developing and tracking relevant business metrics that help drive business success, as well as the periodic communications of those metrics to key stakeholders.
Help with in-depth periodic analysis of business metrics and variance analysis.
Ensure all data warehouse reporting reconciles to existing management systems.
Aid in the preparation and development of detailed budgets and forecasts, including P&L, cash flow, and balance sheet projections on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis.
Complete ad hoc analysis as needed.
Provide input to the management team as needed.
QUALIFICATIONS
Degree in accounting, finance or quantitative discipline preferred.
Minimum of 3 years’ experience in FP&A, Business Analytics or Corporate Strategy
STARTING SALARY RANGE: $75,000

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $75,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Analytics, Strategy or FP&A: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.hmespecialists.com
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"HME SPECIALISTS, LLC
3.2","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
134,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ADVANCED INSPECTION SYSTEMS,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Leverage embedded development, machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data techniques to advanced analysis and development of high reliability software and custom sensing technologies.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Develop technical solutions for high reliability software and custom sensing applications.
Promote developed solutions in technical industry through conference presentations and/or research paper publications.
For more information about the position see:
https://www.swri.org/leak-detection
https://www.swri.org/industries/machine-learning-technologies
https://www.swri.org/industry/chemical-analysis-services/mass-spec-data-analysis

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors or a Masters or a PhD with a 3.00 GPA in BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or other related disciplines.
0-5 years in software development or engineering
Course work or experience in more than one of the following: embedded systems, signal processing, machine learning/artificial intelligence, FPGA development, sensors and instrumentation, Python Programming
Strong software skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required
Ability to work in project team environments and independently
Excellent problem-solving skills and driven by challenging problems
Aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
135,Data Scientist - Risk,"$77k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist (Risk)

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our technology and data driven approach to providing working capital, along with our accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ is searching for a Data Scientist (Risk) to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for building data driven tools to automate and scale risk decisions decision points include, fraud detection, commercial credit analysis, and invoice payment behavior. The ideal candidate is an experienced researcher and data wrangler who enjoys applying complex theories to solve real world business problems. The Data Scientist will need to collaborate effectively with both technical (engineers, data experts) and non-technical (business users) colleagues to bring the data to life.

Responsibilities of Data Scientist (Risk)
We have 20+ years of real-world commercial data weve observed businesses and their interactions with other businesses across market cycles, industries, and catastrophic events. Build risk tools that optimize for velocity and scale.
Build risk tools that optimize science & art you will work with risk experts who have been in the trenches (and learned from losses). Augment human decisions with machine.
Lay the foundation for scale. A data science framework for optimal data acquisition, model training and deployment. Dont take short-cuts. Bring quantitative and statistical rigor to your body of work.
Lead by example. You are joining a data team at ground-level. Building and inserting a data team, into a 20+ year old company (organism) will be hard, but rewarding.
Qualifications for Risk Data Scientist
Curiosity, Grit, and Humility
5+ years of experience of hands-on data science role
Previous experience of building commercial finance risk tools should be beneficial, but not required
Bachelor or Masters degree in Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, or another quantitative field
A toolkit of modern data science techniques
Experience with any data science tools/packages: Python, R, SAS, XGBoost, TensorFlow, NLTK
Experience with any big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with any reporting tools: Tableau Server, Power BI, SSRS, Excel
Experience with any AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, S3
Experience with any Stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming
Position Type and Expected Hours of Work:

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional evening and weekend work may be required as job duties demand.

Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch.

Travel:

There will be minimal travel required for this position.

LSQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived, race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, any other non-merit based factor or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Our leadership team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment. If youd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm",4.4,"LSQ
4.4","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
136,AI Ops Data Scientist,"$116k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company

AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines for some of the world's most serious diseases. But we're more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, we're proud to have a unique workplace culture that inspires innovation and collaboration. Here, employees are empowered to express diverse perspectives and are made to feel valued, energized and rewarded for their ideas and creativity.

Role

We are looking for a data scientist to join our new AI Ops platform team in Science IT. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working in a range of different cloud environments where they devised and deployed large-scale production infrastructure and platforms for data science. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting data & prediction problems in drug discovery.

The successful candidate will be part of a new, close-knit team of deeply technical experts and together have the chance to create tools that will advance the standard of healthcare, improving the lives of millions of patients across the globe. Our data science environments will support major AI initiatives such as clinical trial data analysis, knowledge graphs, imaging & omics for our therapy areas. You will also have responsibility to help provide the frameworks for data scientists to develop scalable machine learning and predictive models with our growing data science community, in a safe and robust manner.

As a strong software leader and an expert in building complex systems, you will be responsible for inventing how we use technology, machine learning, and data to enable the productivity of AstraZeneca. You will help envision, build, deploy and develop our next generation of data engines and tools at scale. You will be bridging the gap between science and engineering and functioning with deep expertise in both worlds.

Key Accountabilities
Liaise with R&D data scientists to understand their challenges and work with them to help productionise models and algorithms.
Be part of the development roadmap to build and operationalise our data science environment, platforms and tooling.
Support any external opportunities, through close partnership and engagement such as Benevolent.AI collaboration.
Deployment of systems, applications and tooling for data science on cloud environments.
Understanding of the necessary guardrails required for different use cases and data sensitivities.
Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU).
Provide the necessary infrastructure and platform to support the deployment and monitoring of ML solutions in production Optimizing solutions for performance and scalability.
Liaise with the Data Engineering team to ensure that the platform and the solutions deployment therein benefit from an optimised and scalable data flow between source systems and analytical models
Implementing custom machine learning code and developing benchmarking capabilities to monitor drift of any analyses over time.
Understanding of the latest AI webservices and data science tools, from DataBricks to citizen data science tools like Dataiku, C3.AI and Domino. Experience working on regulatory data would be helpful but not essential.
Liaise with other teams to enhance our technological stack, to enable the adoption of the latest advances in Data Processing and AI
Being an active member of the Data Science team, you will benefit from, and contribute to, our expanding bank of Data Science algorithms and work efficiently with our data science infrastructure.
Testing and assessing the quality of new tools.
Team recruitment, training provision and coaching
Candidate Knowledge, Skills and Experience
BSc in Computer Science or related quantitative field or MSc/Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field.
More than 2 years of experience and demonstrable deep technical skills in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, natural language processing or computer vision.
Experience managing an enterprise platform and service, handling new customer demand and feature requests.
Strong software coding skills, with proficiency in Python and Scala preferred.
Significant experience with AWS cloud environments, working knowledge of Google and Azure platforms. Knowledge of Kubernetes, S3, EC2, Sagemaker, Athena, RDS and Glue is essential. Certification in appropriate areas will be viewed favourably.
Experience with best practice of data transport and storage within cloud system.
Experience building large scale data processing pipelines. e. g. Hadoop/Spark and SQL.
Experience provisioning computational resources in a variety of environments.
Experience with containers and microservice architectures e.g. Kubernetes, Docker and serverless approaches.
Experience with automation strategies e.g. CI/CD, gitops.
Use of Data Science modelling tools e.g. R, Python, SAS and Data Science notebooks (e.g. Jupyter).
Creative, collaborative, & product focused.
Ability to just get things done.",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
137,Data Scientist,-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION

AccruePartners values our contract and consulting employees. We offer a competitive benefits package to meet the diverse needs of all of our contractor and consulting employees and their family members. Here is a listing of what our company offers: 401(k) Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Employee Assistance Program, Medical and Prescription Drug, Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance.

THE TEAM YOU WILL BE JOINING:

Fortune 500 Company
World leader in commercial data and insight
Constantly expanding the size and improving the quality of their global database; currently exceeding 280 million businesses worldwide
Focus on valuable relationships allowing customers to succeed

WHAT THEY OFFER YOU:

Culture: Energetic, forward thinking individuals, passionate about compliance, risk assessment and management
Growth: Partake in a learning program with robust curriculum that will enhance the value you bring to your team and the company
Opportunity: Extensive international network with offices on five continents
Stability: A storied and commanding brand with almost two centuries of experience

WHERE THE POSITION IS LOCATED:

Reston, VA

THE BACKGROUND THAT FITS:

Undergrad degree in a Risk related field (Accounting, Business, Economics, Finance, Math/Stat, Operations Research, etc.) with 1 to 3 years of applicable experience
Strong programming skills with the ability conduct research utilizing R, and Python to manipulate data and conduct statistical analysis
Strong SQL skills and experience
Ability to effectively communicate complex ideas to both a technical and non-technical audience
Willingness to travel to client locations as needed

Essential Responsibilities

Engage clients with the colleagues to identify their business needs and develop, implement, and manage solutions
Participate in all aspects of a modeling engagement, including design, development, validation, calibration, documentation, approval, implementation, monitoring, and reporting
Strong SAS programming skills with an ability to apply common procedures and data manipulations, write macro functions and learn new procedures when necessary

Preferred Qualifications

Experience implementing text analytic techniques (including NLP) to create structured fields from unstructured datasets
Experience working with very large datasets
Experience working with outside clients on statistical engagements
Experience with graph databases and visualizations
Experience applying modern machine learning techniques
Experience applying data and analytics for capital markets use-cases",2.6,"AccruePartners
2.6","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
138,Data Engineer,"$74k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Group O is seeking a strong candidate with advanced analytics experience to fill an exciting Data Engineer role for an AI partner to Fortune 500 companies. In this role, you will be a valuable in managing large amounts of data and implement loading disparate data sets while managing the technical communication between the team and client.

Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, preprocessing using Hive and Pig.
Manage the technical communication between the team and client
Work with big data team to deliver cutting edge solutions

2-5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Ideally, this would include work on the following technologies:
Proficiency in at least one of the following: R, C++ or Python (preferred). Scala knowledge a strong advantage.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc..
Hands-on experience with Apache Spark and its components (Streaming, SQL, MLLib) is a strong advantage.
Operating knowledge of cloud computing platforms (AWS, especially EMR, EC2, S3, SWF services and the AWS CLI)
Experience working within a Linux computing environment, and use of command line tools including knowledge of shell/Python scripting for automating common tasks
In addition, the ideal candidate would have great problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners.
Education:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical degree",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
139,Aviation Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
140,Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor.
The only way you will be considered is if you follow the link at the bottom of the page and take a very short quiz.
What are we looking for?
We are looking for a technically savvy database-oriented Analyst with good people skills and the ability to pick up new business concepts and technologies.
The ideal candidate will possess:
At least 4 years of experience.
A strong to very strong working knowledge of SQL and Python.
An ability to write and troubleshoot complex SQL procedures.
The desire to understand business events through data.
An understanding of Data Warehousing and ETL techniques.
High level understanding in at least one scripting language such as Ruby, Shell, Python.
An interest in learning large data set processing with MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig/etc.
Linux skills are a plus.
Good client relations skills strongly preferred.
Who are we?
Raybeam, Inc. is a software engineering and consulting company focused on strategic consulting, business intelligence, and online/database marketing for the past fifteen years. We have offices near Boston and San Francisco and support a strong list of clients including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, eBay, Disney, One Kings Lane, Beachbody and Hilton Worldwide.
What do we do?
We provide technology solutions by architecting and developing enterprise systems using a variety of programming languages, tools and platforms. This can range from building data warehouses, to web applications to implementing reporting platforms. We work in small teams, own the projects that we work on, and have direct input into the business decisions of our clients.
What do you get from working for Raybeam?
A fun, supportive work environment that promotes camaraderie and growth.
The chance to travel and network with important figures in the industry.
The chance to have input into business decisions of our clients.
The opportunity to learn technologies that you've always wanted but never had the chance.
If you are interested in applying for the position please click on the link below to take a short quiz.
http://careerseval.raybeam.com/sign_in
Please note that Raybeam, Inc. is currently unable to provide sponsorship and we will only consider local candidates.
COVID-19 considerations:
Due to COVID, all employees are currently working remotely. When it is safe to do so, we will return to the office.",4.7,"Raybeam
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
141,Data Engineer,"$49k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data science engineer, you will be part of a team of data science engineers who research and development design, test, and deployment of automated process, reports and data processing systems. Data science engineer team use their analytics skills to develop solutions for storing and retrieving information related to the processing, publication, and distribution of scientific data products You will help the team philosophy on software engineering and serves as a mentor for understanding the inner workings and the debugging of complex queries and workflows on parallel data processing systems.
The candidate will have a strong technical ability, excellent project management skills, great communication skills, and a motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment.

Responsibilities\*\*
Create and maintain the high-quality data set to serve as the source of truth for various fundamental data captured, and hence enabling data scientist to be more confident on their analysis, machine learning training and reporting.
Create and maintain blue print for data to integrate, centralize and maintain the data sources.
Implement data preparation solutions.
Implement, verify, design, and maintain software systems.
Ensure data integrity by leveraging proven methodologies, including data reconciliation, data integration and data audits.
Requirements*
MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, relevant certificates or work experience
6+ years of experience working with relational databases, data warehousing and advanced working SQL knowledge.
6+ years of successful history in manipulating, processing, and analysis of large datasets (million+ records) and comfortable analyzing datasets of 10+ million records
6+ years of experience with the following tools/concepts:
ETL process development tools, preferably SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Object-oriented development
Software development lifecycle
4+ years of experience working with Data Visualization and Descriptive Statistics, preferably SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and/or Microsoft Power BI
4+ years of experience executing full software development life cycle.
Strong skills on identifying and resolving performance and data quality issues
Solid software engineering skills across multiple languages
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Passion for teaching and mentoring
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Desired Qualifications: *
Experience working with finance industry.
Experience with one or more of the following:
Python
Scala
Java
Informatica
Manipulating/handling data in JSON or XML formats
PL/SQL
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Relational Databases: 6 years (Preferred)
Big Data Analytics: 6 years (Preferred)
Data Visualization: 6 years (Preferred)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Other
Company's website:
https://www.pragroup.com/",2.8,"PRA Group, Inc.
2.8","Richmond, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
142,Insight & Analytics Data Analyst,"$36k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Insight & Analytics Data Analyst will support our Sr. Analysts and Directors who are managing clients and project work. The position entails measuring business objectives against client KPIs and requires strong technical skills with data analysis and visualization, as well as the ability to craft key insights and findings and present work when required. The Data Analyst will also play a role in various research projects that require an understanding of earned media analysis, and social and web analytics, with a tool-agnostic approach. Multi-tasking and working on several projects at once will be part of the job experience.

Job Functions:
Develops strategy insights that are compelling, actionable, and statistically rigorous, identifying trends and anomalies, and triangulating data gaps
Understanding of project management elements and what role they play, meet deadlines and apply critical thinking to ask questions and help problem solve when needed.
Data visualization expertise and the ability to translate data from multiple data sources into a compelling story.
Has a collaborative mindset, is willing to work with others and take direction.
Applies sophisticated analysis to datasets to discern and identify patterns and recommend relatable actions.
Ability to multi-task and manage competing priorities in a time-sensitive environment.
Ability to ask the right questions to understand business problems and identify measurement or research objectives.
Other duties as assigned.

Minimum/Preferred Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Data Science) or marking/communications (Strategic Communications, Marketing Communications, Market Research), or the equivalent combination of education and experience
2-3 years of data analysis, data visualization, and/or market research experience is required.
Proficient with Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Power BI
Has passion and ability to learn new technologies, tools and platforms. Experience with social analytics platforms such as Talkwalker, Audiense, Netbase, Sprinklr or similar platforms is a plus.
Additional Requirements:
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate actively and work in a team environment.
Solid organizational and project management skills.
Self-motivated and able to adapt quickly to changing priorities and tight deadlines.
Strong presentation and consulting skills along with the ability to read, write and speak English
Experience working remotely or with colleagues in multiple locations
Must be able to work more than 40 hours per week on occasion
Travel: may on occasion need to travel, up to 10%

Equal Opportunity: WE provides equal employment opportunity and does not discriminate against an employee or applicant because of age, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or other legally protected class status.
Diversity and Inclusion: WE values a diverse and inclusive workforce and is committed to creating a workplace where everyone thrives. We promote an atmosphere in which diversity of people and ideas are welcomed and valued. Diversity includes differences in race, religion, gender, age, lifestyle, ethnic background and sexual orientation as well as differences in experiences and ideas.
*LI-TQ1
WAG123",3.6,"WE Communications
3.6","Portland, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
143,Aviation AI/ML Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety data
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions
Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
Preferred Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
144,Data Scientist- Streetsboro Ohio Office,-1,"The Step2 Company is the largest American manufacturer of preschool and toddler toys and one of the world’s largest rotational molders of plastics. It’s our mission to be the leading innovator of children's products that build imaginations and enrich the family's celebration of childhood.

Step2 proudly employs moms, dads, grandparents, aunts, uncles and everyone in between. We offer an environment of fun and hard work. Our mission of bringing families together isn’t just for our customers. The Step2 family starts with our employees and we’re excited that you’re interested in joining our team!

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Reporting to the IT Director, and in close collaboration FP&A, the Data Scientist will support our product, sales, operations, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

SPECIFIC DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design
Functions as Oracle subject matter expert and ensures end users are properly trained to use system and reports appropriately; troubleshoots issues.
Serves as the System Administrator for the Daily Operating System (D.O.S.) Report and supporting network.
Ensures functionality and accuracy of reports which make up the D.O.S. report (i.e. Mold Placement Master, Mold Placement Report, Attendance Rosters).
Keeps D.O.S. supporting data updated (i.e. labor standards, NSP pricing, tooling information, goals, etc.)
Data mines and analyzes data from Oracle to provide user-friendly ad-hoc reports as request by various departments and upper level management.
Design and create a data repository to achieve the above objectives
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Content Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.


ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Excellent project management skills
Ability to explain complex issues clearly and succinctly
Effectively summarizes and communicates results
Ability to forecast potential problems and pitfalls
What are the perks?
· Parental Leave
· 401k with Employer Match
· Tuition Assistance
· Company Paid Life& Disability Insurance
· Adoption Assistance
· Medical, Dental and Vision
· Premium FREE Medical Plan
· Employee Discount
· 10 Paid Holidays
· Advancement Opportunities
Join our family!

Apply today or text Step2Jobs to 97211 to connect with a recruiter.

Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer



Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"Step2
3.3","Streetsboro, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
145,Data Engineer,-1,"Data Engineer Northern, VA

Data Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Data Engineers to design and implement distributed, cloud-native data pipelines, storage systems, and query support. These capabilities will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on enabling machine learning and automation. Teams will be working in an Agile development environment and expected to identify and mitigate risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Architect, design, and implement updates and enhancements to data repositories and indices to support data ingest, enrichment, analysis, visualization, and dissemination
Perform database engineering and management activities associated with designing, developing, maintaining, and enhancing Big Data analytic systems using an Agile DevSecOps model
Integrate data from multiple sources in batches and real-time
Review, design, and develop data quality management processes and automated procedures intended to produce high levels of data integrity
Research and recommend solutions to complex problems
Oversee code reviews and delivering feedback regarding designs/code
Perform research and development and provide technical support to identify and integrate new and emerging technologies into the data environment
Design and implement storage and indexing strategies to provide efficient storage and retrieval to support visualizations such as graph-based and geospatial indices
Support design and development of data access APIs that allow enterprise access (as appropriate) to data
Develop or provide input to engineering artifacts associated with the data repositories
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Experience with SQL databases
Data transformation experience with scripting (Python, Java, Perl, PL/SQL) or platforms such as Spark, Talend, Knime, or Pentaho
Strong problem-solving skills
Good written and oral communications skills
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
Familiarity with SQL query engines, preferably PrestoDB or SparkSQL
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Experience integrating open API based data access and processing
DOD8570 IAT Level 1 or 2 certified (A+, Security+, etc. certification)
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
146,Data Scientist Risk Analyst,"$50k-$92k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Oasis Systems has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst to support the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) in Washington, DC.
The successful candidate shall provide support in data analytics, Python, data visualization, dashboards and use of data analytic tools. Activities which the contractor may be tasked to perform include gathering requirements from stakeholders, conducting financial data analysis and risk analysis in a Big Data environment, and creating interactive dashboard reports and documentations.

LOCATION: Washington, DC

JOB STATUS: Full-Time

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Certifications, Experience, Skills)

SECURITY CLEARANCE: Ability to pass a Special Agreement Check (SAC) and a National Agency Check and Inquires (NACI) Background Investigation

EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree

CERTIFICATIONS AND TOOLS: Certifications in Data Analytics program languages such as Python and R preferred but not required. Experience with Global Risk product a plus, but not required.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL: A minimum of 8 years of relevant experience in the data analysis field and a minimum of 5 years of industrial analytics experience using Python (recent use during the past 3 years) as well as extensive experience with SQL.
Specific experience with financial or market risk analysis is a Must.

DESCRIPTION: Functionally, the candidate will be responsible for:

Work closely with the customer to gather and document project requirements.
Perform data manipulation and advanced data analysis including financial modeling, data mining, and Machine Learning techniques.
Perform risk analysis which may include a broad range of financial risk measures, (such as Value at Risk (VaR): computation and evaluation, VaR tracking (VaR evolution over time), Incremental (and marginal) VaR calculation for individual asset classes /positions, conditional VaR, stress testing).
Test each project thoroughly before presenting it to the task order project manager for quality control. Document test results as part of the project closeout documentation.
Create documentation as required under the PMLC and the Configuration Change Board (CCB) in order to move projects to the production environment.
Coordinate with internal and external organizations providing data to understand and resolve improper data formatting and other integration issues.
Participate in facilitated meetings between stakeholders at CFTC which may include regular status meetings, user acceptance testing meetings and ad hoc development discussions.
Data analysis tasks may be varied. They will include complex data requests that require data mining, extraction, and query optimization services from Divisions throughout the CFTC.
Assist business users, economists, statisticians, and others, as required, to support effective use of analytic techniques and CFTC-approved tools to meet the customers various analytic needs.

Who We Are

Oasis Systems is a premier provider of customer-driven, cost-effective and quality Engineering Services; Enterprise Systems and Applications; Human Factors Engineering; Information Technology and Cyber Security; Professional Services; and Specialized Engineering Solutions to the Department of Defense, FAA, NRC and other federal agencies.

We strive to be an exciting and welcoming company that attracts, develops, motivates and retains the most talented, skilled and dedicated people in the industry; where they are encouraged to achieve personal excellence, purpose, and their full potential and career aspirations; while supporting mission-critical national security technologies and programs.

Oasis Systems is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of any legally protected characteristic including, but not limited to, race, color, religion, national origin, marital status, gender, sexual orientation, ancestry, age, medical condition, military veteran status or on the basis of physical handicap which, with reasonable accommodation, render the application to satisfactorily perform the job available.",3.7,"Oasis Systems LLC
3.7","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
147,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"About SecurityScorecard:


SecurityScorecard is an industry-leading cybersecurity company backed by Google, Sequoia, and Riverwood. Our mission is to make the world a safer place. We measure your and your vendors' cyber-health by assigning a security rating of ""A"" through ""F"" based on outside-in, non-intrusive data. Our Comprehensive security ratings, advanced data analytics, and actionable insights discover Third-Party Vulnerabilities & Security Gaps In Real-Time.
We are headquartered in NYC with over 200+ employees globally, raised over $110M USD, used by 1,000+ enterprise customers, and rating 1.5 million companies. We have created a new category of enterprise software, and our culture has helped us be recognized as one of the 10 hottest SaaS startups in NY for two years in a row.
Our vision is to create a new language for companies and their partners to communicate, understand, and improve each other's security posture.

What you will do:


As a Senior Software Engineer on the Data Pipeline Platform team, you will help us scale, support, and build the next-generation platform for our data pipelines. The team's mission is to empower data scientists, software engineers, data engineers, and threat intelligence engineers accelerate the ingestion of new data sources and present the data in a meaningful way to our clients.

You will design and implement systems for ingesting, transforming, connecting, storing, and delivering data from a wide range of sources with varying levels of complexity and scale. You will enable other engineers to deliver value rapidly with minimum duplication of effort. Automate the infrastructure supporting the data pipeline as code and deployments by improving CI/CD pipelines. Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve the data platform to maintain stability and optimal performance.

Who you are:
Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative/technical field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Math
6+ years of data pipeline software development experience
Exceptional skills in at least one high-level programming language (Scala, Java, Go, Python or equivalent)
Actively using and a strong understanding of big data technologies such as Kafka, Spark, Storm, Apache Flink, Databricks toolkit and Cassandra
Experience with Dataflow orchestration in Google Cloud Flow, Airflow, or Conductor
Experience with AWS services including EMR, S3, Redshift, and RDS
Excellent communication skills to collaborate with cross-functional partners and independently drive projects and decisions
Previous experience working in distributed teams. We are a remote-first company!
Located in the U.S. or Canada
Benefits:
Competitive salary
Full health benefits
Stock options
401K
You are always welcome to work from home
$3000 per year education fund
#1 Ranked Cybersecurity Analytics company in the word
SecurityScorecard embraces diversity. We believe that our team is strengthened through hiring and retaining employees with diverse backgrounds, skillsets, ideas, and perspectives. We make hiring decisions based upon merit and do not discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.",4.1,"SecurityScorecard
4.1",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
148,Machine Learning - Computer Scientist,"$109k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking a Senior / Lead Computer Scientist to cultivate and lead highly skilled technical staff to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics. As our Computer Scientist you will promote and provide MITRE-unique value across multiple sponsors. Additionally, you will be expected to initiate and contribute to various research projects & efforts across MITRE and in collaboration with academia, industry and sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with academia, industry and MITRE Technical Centers, portfolio and program divisions in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Work with department leadership to develop and evolve an enduring, adaptive and forward-looking strategy and capability advancing the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, and Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and provide technical guidance and quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes, strong leadership and transition of research results to sponsor operations
Provide exemplary leadership, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff related to Department domain knowledge or capabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field
5 + years applicable experience including machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Hands on work experience will include tools / packages such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Outstanding presentation skills, both development & delivery, are required for both MITRE facing and Sponsor facing communications
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government clearance are preferred
Proven experience with cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
149,Marketing Data Analyst,-1,"Overview


As a key member of the Analytics team, the Marketing DataAnalyst will be responsible for data-driven insights that enable eFinancial and Fidelity Life Association to optimize business processes and grow rapidly. The Marketing Data Analyst will gather, organize and aggregate large sets of data in order to produce meaningful business insight in areas such as lead management, call center effectiveness, marketing spend effectiveness, and revenue generation. If you would love being an owner-operator of a fast-growing complex online business with modern technology stacks, building analytical and infrastructure solutions, and driving profitability via analytics, the Senior Marketing Analyst role is for you!

Responsibilities
Own the end-to-end lead performance management analytics to maximize risk-adjusted lifetime value generated by converting marketing spend into revenue
Develop lead / traffic forecasts by marketing channel, interpret sales conversion data, analyze and monitor results and recommend adjustments to keep marketing spend efficiency on track
Develop point solutions such as dynamic bidding models to guide lead and media buy
Work effectively with cross-functional partners in Business Intelligence, Marketing, and Finance to keep data initiatives on track, and provide periodic sales lead performance reporting to management team
Extract/extrapolate trends from competitor, user behavior, and market positioning analyses and recommend tangible opportunities for Business Development teams to maximize value of marketing relationships
Qualifications
Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause/ analyses
Strong verbal and written communications skills that enable you to explain complex insights with clarity and precision to executive management
Experience developing insights across various areas of customer related data: financial, product and marketing
Proficiency in MS SQL/MySQL, Tableau/PowerBI and mastery of Microsoft Suite (Excel)
Knowledge of cloud-based data structures including Redshift, and programming languages such as Python a huge plus
An analytical mindset with relevant education such as a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Economics, Finance or any related field
2-5 years of experience as a Data/Business/Financial Analyst with large, complex data sources
EEOC/Other


eFinancial is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workplace. As an eFinancial employee, you will be eligible for Medical and Dental Insurance, Health Savings Accounts, Flexible Spending Accounts (Health, Dependent Care & Transit), Vision Care, 401(K), Short-term and Long-term Disability, Life and AD&D coverages.",3.6,"Efinancial
3.6",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
150,Data Scientist,"$60k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We have an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Typical responsibilities include
Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.
Cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
Analyzing data to identify patterns and trends.
Developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Devising and applying models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data.
Interpreting data to discover solutions and opportunities.
Requirements
Active Secret Clearance
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline
Desired skills
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with entity resolution
Experience with Natural Language Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.1,"NetImpact Strategies
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
151,Clinical Data Scientist,-1,"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Your Superpowers
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
152,Software Engineer - Data Science,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels with Data Science experience. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for assisting in solving real world problems using data science techniques. The candidate should be experienced with exploratory data analysis, machine learning, network graph modeling, information insight, data mining, data driven analytics and statistical methods.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop and deploy software solutions
Self-motivated and have a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Working directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems
Creating and deploying predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods
Performing enterprise level software development, integration, and implementation using advanced data science or big data technologies
Establishing and implementing end-to-end proof of concepts
Performing data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling and simulation, and forecasting for the development of solutions
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams using documentation, presentations, and demonstrations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design and development of data science software applications
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Experience with Exploratory Data Analysis including wrangling, grooming, transformation, and analysis
Experience applying statistical methods to solve data problems
Software development programming experience in languages such as Python, R, Java, Scala
Experience using IDE tools such as Jupyter to develop and demonstrate results
Experience with integrating and using Data Science libraries such as scikit-learn, MlLib, Pandas, python (Jupyter, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.), R, Java
Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Experience with Agile development and Agile tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence)
Experience within the SIGINT mission environment and an understanding of customer data formats
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Experience using large-scale distributed frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Tensorflow
Experience with GPU-based machine learning techniques


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
153,Big Data Engineer - Chicago - Future Opportunity,"$71k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ABOUT US

Are you ready to transform an industry? At Centro we are building a comprehensive tech platform that radically increases efficiencies and impact across businesses, teams, and campaigns. Our clients can run all their digital business through Basis, with robust business intelligence, workflow automation, search and social integrations, and the number one rated DSP.
We’re taking the digital advertising world by storm and are proud to be headquartered in the rapidly growing tech hub of Chicago, with offices that span across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and London. Join us in our mission to improve the lives of everyone working in the industry!
WHY WORK WITH US?
At Centro, we believe that lasting success is achieved through continual dedication to the growth and well-being of the individual. Our people are the core of what makes Centro unique. Driven by the Centro Manifesto and our guiding principles, we look to hire the best and brightest minds—curious, passionate learners who are driven to create impact.
We are committed to building a culture of highly motivated individuals who create a positive and supportive environment together. When we work hard, stay focused, and act in service to others, we believe that anything is possible. Come grow with us!

ABOUT THE TEAM

Technology is at the core of what we do. Centro’s innovative Engineering team designs and develops new features and integrations for Basis, our industry-leading, comprehensive software solution. Our platform processes over 300 billion events per day and uses AI and machine learning to automate and simplify the entire digital campaign process.

This team is all about data—and in order to create value from the massive amount of data we collect, engineering leverages their dynamic Data Engineering, Data Science, and Business Intelligence teams to create insights that benefit the industry as a whole.

Our Tech Stack:
• Ruby, Java, Python, and React.js
• Kubernetes, Docker, Kafka
• PostgreSQL, NoSQL
• AWS

Ways You’ll Contribute
We are looking for engineers who are excited about building distributed data pipelines. We want you to help us shape our internal and external brand-new data warehouses, leveraging the latest advances of big data processing: a combination of Kafka Streams, Hadoop, and traditional RDBMS. You will also contribute by:

Implementing scalable, fault tolerant and accurate ETL pipelines that work in a distributed Hadoop environment.
Developing platform services to operate the big data applications at scale.
Gathering and processing raw data at scale from diversified sources into Hadoop.
Building enterprise business analytics and reporting applications on Hadoop.

What You Bring to the Table
Solid understanding of distributed system fundamentals.
Experience in developing, troubleshooting, diagnosing, and performance tuning of distributed data pipelines at scale.
Demonstrated professional experience working with various components of Big Data ecosystem: Spark/Spark Streaming, Hive, Kafka/KSQL, Hadoop (or similar NoSQL ecosystem), et. al, in a production system.
Strong software engineering skills with Python.
Knowledge of some flavor of SQL (MySQL, Oracle, Hive, Impala), including the fundamentals of data modeling and performance.
Bonus Points
Skills in real-time streaming applications.
Knowledge of Scala.
A development workflow using Docker containers.
Compulsion for automating your day-to-day processes.
LIFE WITH CENTRO

We take care of our people. Our team has put together a thoughtful benefits package and provides a wide range of perks, including competitive 401k matching, a tax-free health savings account, tuition reimbursement, generous maternity/paternity leave, and more.

Aside from benefits, we’re always finding new ways to invest in the personal and professional growth our employees. We’re proud to support a variety of employee-led communities that enrich our culture of uniqueness, inclusivity, and empowerment. Centro is more than a workplace.

Centro is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and support an inclusive workplace diverse in thought, perspective and culture. We celebrate all team members regardless of gender/identity, sexual orientation, race or cultural background, religion, physical disability and age. We are better together.",3.9,"Centro
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
154,AWS Data Engineer,-1,"AWS Data Engineer Northern, VA

AWS Data Engineer


Minimum Requirements
Active SECRET clearance preferred; Clearable US Citizen with NAIC (National background check) may also apply
5 years Data Engineering experience AND a BA Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Sciences, or equivalent; 4 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education.
Working knowledge of agile software development, DevSecOps, and AWS native solutions including API Gateway, S3, and Lambda is required.
Preferred Experience
Knowledge of several of the following areas is desirable: DevSecOps, Active Server Pages, JavaScript, Python, HTML, and AWS native applications including S3, WAF, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFront, DynamoDB, Transcribe, Athena, Simple Queue Service, QuikSight, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, KMS, and Cognito.
Job Duties
Provide development support to the Scrum Master in an agile software development environment in AWS.
Works as a key member of an AWS native solution software development team and works to identify risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments.
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details
Location – Arlington, Virginia
Travel Required – N/A
If travel is required, how much? 0%
Work Schedule (Shift etc.): Day Shift
Authorization to work in US required
8570 Requirements: N/A
NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Tagged as: AWS Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
155,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH ENGINEER - PERFORMANCE METROLOGY,"$58k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join our Intelligent Systems Division! As a member of the team, you will help develop creative solutions for existing and next-generation technologies for healthcare applications using advanced modeling, artificial intelligence and machine learning. This role entails frequent interaction with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives. Operate in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.


Education/Experience:


Must have a BS, Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Biomedical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or other related disciplines. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have course work or experience in more than one of the following: image and video processing, high performance computing including GPUs, network and routing protocols, logic programming and knowledge representation, machine learning/artificial intelligence, software development, signal processing; communications and RF. Strong software skills required. Experience in C++, C#, and/or Python preferred. Experience with Linux, real-time operating systems, multithreaded programming, and/or networking/socket programming is a plus. An interest and/or experience in working with hardware a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Must be able to work in project team environments and independently. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail with an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
156,Lead Data Analyst,"$59k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary

FGL Holdings—the F&G family of insurance companies—is committed to helping Americans prepare for and live comfortably in their retirement. Through its subsidiaries, F&G is a leading provider of annuity and life insurance products. For nearly 60 years, we have offered annuity and life insurance products to those who are seeking safety, protection and income solutions to meet their needs.

At F&G, we believe our culture is what makes our company great. In 2019, we received a Top Workplace award, which we credit to our employees' shared cultural values: Collaborative, Authentic, Dynamic and Empowered. We believe that by embracing these values, we will continue to build and strengthen the company, while being a great place to work. We recruit talented and committed individuals to join our team, and we provide opportunities for personal and professional growth.

The Lead Data Analyst will be responsible for performing data analysis for the Information Technology department as well as supporting the assigned projects for business clients of Information Technology. As a senior team member, the Lead Data Analyst will assume lead roles in data design and data modeling, oversee the work of other less experienced data analysts, and participate in the strategic planning around future development of the F&G data environment.

Organization

This position reports directly to the Manager, Data Analysis and Integration and has significant interaction with members of the IT organization, Third Party Administrators, group managers, and departmental analysts throughout the organization. In addition, interaction with the PMO (for prioritization and reporting) and related management (owners of the business interface function) will be critical and ongoing.

Duties and Responsibilities

Data Analysis

Directs interaction with the business leaders, developers, DBA team and end-user to gain a thorough understanding of the data being requested
Provides effort estimates for analysis and design of data interfaces
Maps requested data fields from Third Party Systems to F&G data structures and/or provides oversight and guidance of other Data Analysts performing the task
Creates data field conversions from Third Party systems to F&G definitions or provides oversight and guidance to other Data Analysts assigned to perform the task
Manages complex TPA Data Changes from inception to production and/or leads other Data Analysts performing the task
Documents Data requirements and effectively communicate them to the Development teams
Creates and refines documentation templates to support the SDLC process improvements
Works directly with the Third-Party data staff to develop the requested data interfaces
Tests the data received from the Third-Party systems for accuracy of format and conversion definitions or providing oversight and guidance of other assigned Data Analysts performing the task
Leads complex data efforts for all data related production support incidents
Works independently with minimal direction
Participates in hiring of new data analysts and assists with their on-boarding and training
Mentors and oversees the work of other Data Analysts to ensure that they are meeting their deliverables

Report Design

Responsible for the collection, analysis, interpretation and summarization of data in the generation of reports for end-users
Designs and or develops database objects (databases, tables, stored procedures, database functions) to support the collection, tracking and reporting of business data
Designs, develops and supports reporting tools that utilize advanced features in MS Excel and MS Access (i.e. VBA, macros)
Works with Developers to automate reports, processes and tests results

Data Consultation

Acts in a consultative position for answering questions about the available data and the data that it is possible to capture from the Third-Party systems
Provides support for miscellaneous data projects

Data Governance

Works with the data team to maintain current and accurate Data Classifications
Participates in Data Steward Council meetings and activities
Supports data needs and questions of Data Stewards
Participates in all Data Quality initiatives

Experience and Education Requirements

Required

Bachelor's degree (preferred emphasis in computer science or MIS) or equivalent combination of education and experience
8+ years of experience
Experience with Life and Annuity insurance systems
5+ years of experience with SQL Server 2000 or higher
5+ years of experience developing logical and physical data models
Thorough understanding of the software development life cycle (SDLC)
Excellent/proven troubleshooting and problem resolution skills
Experience with SQL query tools such as Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio or Toad
Experience in working with Data Governance policies and procedures
Experience in creating data marts and other data warehousing practices

Preferred Requirements

Experience leading a team
Experience implementing and/or working with metadata
Experience working with Informatica IDQ or similar data quality tools
Experience working with XML files for data integration
Experience with database design/modeling tools such as Erwin
Experience with Microsoft Visio
Experience with Tableau

Skills and Abilities

Knowledge of Big Data and Master Data Management
Knowledge of data integrity protocols and security requirements and techniques
Strong technical documentation skills
Strong time management and organizational skills to enable productivity in a fast-paced, dynamic development environment
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work effectively in team-based development projects
Excellent interpersonal skills.

Physical Demands and Work Environment

Must be able to work in a fast-paced team environment and handle multiple projects and assignments under tight deadlines
Must demonstrate willingness to work flexible hours as needed to accommodate business needs and deliverables
Must be able to sit in front of a computer for extended periods of time

#INDHP

#LI-JS1",3.8,"Fidelity & Guaranty Life
3.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
157,Software Engineer - Data Visualization,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels who are experienced with data visualization, interactive data-driven visualizations, and user interface design. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for the design and development of data visualization software, techniques, and algorithms.
The candidate should have experience creating and building custom, re-usable data visualizations based on statistical and mathematical modeling and data analysis to be used to solve a variety of problems related to data reporting. Seeking engineers with the ability to overcome information overload, are familiar with accessibility compliance, information design, and human factors and usability design.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop, and deploy analytic software solutions
Self-motivated with a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Designing, developing, and deploying data visualizations, interactive dashboards, and user interface solutions
Applying knowledge of technical computing platforms, tools, and techniques to analyze information and data requirements obtained from data scientists, analysts, and other business stakeholders
Planning and proposing solutions for the optimization of data integration strategies, intuitive designs, and enterprise interactive dashboards
Formulating simulation models of operational problems and proposed solutions related to integrating and analyzing using dynamic data visualizations that incorporate intuitive interfaces, infographics, interactive drill-downs, movements
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams on the use of data visualizations developed
Collecting feedback to make continuous improvements to new and existing data visualizations
Contributing to guidelines and design conventions and standards for modeling and data visualizations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design, development, and deployment of software systems
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Front-end application frameworks such as Vue, React, Angular
HTML/CSS frameworks such as Bootstrap, Zurb, Material
Experience developing client-side applications using JavaScript
JavaScript libraries such as Bootstrap, jQuery, Leaflet, D3.js
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Comfortable meeting with customers and peers to explore change requests, bugs and new ideas
Customer technical support experience
Documentation experience, to include up-front design documentation


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
158,Data Scientist,"$88k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","POSITION SUMMARY:

The Data Scientist is a highly motivated and experienced individual who likes to work in a multi-disciplinary team. The Data Scientist will be instrumental in the analysis and interpretation of high-throughput molecular data. Additionally, the individual in this role should have solid Data Science background and be strongly goal-oriented with a focus on real-world impact.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Statistical and bioinformatics analyses of high-throughput molecular data
Interaction with internal and external collaborators to understand, design, and develop the requested solutions
Development and execution of data analysis protocols to support the company's discovery pipeline
Presentation of scientific results internally and externally
Preparation and submission of scientific manuscripts for review and publication
Other duties as assigned
REQUIREMENTS:
Requires a Ph.D. in Bioinformatics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Sciences or related field with 0-3 years of experience; or an MS with 5-7 years of industry experience
Proficiency in R is required. Experience in Bioconductor is preferred
Experience in Linux and Big Data technologies
Experience in Scala, C, Python and MySQL is a plus
Experience in working with Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) is a plus
Proven ability to find creative and practical solutions to complex problems
Proven experience in applying Data Science methodologies to extract, process, and transform data from multiple sources
Proven ability to deliver outputs in a comprehensive format that highlights major trends, avoid miss-interpretations and value the conclusions
Proven ability to demonstrate attention to detail and record-keeping
Quick learner, extremely flexible and adaptable to the needs of internal collaborators in a dynamic environment
Ability to efficiently work in multiple projects
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Must be able to work in a team-oriented environment",4.1,"Berg Health
4.1","Framingham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
159,Senior Data Scientist Marketing,"$130k-$150k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Scientist (Marketing) will work closely with the SVP of FP&A and Dir of Analytics to implement advanced analytical models and other data-driven solutions.

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders in marketing to identify opportunities to use available data to develop business solutions.
Enhance existing data collection procedures to ensure that all data relevant for analyses is captured.
Cleanse, consolidate, and verify the integrity of data used in analyses.
Build and validate predictive models to increase customer retention, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Assist in the design and data modeling of the data warehouse.
Visualize data, especially in reports and dashboards, to communicate analysis results to stakeholders.
Extend data collection to unstructured data within the company and external sources
Develop machine learning driven products for internal use.
Perform ad-hoc analysis, presentations and other projects as required
Minimum Qualifications:
Master's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or other quantitative discipline. PhD preferred.
Master's degree 4+ yrs in similar role: PhD 3+ yrs
Experience with statistical computer languages (Python, R etc.) to manipulate and analyze large datasets.
Experience with databases, query languages, and associated data architecture.
Experience with data visualization tools like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, or Plotly
Experience in professional application of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, SVM, k-NN, Naïve Bayes, Gradient Boosting. Deep learning frameworks (Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc.) is a plus
Experience applying data science to marketing including attribution modeling, media mix modeling, and ROI analysis.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical colleagues
Experience with marketing automation platforms and/or CRM software is a plus (Hubspot, Salesforce, Marketo, etc.)
Experience with AWS is a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
160,Senior Data Scientist,"$107k-$173k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Do you want to join us and apply machine learning to tackle difficult problems in biotechnology drug development? As an AI Scientist, you can play a pivotal role in a rapidly growing team analyzing and manipulating various types of biomedical datasets and generating the insights from our complex data that brings innovative medicines to patients.

About AstraZeneca in Gaithersburg, MD:

Our Gaithersburg, Maryland facility creates life-changing medicines for people around the world. This campus employs more than 3,500 experts in our field and is only a short drive from Washington, DC. This modern and vibrant scientific campus is the home of R&D and Oncology in the US. Here, we play host to some of the most cutting-edge technology and lab spaces, all designed to inspire collaboration and cross-functional science. We believe employees benefit from being challenged and inspired at work. We are dedicated to creating a culture of inclusion and collaboration.

The Gaithersburg site offers a variety of amenities to help boost productivity and help keep our employees happy and healthy. This includes a fitness center, employee healthcare clinic, electric vehicle charging stations, dry cleaning, full-service cafeteria and copy center. This is where youll find newly-designed, activity-based work spaces to suit a range of working styles while increasing collaboration between teams.

Summary of the group:

The Data Science and Modeling team within AstraZenecas Biopharmaceutical Development (BPD) group applies sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve some of the hardest problems in the development of biological medicinal products. The team uses a blend of scientific, problem solving, and quantitative skills to develop and deliver ground breaking methods addressing critical problems in bioproduct development.

Our team of data scientists work right next to biotechnology scientists and operational teams, allowing them direct influence on the questions, the design of the corresponding studies and real time access to the resulting data. Biopharmaceutical Development has more than 20 years of experience with biotherapeutics, has brought more than 100 molecules to the clinic and has launched 6 new therapies. Together we seek to:
Improve our understanding of disease and uncovering new targets
Transform R&D processes
Speed the design and delivery of new medicines for patients
Main Duties & Responsibilities:
Develop, implement and support modelling solutions for the AI ecosystem for bioprocess optimization including integrating data from multiple different sources and modalities, as well as the application of classification, regression, clustering, image analysis, or graph theory and other specialist techniques
Researching and developing predictive models and computational methods to guide decision-making within project parameters and established approaches
Translate unstructured, business problems into the appropriate data problem, model and analytical solutions
Perform AI research, including establishment of hypotheses that can be approached using computational methods and tools. May present or publish findings for conferences and in peer reviewed journals
Build effective relationships with established range of stakeholders to ensure utilization and value of information resources and services. Clearly and objectively communicate results, as well as their associated uncertainties and limitations within agreed frameworks
Develop, maintain and apply ongoing knowledge and awareness in trends, standard methodology and new developments in analytics and data science
Education & Experience Requirements:

Graduate Degree in mathematics, computer science, physics, statistics, engineering, or a related quantitative discipline.

Required Skills:
Knowledge of modern data science approaches, including unsupervised and supervised classification and regression algorithms. May also have expertise in advanced statistical modelling, or broader aspects of applied mathematics such as dynamical systems or optimization.
Algorithm design, development, optimization, scaling and applications
Data modeling experience with sequential data such as signals, sequences, and time series.
Predictive modeling: Classification and Regression
R, Python/Julia Programming experience, SQL Querying
Stakeholder management and effective communication of the results and models
Desired Skills:
Understanding and familiarity with deep learning algorithms for RNN, CNN, or reinforcement learning for sequential data modeling
Recommendation systems
CNN for Image analysis and processing
AWS storage and services
Excellent problem solving, written and verbal communication, business analysis, and consultancy skills
Why AstraZeneca?

At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognising their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organisation to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means were opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.

So, whats next!

Are you ready to bring new ideas and fresh thinking to the table? Brilliant! We have one seat available and we hope its yours.

Where can I find out more?

Check out our landing page for more information on our BPD group https://careers.astrazeneca.com/bpd

Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/

Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/

Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
161,Senior Data Scientist,"$101k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Klaviyo is looking for Senior Data Scientists to join our team which is still in its early days. You'll have a big impact on our direction and how we operate. You'll be central to upfront research and shipping products that help our customers learn and grow from their data.

The ideal candidate has a background in data science, statistics and machine learning and has done work ranging from exploratory analysis to training and deploying models. We use a wide variety of data mining and machine learning algorithms. The right candidate will have both a solid fundamental understanding and deep practical experience with at least a few modeling and machine learning techniques.

You should have experience building models that are used by people to make better decisions. We're focused on shipping early and often. We prefer iterative solutions that are incrementally better to the perfect solution.

How you will make a difference:


Analyze large data sets (we're collecting billions of individual actions every month).
Build models and ship products that enable businesses to grow faster and communicate with their customers.
Democratize and open up that technology to everyone (Our background as a team is building these models for the Fortune 50).
Match the right assumptions and models to the right problem.
Measure and know what impact your models had on the decisions people made -- e.g. did they outperform the previous best model or a human decision maker?

Who You Are:


Bachelor's or advanced degree in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other relevant quantitative discipline, or equivalent industry experience.
Have worked in a data science role for 5+ years professionally or academically and can talk about your projects and the techniques you used.
Have a strong fundamental understanding and deep experience with at least a few machine learning algorithms (e.g. regressions, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks).
Understand Bayesian modeling techniques.
Are capable of analyzing data and making rigorous statements about what can or cannot be concluded.
Have experience designing and implementing model performance/validation assessments.
Have a background in statistics and understand different distributions and the conditions under which they're valid.
Know how code and have used data science tools and packages.
Have demonstrated a measurable impact based on the models you've created. It's not always easy getting a model correct and we love talking about places we got stuck and working as a team to think through ideas that could unblock us.
Have a desire to ship features powered by data science (in other words, you're excited by both upfront research and actually getting models into production at cloud scale).

Get to know Klaviyo

Klaviyo is the world's leading owned marketing platform known for accelerating revenue for online businesses using the channels they own like email, web, and mobile. Enabling companies to leverage these owned marketing channels, Klaviyo makes it easy to store, access, analyze and use transactional and behavioral data to power highly-targeted customer and prospect communications. And unlike other marketing platforms, Klaviyo doesn't force companies to compromise between advanced functionality or ease of use - so companies of all sizes are able to maximize their sales quickly. That's why over 50,000 innovative companies like Unilever, Custom Ink and Eventbrite sell more with Klaviyo.",4.9,"Klaviyo
4.9","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
162,Sr Data Analyst,"$40k-$72k
(Glassdoor Est.)","WHAT YOU WILL DO IN THIS POSITION:

Performs independent analytical research to identify and resolve complex data issues, and support systems impacting NCCI’s data providers and NCCI products and services.Participates in the development and implementation of solutions to data quality problems.Position requires Subject Matter Expertise (SME) for specific system and/or data type support, and provides system support as needed for baseline, discretionary, and investment projects for the Data Resources division and in support of other division projects.

Leads resolution of complex data issues often impacting multiple data providers, systems, and processes.

Provides SME support to investment projects or systems changes – includes writing business requirements; creating test plans, test scripts and test data; and performing testing and post-production monitoring.

Oversees team processes (i.e., escalations, target carrier initiatives, training) and procedures manuals ensuring all are kept current.

Coordinates work processes, implementing process improvements and process changes across teams as needed.Maintain business partnerships with project leads in other divisions and develop process improvement joint strategies.

Provides quality control by reviewing the quality of work performed by team in resolving more complex issues. Provide support to assist Data Analysts with approach to their work.

WHAT YOU MUST BRING TO THE ROLE:

• Bachelor’s degree and 3 years’ experience in a service-oriented, financial and/or insurance related enterprise performing data analysis and a business operations or data management environment where primary work performed involves web-based or other business systems. (In lieu of a degree, 7 years’ relevant work experience as indicated above is required.)

• 1-year experience organizing, compiling and analyzing information using Microsoft Excel

• Experience using data standards, data layouts, databases, data viewing tools, and data reports to identify root cause of and resolve data issues

• Experience analyzing data issues impacting multiple data sources or databases to independently draw conclusions

• Experience developing systems flows, processes and procedures; delivering team training

• Experience creating test plans, test scripts, and test data; and executing test scripts

• Experience writing requirements for small systems changes

• Understands the use of metrics, trends and work monitoring to ensure completion of timely/quality work

• Experience leading team/business partner meetings

• Experience developing and maintaining technical documentation and team manuals

• Experience reviewing and providing feedback on the content of customer communications and manuals

• Experience leading efforts to improve team processes / providing input or suggestions on tactical issues

• Experience leading customer teleconferences to resolve issues – including agenda preparation /minutes

• Can effectively interface with higher–level staff / management on the customer side effectively

• Experienced preparing reports on systems / customer issues to be shared with a broad internal audience

• Proficient in Microsoft Office - Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access

WHAT WILL MAKE YOU A MORE VIABLE CANDIDATE:

• Knowledge of insurance, claims, or financial data

• Experience testing and writing requirements for web-based data viewing tools

• Experienced using data extract and/or systems testing tools

• Experienced developing reports to be used in data analysis processes

• Insurance Data Management Association (IDMA) certifications

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU:

·
A phenomenal work environment with perks which includes on-site fitness center, day care, restaurant and coffee shop, employee activities, and sports leagues

·
A wonderful team of fun, caring and friendly people to work with

·
A fantastic benefits package that’s hard to find in south Florida

We require a drug screen and background check.
EEO/Smoke Free environment",4.3,"NCCI Holdings
4.3","Boca Raton, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1923,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
163,Data Scientist,-1,"WHAT WE DO MATTERS:

Here at The Knot Worldwide, we believe in doing work that matters. In 15 countries around the world, our leading family of brands (The Knot, WeddingWire, Bodas, GigMasters, The Bump, How They Asked, Lasting, and more) inspire, inform, and celebrate our communities as they move through life's milestones. From the proposal to creating a home, and starting a family together, we're there for every step of the journey. Our couples and business partners depend on us. They're all in. So are we.

ABOUT THE ROLE AND OUR TEAM:

The Knot Worldwide is in search of a full-time Data Scientist. Our Data Scientists work with stakeholders across all departments within the company. They answer strategic questions and provide insight to internal decision makers ranging from executives and senior management to product managers and team leads. They also work with our product team to develop data driven algorithms that improve features on the website.

This opening is for our Marketplace zone which connects over 2 million engaged couples with +50,000 local wedding vendors (e.g. Venue, DJ, Florist, etc.) across the US each year. This position plays an essential role in solving complex problems across our two-sided marketplace in areas such as pricing, product strategy, and go-to-market optimization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create smarter product solutions for our couples and vendors
Answer strategic questions by analyzing behavioral data
Communicate, collaborate and present results to clients within The Knot Worldwide
Explore novel ways to look at our data
SUCCESSFUL DATA SCIENTIST CANDIDATES HAVE:
Master's Degree or Ph.D. preferred
Experience implementing auction based business models
Strong product experience
Proficiency in key statistical and machine learning techniques (predictive modeling, classification, clustering, text analytics, recommender systems , data mining methods, forecasting, and other advanced techniques)
Proficiency with R or Python
Familiarity with common Linux command line tasks and version control software like git or svn preferable
Ability to communicate effectively and influence others
Ability to work in a fast paced environment and shift gears quickly
At The Knot Worldwide, we believe you are more than a resume and invite you to go for it, take the leap of faith, and apply for this job if it sparks your passion to join TKWW and make a difference!

WHAT WE LOVE ABOUT YOU:
You Dream Big. You iterate and experiment to drive innovation.
You Love Our Users. You keep our global community at the center of everything you do.
You Respect All Voices. Inclusion strengthens us and powers your decisions.
You Hustle Every Day. You favor urgency and own your outcomes.
You Win Together. People are at the heart of our success and you play as a team.
WHAT YOU LOVE ABOUT US:

The Knot Worldwide offers a unique employee experience and we are deeply proud of our award-winning culture. From flexible vacation and generous parental leave benefits to promoting wellness and giving back to our community, we believe in happiness above all else—in and out of the office.

----

The Knot Worldwide provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, The Knot Worldwide complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. The Knot Worldwide expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

--

This position is not eligible for sponsorship.

--

If you are a resident of California, by submitting your application, you acknowledge that you've read the California Privacy Notice.",3.7,"The Knot Worldwide
3.7",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
164,Data Analyst,"$53k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Nexon, a world leader in online games, is building a workplace based on mutual respect, good humor, and the pursuit of excellence because we believe that great games can only be built by amazing people. Our vision is to create high quality, innovative online games that create unforgettable experiences for players around the world.

Nexon has an ever-expanding worldwide team of over 6,000 employees and boasts a diverse global portfolio that includes titles like MapleStory, Dungeon Fighter Online, KartRider and many more. If you want to be part of building an exciting game company and help chart the course of online gaming, let's talk!

Job Description

The Data Analyst is responsible for providing in-depth data mining and data analyses to multiple departments, with a focus on understanding our customers and identifying ways to improve the user experience within our games.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Identify, design, prioritize and develop data analyses to create unique business insights; perform detailed data exploration and validation to understand customers
Identify key analytic metrics; build reports and present key insights to ensure that data drives actions to improve the business; examine and analyze available information to determine patterns and gaps at a strategic level and recommend a course of action to support internal and external users
Research and analyze web and game usage data and recommend solutions; analyze user experience and business processes in order to identify opportunities for improvement
Document business needs, prioritize requested functionality, and validate requirements against strategic goals and project objectives
Provide reporting and performance monitoring by using data drawn from diverse sources
Other duties as assigned
Type of Decisions made by this position?
Analyze game data and make recommendations for improvement
Prioritize data requests
Documentation of the department's business needs
Work Experience
3+ years of experience in data analytics or a related field
2+ years of experience with analytics software such as Google Analytics
2+ years' experience with Marketing Intelligence Platforms such as Singular
Experience with data extraction and manipulation tools and Data Mining tools
Online gaming experience preferred
Education, Professional Training, Technical Training or Certification
Master's Degree preferred or Bachelor's degree with equivalent experience
Knowledge/Skills
Excellent knowledge of statistical analysis
Ability to extract data by writing your own SQL queries
Experience using Tableau or similar BI tools
Programming for data analysis (R or Python) preferred
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Able to manage shifting priorities in a fast-paced environment
Exceptional Excel and PowerPoint skills
Excellent time and project management skills
Management has the right to add or change duties and job requirements at any time.

Nexon's benefits and perks:

We offer medical, dental and vision plans for you, your spouse or domestic partner, and your children. Employees who enroll in the high deductible health plan receive an annual employer contribution to a health savings account and company paid hospital indemnity benefits. We also provide company-paid life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability benefits as well as access to voluntary life and AD&D for yourself and your dependents, flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) savings plan with a company match, and pet insurance. Nexies are encouraged to take advantage of our monthly wellness credit, participate in lunchtime yoga, and enroll in language classes. We host bi-monthly catered lunches, monthly happy hours, and maintain a well-stocked snack bar. To help you maintain a good work-life balance, we offer paid time off, sick days, company holidays, and a year-end break.

Nexon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

]]>",2.6,"Nexon America Inc
2.6","El Segundo, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$10+ billion (USD),-1
165,Scientist,"$79k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a highly motivated scientist to join the Discovery Immuno-Oncology group at Jounce Therapeutics. The successful candidate for this position will play a leading role within a team of scientists engaged in the discovery and testing of novel cancer immunotherapeutic biologics. Responsibilities include designing, developing, and conducting experiments aimed at identifying optimal therapeutic candidates, understanding the mechanism of action of our therapeutic molecules (mostly monoclonal antibodies), as well as playing a key team role in supporting a program from discovery to development. Management of one or more research associates is expected. The candidate must be capable of working across functional groups and communicating results with scientists from diverse backgrounds. The ideal candidate should be a highly motivated self-starter capable of working independently and as part of a team.
Responsibilities:
Manage and lead one or more research associates.
Provide both immuno-oncology guidance and technical expertise to a cross-functional team.
Lead the development and execution of a novel discovery program
Active management of experimental activities and delivery of data in accordance with program and corporate timelines.
Thorough documentation of experiments and communication of results across functional teams.
Drafting documents in support of regulatory filings.

Doctoral degree (PhD., M.D., M.D./Ph.D.) or equivalent in Immunology or Cancer Immunology, postdoctoral experience of 1-4 year, with industry experience a plus.
S/he will have a strong background in Immunology, with an excellent understanding of the role of immune cells in influencing cellular adaptive and innate immune responses, and experience working with biologics.
Extensive experience with in vitro and ex vivo immunological assays (multi-parameter flow cytometry, immune cell sorting and isolation, etc.)
Publications in top tier journals, and/or patents
Excellent organizational, communication and presentation skills
Strong interpersonal skills and a desire to bring novel therapeutics to patients is key
Able to thrive in a highly collaborative, fast-paced, team-oriented environment with colleagues from diverse disciplines but with the capacity to work independently.
Ability to think creatively and critically to make a measurable impact on projects is an important aspect of this role.
Additional Qualifications
Experience with in vivo, immune system-related mouse models and/or syngeneic mouse tumor models is advantageous.

Jounce Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, religion, creed, sex, or political beliefs. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package. All applicants should be legally entitled to work for any employer in the U.S.
To apply, please visit https://careers-jouncetx.icims.com/.

Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company dedicated to transforming the treatment of cancer by developing therapies that enable the immune system to attack tumors and provide long lasting benefits to patients through a biomarker-driven approach. Through the use of its Translational Science Platform, Jounce first focuses on specific cell types within the human tumor microenvironment to prioritize targets, and then identifies related biomarkers designed to match the right immunotherapy to the right patient. Jounce currently has four development-stage programs, two of which are clinical-stage: vopratelimab, a monoclonal antibody that binds to and activates ICOS, and JTX-4014, a PD-1 inhibitor intended for combination use with Jounce’s broader pipeline. Vopratelimab is currently being assessed in a Phase 2 clinical trial, EMERGE, and Jounce plans to initiate an additional Phase 2 biomarker trial using TISvopra for patient selection, SELECT, to assess vopratelimab in combination with JTX-4014. Jounce’s IND-enabling preclinical programs include JTX-8064, a LILRB2 receptor antagonist and JTX-1811, a monoclonal antibody designed to selectively deplete T regulatory cells in the tumor microenvironment. For more information, please visit www.jouncetx.com.",4.4,"Jounce Therapeutics
4.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
166,Data Scientist/ Analyst,"$70k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our Renewables Operations team in Houston, TX or Chicago, IL as a Renewable Generation Performance Engineer.

In this role, you will be responsible for support functions relating to solar generation facilities betterment, facilities efficiency of monitoring and reporting (via automation), plant performance measurements, and maintain supplier and service provider relationships as it relates to generation portfolio performance. This position reports directly to the Director Performance Monitoring & Analytics.

What you’ll do:
Help facilitate improvement / automation of operations and reporting tasks via SQL procedures, and other script languages.
Work with site engineers to monitor and evaluate equipment and system performance by examining and trending the results of condition-monitoring activities, reviewing equipment failures, analyzing availability/reliability information. Follow-up actions, based on identified problems, trends, and root cause determinations, are timely and effective.
Improve solar site performance by providing recommendations regarding availability, production and reliability issues/initiatives to Engie site and senior level management.
Lead standardization of operations and maintenance and engineering processes including reporting functions
Work with various internal and external groups including engineering and technical support personnel, site operating personnel and Engie global performance teams other teams in Asset Management.
Support the site in developing (RCA’s) for inverters, trackers, and panel faults and failures and work OEM ‘s to provide upgrades and develop implementation plans to remedy.
Manage solar equipment suppliers’ technical resources to ensure focus on priorities and achieve performance improvement targets by being ENGIE’s technical point of contact.
Support operational reviews, solar site commissioning, end of warranty inspections and procurement to ensure proper equipment selection and operation
Ability to travel for short term assignments as required.
Act as a team member with all employees of the solar sites and collaborate with members of the ENGIE team at other sites across various businesses.
Work multiple projects concurrently including supporting future business development projects.

Qualifications

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science required, computer credits certifications a plus.
Minimum two years of relevant experience.
Desired working knowledge of wind and/or solar power generation equipment, and applicable SCADA control and HMI systems.
Possess strong planning, scheduling and project management skills with the ability to plan and work independently.
Possess strong computer and analytical skills; ability to use and program databases (SQL, Python, Pearl, BASH). Expertise of Microsoft Office (excel pivot tables, advanced formula’s)
Expertise using VM environments like Virtual box, Azure and AWS.
Desired working knowledge of Linux.
Must have and be able to maintain a valid driver’s license.

Why ENGIE?
ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is more renewable, more efficient and more accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

ENGIE is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.

This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. All related inquiries must be communicated through Talent Acquisition and not directed to ENGIE North America Managers. Failure to follow the ENA process may result in nonpayment of agency fees.

Job
: Operations / Production sites
Primary Location
: North America-United States-Texas-Houston North America-United States-Illinois-Chicago
Organization
: ENA Renewables
Schedule
: Full-time
Nature of Responsibility
: Senior professionnal / Team leader

Job Posting
: Aug 28, 2020, 11:06:48 PM",3.7,"ENGIE North America Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
167,Medical Laboratory Scientist,"$17-$23 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.
Follows Hospital and department policies and procedures with special attention to attendance and punctuality, confidentiality, dress code and display of ID badge, and safety.
Completes mandatory education and training in order to maintain organization and department-specific competencies and requirements.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.
One year training in approved program with registry/certification at Medical Technologist/ Clinical Laboratory Scientist level (MLS or MT) or registry eligible.
OR
Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc.) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc.).

Languages:

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred upon hire, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).
Certification must be obtained within one year of hire.

Complexity of Work:

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None required.

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows Standard Precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Akron, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
168,"Data Scientist, Medical Diagnostics",-1,"_*The Company*_
The world is facing a medical crisis, bacteria are increasingly evolving resistance to even our strongest antibiotics. The problem is already very real and immediate; for example, bloodstream infection leading to sepsis is now responsible for more than half of all deaths in hospitals and is the most expensive condition treated in hospitals. Sepsis mortality rate increases >6% every hour without effective antibiotic treatment. Yet, despite the life and death urgency, and healthcare cost impacts, current methodologies require 3 days to determine the correct antibiotic.

Specific Diagnostics has developed a breakthrough solution to rapidly determine the effective antibiotic treatment for bloodstream and other acute infections. Used for bloodstream infection Specific’s solution provides results 2 days sooner than existing methods, saving patients suffering from drug-resistant infection.

We have been funded by nearly $30 M in non-dilutive government sponsored research support and recently $17.5 M in venture capital. This is an opportunity to join us at an inflection point in our commercial growth as we bring our first key product to market and with recognition from major customers fueling an expansion of our staff.
_The Job*_
_*_*This is the job for you if want to be where your ideas to be central to a world-changing and lifesaving product. Data science and analytics are at the core of our company we are seeking an exceptional talent to join our team. You will be a key contributor and critical to the success of the company. The main analysis tasks you are expected to contribute to are:
Analytical methods and statistical analysis for processing high-volume, temporal high-dimensional data streams generated in real-time from our proprietary sensor technology.
The development of data-driven visualization tools for the explorative analysis of high-dimensional data.
The application and development of suitable pre-processing, feature-selection and dimensional reduction techniques to detect, measure and account for data artifacts.
The development and validation of applications for a medical instrument built under the guidance of a senior manager experienced in the application development discipline (so you’ll be learning the valuable skill of integrating your work into applications for medical diagnostic devices).
Algorithm development for decisions and measurements from multi-dimensional data streams.
This is not the job for a numbers only person. We want someone with a passion for and experience in the sciences that will lead you to look deeply into the sources of the data along with the scientists so that the data analysis is influenced by the science of our diagnostic technology and the science is influenced by the analysis.
_You_*
You have a proven track record of successfully developing, validating and deploying data analysis and analytical methods to solve challenging real-world applications. You are deeply familiar with a broad range of analytical models and are at the pulse of developments in the field. Ideally you have proven expertise in the analysis of spatio-temporal data. You have a strong domain knowledge in the field of statistical analysis and signal processing. You should have a track record of success in your education and projects and have these characteristics and skills:
MS degree in computer sciences, biomedical engineering, or related field and at least 5 years of interesting relevant experience.
Expert in R and proficient with C++ and Python.
Expertise in analytical methods and statistical analysis.
Proficiency in SQL as well as NoSQL database technologies a plus.
Full fluency (verbal and written) of the English language is a must.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Experience:
relavent: 2 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",1.0,"Specific Diagnostics
1.0","Mountain View, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
169,"Data Scientist, Cloud Business Operations","$111k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","53303

About NetApp

NetApp provides software, systems, and services to manage, store and share data via on-premises, and private and public clouds to customers worldwide. NetApp is emerging as a leader in providing public cloud services on all major cloud platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft , and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). These cloud services, such as Cloud Volumes; Cloud Insights, Virtual Desktop Service, Global File Cache, SaaS backup, and Spot, avails customers to consider many more options on how and where to manage their critical workloads and data for optimal business and financial outcomes. The NetApp Public Cloud Services business unit is at the forefront of our effort to transform NetApp into a leader in the cloud market.
Job Summary
About the Position

This Cloud Business Operations Data Scientist will be the primary go to person for all of NetApp Public Cloud Services needs for analyzing tons of cloud services usage and billing data to derive intelligent business insights for enabling NetApp’s highest growth business. This person will be an expert in both understanding the data, as well as architecting and developing business logic and code to deliver automation in business intelligence. This is a highly technical role with deep understanding of Azure programming, R, SQL databases, visualization on Tableau, and scripting, along with years of experience in cloud services business operations. Knowledge of public cloud-based transactions on the top 3 cloud provider marketplaces (AWS, Azure and GCP) is a must, along with experience and understanding of integrations with internal systems for CRM, CPQ, Subscriptions Billing and Finance.

This role will coordinate with product management, IT and operations, and other NetApp functions including sales, marketing, and finance to understand, analyze and improve product pricing, SKU design, and transaction processing of our existing cloud offerings and upcoming innovations. This role will also act as the primary operations liaison between product management teams and business operations. The right person for this role has deep understanding of public cloud marketplace transaction processing, billing, metering, and revenue/usage reporting. This person also has extensive experience in dealing with cross-functional business requirements and engaging with key stakeholders at both the executive/VP level and with delivery teams.
Job Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Analyze usage and billing data from multiple sources to derive business intelligence
Develop business logic and write code to automate BI output
Design and develop visualization dashboards in Tableau
Understand public cloud marketplace transaction processes and provide guidance to business operations teams on implementation best practices
Leverage business insights to provide guidance to product management for pricing and transaction processing design
Skills and Qualifications
10+ years of experience working with various cloud providers, software vendors and/or consulting organizations
5+ years of experience in data analysis and business insights
5+ years of experience in Azure programming, R, SQL databases and Tableau
Understanding of enterprise cloud solutions and related technical offerings
Collaborative personality; comfortable working across many functions and teams, and engaging with senior executives
A creative go-getter who is full of ideas and can execute on those ideas in a fast-paced, demanding environment with excellent interpersonal and social skills
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.
Travel Required

20% (includes domestic and int.)
Education
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.

Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
Job Segment:
Operations Manager, Scientific, Database, Cloud, Operations, Engineering, Technology

Apply now »",3.8,"NetApp
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
170,Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Engineering at Postmates

We’re building groundbreaking tech solutions that power our revolutionary logistics platform to help connect millions of customers with their favorite merchants every day. We’re tackling some of the most complex technical challenges in the modern logistics space to unlock opportunities that positively impact the local businesses and communities we serve.

WHAT WE DO

Postmates relies heavily on our engineering team to realize this vision. Building a software platform that is reliable, scales, and stays agile under demanding product needs is a serious technical challenge. Postmates is a three-part balancing act connecting customers, merchants, and couriers in real-time. If any piece is out of whack, the whole system suffers. Working with the Postmates engineering team offers an opportunity with explosive growth, cutting-edge technology, a highly visible charter, and a cool user-focused product vision.

As a Data Scientist, you’ll use your full toolkit - statistical modeling, machine learning, data mining, data visualization, and software engineering - to develop data products and models that are used by millions of users and power the growth of our business. You will collaborate with a strong team of engineers, product managers and data analysts in defining the frontier of data products and models in the three-sided marketplace. Data scientists will work on how to formulate a model from a real business problem, determine evaluation metrics, evaluate different modeling approaches, conduct data analysis, and build features and algorithms for the various challenging problems at Postmates.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Modeling and forecasting demand and supply to enable more intelligent matching, optimize the overall marketplace efficiency and provide valuable insights to our merchants and Postmates
Large scale Machine Learning algorithms that powers our Search Ranking models and Personalized Recommendation Engine
Predicting the Postmates Delivery Time (PDT) and improving the dispatching algorithm
Determining the optimal pricing strategies to help our Postmates maximize their revenue
Identifying suspicious transactions and malicious users for risk control
Natural Language Processing to understand text content on Postmates platform, including named entity resolution and recognization of reviews, descriptions and interactions between users on our marketplace
OUR REQUIREMENTS
A Bachelor’s/Master’s degree (or higher) in a technical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent work experience required.
minimum of 3+ years of professional experience in Data Science or Applied Machine Learning required
A deep theoretical understanding of modern machine learning algorithms, statistical models, or optimization
Extensive experience with data tools, Python (Pandas, Scipy, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, etc), R, SAS, SQL, etc and strong skills in data analysis, data visualization, and feature engineering
Ability to own your modeling work from model development all the way to production deployment and beyond with minimal help from engineers
Strong communication skills; Explaining complex technical concepts to product managers, data analysts, and other engineers shouldn’t be a problem for you
OUR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive, HBase, Google BigQuery, and BigTable
Experience with ML frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Spark MLlib, XGBoost, and Scikit-Learn
A bit about us
Postmates is changing delivery for good. While you may know us as the clever brand loved by celebrities and millennials, we are so much more. We are industry-first leaders in the modern logistics space, creating groundbreaking tech products that positively impact millions of customers, merchants and gig-economy workers as well as the underserved in the communities where we work. How will you help us change delivery for good?

Benefits
Postmates has your back. In our impact-first work environment, we value huge company vision. As you strive to build the future with us, we’ll support you with a competitive rates and equity plan, along with access to our 401k plan and robust benefits including: health benefits, flexible paid time off, parental benefits, and food perks.

Postmates is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants at Postmates are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.",3.4,"Postmates
3.4","Bellevue, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Express Delivery Services,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
171,Data Analyst,"$38k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Big Huge Games is looking for a qualified Data Analyst to help provide data insights to our games teams and upcoming BHG titles to assist them in making successful strategic and game direction decisions. This role works closely with our Product and Design teams to structure quantitative questions, gather player data, employ statistical methodology in analysis of the data, and construct insightful reporting and visualizations to communicate those results to the wider team.

Responsibilities
Provide reports and monitoring tools to assist team in daily game health assessment
Perform in-depth analysis of game metrics to inform and support both short and long-term product direction decisions
Communicate the results of analyses to the product team, game studio, and outside partners through data visualization and presentations
Qualifications
3-5 years experience with querying large complex data sets with SQL on relational databases
Several years experience performing quantitative analysis preferably with a games, web, or technology focus
High level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Excel, or equivalent
Passion for problem solving, from generating insightful questions to research, through presentation of results and follow-on steps
Track record of success working in fast-paced environments with shifting priorities and deadlines
Ability to work in both individual and team settings
Excellent organizational, communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or another quantitative field
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About Big Huge Games:

Big Huge Games is a small, passionate team led by experienced game development veterans, proudly located just north of Baltimore, MD, who are excited about the rise of touchscreen platforms. We believe in hiring talented team members who enjoy working in a fun and positive environment.

The company was founded in March of 2013 by Brian Reynolds (Civilization II, Rise of Nations, FrontierVille) and a group of longtime collaborators. Big Huge Games is dedicated to ""Finding The Fun"" through rapid prototyping and a focus on great user experience.

In July 2015 we launched our first game, DomiNations, which was awarded “Editors Choice” in the app store and continues to be successful with audiences across the globe. In 2016 we were acquired by our publisher, Nexon, and now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary, allowing us the stability of a larger studio but the feel of a smaller, indie game team.

Our goals are simple: Make great games, strive to always be improving, and live up to the motto you gotta have fun to make fun.

This a full-time position onsite at our studio in Timonium, MD.
Due to the circumstances surrounding COVID19 positions will begin remote before transitioning to onsite.

Applicants should download DomiNations on iOS or Android and be prepared to discuss the game.",4.9,"Big Huge Games
4.9","Timonium, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Video Games,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
172,Data Scientist,"$59k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist, St. Louis, MO

***No c2c or sponsorship, must be our W2 employee***

Required Skills / Experience:

• MS in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, animal/plant breeding, or closely-related field with at least 1 year of industry experience

• Strong code development experience with R and Python for 3+ year

• Strong object-oriented programming (OOP) and design experience

• Strong in SQL and experience with big data ecosystem

• Experience with coding best practices, version control and documentation

• Problem solver and analytical thinking

• Commitment to ensuring data quality and accuracy and attention to detail

• Strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts.

• Strong organizational, interpersonal skills with proven ability to communicate complex qualitative analysis in clear, concise, and precise manner.

Desired Skills / Experience:

• PhD in computer science, machine learning, statistics, genetics, animal/plant breeding, or closely-related field

• Experience with AWS, docker and other automation tools

• Experience with workflow orchestration

• Knowledge of plant breeding and genomic prediction

• Experience with web development",4.5,"Envision LLC
4.5","Saint Louis, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
173,Data Engineer,"$65k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

Alignment Healthcare was founded with a mission to revolutionize health care with a serving heart culture. Through its unique integrated care delivery models, deep physician partnerships and use of proprietary technologies, Alignment is committed to transforming health care one person at a time.

By becoming a part of the Alignment Healthcare team, you will provide members with the quality of care they truly need and deserve. We believe that great work comes from people who are inspired to be their best. We have built a team of talented and experienced people who are passionate about transforming the lives of the seniors we serve. In this fast-growing company, you will find ample room for growth and innovation alongside the Alignment community.

Position Summary:
Alignment Healthcare is a data and technology driven healthcare company focused partnering with health systems, health plans and provider groups to provide care delivery that is preventive, convenient, coordinated, and that results in improved clinical outcomes for seniors.

We are experiencing rapid growth (backed by top private equity firms), our Data Services and BI team is looking for the best and brightest leaders. Data drives the way we make decisions. We love our customers and understanding them better makes it possible to provide the best clinical outcome and care experience.

This position will play a key role in building and operating a cloud-based data platform and its pipelines using big data technologies.

As a Data Engineer, you will develop a new data engineering platform that leverage a new cloud architecture, and will extend or migrate our existing data pipelines to this architecture as needed. You will also be assisting with integrating the SQL data warehouse platform as our primary processing platform to create the curated enterprise data model for the company to leverage. You will be part of a team building the next generation data platform and to drive the adoption of new technologies and new practices in existing implementations. You will be responsible for designing and implementing the complex ETL pipelines in cloud data platform and other solutions to support the rapidly growing and dynamic business demand for data, and use it to deliver the data as service which will have an immediate influence on day-to-day decision making.

General Duties/Responsibilities:

(May include but are not limited to)
Interfacing with business customers, gathering requirements and developing new datasets in data platform
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Identifying the data quality issues to address them immediately to provide great user experience
Extracting and combining data from various heterogeneous data sources
Designing, implementing and supporting a platform that can provide ad-hoc access to large datasets
Modelling data and metadata to support machine learning and AI
Minimum Requirements:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Experience:
3+ years relevant experience in cloud based data engineering.
Demonstrated ability in data modeling, ETL development, EDI Development and data warehousing.
Data Warehousing Experience with SQL Server, Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, etc.
Experience with Big Data Technologies (NoSQL databases, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, Elasticsearch etc.)
Experience in using Python, .net, Java and/or other data engineering languages
Knowledge and experience of SQL Server and SSIS.
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions
Education/Licensure:
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field
Other:
Excellent communication, analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills
Requires Spark and Scala
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Preferred
Healthcare domain and data experience
Healthcare EDI experience is a plus
API development experience is a plus
Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets.
Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets
Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources
Experience leading large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using Azure or AWS technologies – SQL Server, Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline, Data Lake, Data Factory and other big data technologies
Experience providing technical leadership and mentor other engineers for the best practices on the data engineering space
Linux/UNIX including to process large data sets.
Experience with Azure, AWS or GCP is a plus
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in an agile, dynamic startup environment
Problem solving skills and Ability to meet deadlines are a must
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Python and Java are a plus,
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions preferred
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Essential Physical Functions:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee regularly is required to stand, walk, sit, use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; and reach with hands and arms.
The employee frequently lifts and/or moves up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Alignment Healthcare, LLC is proud to practice Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disable/Protected Veteran.
If you require any reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in completing the online application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please contact careers@ahcusa.com.
(function() { var ac = document.createElement('script'); ac.type = 'text/javascript'; ac.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://') + 'click.appcast.io/pixels/grpeople1-1573.js?ent=8&t=' + new Date().getTime(); var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ac, s); })();",3.5,"Alignment Healthcare
3.5","Orange, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
174,Data Engineer,"$86k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Data Engineer to provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The candidate will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Skills Requirements:
The successful candidate should have experience with scripting in Python and using Nifi. Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS is preferred or willingness to learn.
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality.
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS. Ability to communicate analysis to experts and lay persons alike.
Years of Experience: Minimum of 3 years experience.

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's degree in computer science, geography, or related field.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems
4.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
175,Senior Health Data Analyst I,"$74k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Health Data Analyst contributes to the overall success of the organization by developing analytic solutions that support activities related to health services utilization management, care coordination, quality improvement and population health. Through analyzing patient claims, member enrollment, and other data, the Senior Health Data Analyst participates in identifying progress, performance and opportunities for improvement on programs, quality of care, patient experience, and other metrics. The Senior Health Data Analyst requires a thorough understanding of healthcare data and workflows, combined with an extensive experience creating large data sets, conducting statistical data analysis (SAS), and using BI tools (Tableau).

Works closely with other members of the Health Analytics team, as well as the Financial Analytics and Data Warehouse teams to gather key data from various internal and external systems.
Creates data sets, extracts and synthesizes data; conducts and interprets quantitative analyses.
Prepares a variety of reports, including statistical analyses and dashboards that allow key stakeholders to make informed business decisions based on data.
Assists in design and development of data collection strategies, aggregation, analysis, and reporting to ensure data integrity and enhance information value.
Generates a quality work product, presentable for content and audience, in a timely manner while maintaining strong attention to detail.
Manages and prioritizes workload while meeting deliverables and expectations.
Works autonomously and collaboratively with report requestors, providing guidance to define report requirements and validate results.
Works collaboratively across departments to understand and meet analytic needs.
Researches and recommends areas for improvement of data quality and reporting.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of health plan operations, including claims processing, utilization management, quality improvement activities and pay for performance programs
Documents report processes/logic and actively engages in department’s documentation efforts to improve knowledge base of team.
SECONDARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs other assigned or needed activities required to assure success of the organization.
Participates in special projects as needed.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree with concentration in health informatics, health administration, public health, computing, epidemiology, statistics or related field, Master’s degree preferred. Minimum four (4) years of experience in data analysis and reporting.
Special Skills, Licenses and Certifications
Knowledge of major health plan operations: healthcare claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Excellent knowledge of data collection, analysis, statistics and data presentation with experience in data mining techniques and procedures. Experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets. Experience working with administrative data, ideally health care data. Understanding of health data formats including claims, lab and pharmacy. Knowledge of clinical coding systems (e.g., ICD9, ICD10, CPT). Proficiency in inferential and predictive statistical analysis. Proficiency in business software applications such as Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, SAS, and Tableau.
Performance Based Competencies
Must demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to clearly communicate complex information to diverse audiences. Ability to communicate data needs to various customers (internal and external) in order to compile and produce necessary reports. Excellent analytical, problem solving, investigative and research ability. Ability to work in a team environment, take and give direction, follow through with tasks and projects, compromise, negotiate and achieve consensus decisions, support consensus decisions, be flexible and adaptable to changes in assignments and the work environment, work independently, manage time efficiently and multi-task effectively. Ability to make decisions that require significant analysis and investigation with solutions requiring critical thinking. Ability to quickly acquire in-depth knowledge of various systems related to claims processing, membership, provider, and benefits at PHC. Ability to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner. Ability to interpret and understand technical requirements. Must be highly organized and proficient at multi-tasking. Must be willing and able to provide gracious assistance to users, providers, and other constituents of PHC.
Work Environment And Physical Demands
More than 50% of work time is spent at a video display terminal. May be required to bend, stoop, kneel, crawl, or work in other non-standing and non-sitting positions to install cabling, systems hardware, and other related equipment.
All HealthPlan employees are expected to:
Provide the highest possible level of service to clients;
Promote teamwork and cooperative effort among employees;
Maintain safe practices; and
Abide by the HealthPlan’s policies and procedures, as they may from time to time be updated.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER NOTICE
The job duties, elements, responsibilities, skills, functions, experience, educational factors and the requirements and conditions listed in this job description are representative only and not exhaustive or definitive of the tasks that an employee may be required to perform. The employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require employees to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business, competitive considerations, or work environment change.",3.5,"Partnership HealthPlan of California
3.5","Fairfield, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
176,Data Scientist,"$120k-$140k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description:

Quartet is a pioneering healthcare technology company striving to improve the lives of people with mental health conditions. We connect people to a personalized care team to get them the right care at the right time. Our collaborative technology platform and range of services brings together physicians, mental health providers, and insurance companies to effectively improve patient outcomes and drive down healthcare costs. Backed by $153MM in venture funding from top investors like Oak HC/FT, GV (formerly Google Ventures), F-Prime Capital Partners, Polaris Partners, Centene Corporation and Echo Ventures. Quartet is headquartered in NYC and is currently operating in several markets across the United States Pennsylvania, Washington, Northern California, New Jersey, North Carolina, Louisiana, and Illinois.

About the team & opportunity:

As a Data Scientist at Quartet, you will work on a range of projects -- developing statistical analyses to study impact of Quartet interventions; predicting mental health needs among populations; building machine learning models to suggest timely and appropriate behavioral health care interventions for patients. You'll develop a deep understanding of Quartet interventions and the predictive models and algorithms.

You will design and develop effective models, features, and algorithms involving multiple datasets, including user activity, Electronic Health Records (EHR), admissions, discharges and transfers (ADT), medical claims, pharmacy claims, and lab test claims. Leverages knowledge of computer science, machine learning, data mining and software architecture to build high-quality data products. Supports the design of Quartet products, including: an entity resolution and de-duplication library for linking patients and providers data, which is collected from multiple sources; a machine learning application for the detection of opioid use disorder in patients using supervised learning and deep learning; and an optical mark recognition (OMR) computer vision application for transcribing paper assessments.

Accountabilities:
Research and develop machine-learning and statistical models in Quartet Health's platform to improve software personalization and recommendations for users
Drives a data-informed process for experimenting with new products to improve patient outcomes and operational efficiency.
Performing ML research, exploratory data analysis, and computer-vision modeling; developing model evaluation and online maintenance methodologies, including confidence estimation, calibration, and concept drift
Develop general-purpose frameworks to support machine learning applications in production.
Minimum Qualifications:
2-3 years experience as a data scientist.
Formal training in statistics and computer science.
Knowledge of mathematical fundamentals: probability theory, linear algebra and statistics.
Strong data transformation and extraction skills with SQL databases.
Strong statistical programming skills in both Python and R.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with Amazon Web Services infrastructure.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with Linux command line.
Comfort/self-sufficiency with git for version control.
Ability to work on projects from initial to final phase- beginning by defining a problem, developing an implementation plan, and overseeing deployment and maintenance.
Ability to clearly communicate across disciplines and work collaboratively.
Experience with any of the following: Docker, TensorFlow, Keras, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Gensim, Scikit-learn, NLKT, Jupyter
Employee Benefits for Quartet include: Unlimited vacation, volunteer opportunities, team events, mental healthcare coverage of 15 free therapy sessions + unlimited copay reimbursements, medical, dental + vision coverage, generous parental and military leave, commuter benefits, 401K, and stock option grants.

Want to know what Quartet life is like? Click here to meet our team.

Quartet is committed to building a diverse team and fostering an inclusive culture, and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We embrace and encourage our employees' differences in race, religion, color, national origin, gender, family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, medical conditions, and other characteristics. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Quartet does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Quartet will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Quartet.

Please note: Quartet interview requests and job offers only originate from quartethealth.com email addresses (e.g. jsmith@quartethealth.com). Quartet will also never ask for bank information (e.g. account and routing number), social security numbers, passwords, or other sensitive information to be delivered via email. If you receive a scam email or wish to report a security issue involving Quartet, please notify us at: security@quartethealth.com.

Have someone to refer? Email talent@quartethealth.com to submit their details to us.",3.7,"Quartet Health
3.7","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
177,Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist,"$79k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Maxar is looking for a Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist join our team in Northern VA. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to the prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Geospatial Programmers with analytic teams in order to create custom-tailored web apps.

Life with Us
Project: Were improving upon models that use Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) to search for and identify objects. You would be the leader in this effort to design a scalable cloud-based solution and turn it into a real-world solution.

Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor, and/or a mentor, to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be developing and enhancing a geospatial app and the supporting infrastructure. This app is used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:

Building and training Deep Learning models to accurately identify specified objects.

Accessing large and various data sets

Working with multiple mission partners to identify and evaluate data sources.

We work in a very Lean-Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum. Weve eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it!

We work together with our govt. stakeholders in their spaces in a very free-flowing and technology-forward environment.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph

Bachelor's degree in a related field, e.g. Computer Science, Systems Engineering, etc.

8 years of relevant experience

Recent experience with some of the following technologies:
AWS: EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, Cloudfront

Programming and Data Science Tools: Python or Java & experience using PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar Machine Learning packages

Experience building and training ML computer vision models, classification or object detection

Understanding of methods for labeling training data for Machine Learning models

Experience in data engineering and methods to handle large quantities of data for Machine Learning

Linux Terminal

Preferred Skills:
Willingness to learn new tasks and tools

Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) Pipeline techniques and tools

Experience in building and publishing anaconda packages

Experience performing AI/ML projects in a cloud environment

Experience in model deployment for enterprise applications

Experience leading other developers

Strong interpersonal skills.

Exposure to GIS technologies, e.g. PostGIS, Esri ArcGIS Enterprise

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","Chantilly, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
178,Sr Data Analyst,"$52k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position location: Lake Mary, FLor Blue Bell, PA

Position Summary
The Senior Data Analyst drives pharma client analytics solutions for United BioSource Corporation (UBC), supporting many of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to improve patient lives, support drug safety programs, and help manage new Clinical studies.

Responsibilities

· Build and continually improve Tableau dashboard offerings for business partners.

· Monitor and analyze business performance, providing targeted dashboards and recommendations for operational improvement.

· Serve as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for business data, systems and processes under team’s area of support.

· Write and edit SQL code to ensure data is pulled optimally.

Required Qualifications

· BS in a technical field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, IS, Computer Science, etc).

· Advanced SQL skills.

· Advanced dashboard design skills, including 2+ years of experience with a dashboard toolset (Tableau, Qlik, Domo, Birst, etc).

· 2+ years of data analysis experience.

· Excellent communication and presentation ability.

· Excellent project management skills.

· Highly self-motivated.

Preferred Qualifications

· MS in a Data-related field (BI, Analytics, Data Science, etc).

· Expert-level SQL skills

· Expert-level Tableau skills.

· Advanced R skills.

· Healthcare (ideally pharma) experience.

·Minimal travel is required (",2.5,"United BioSource
2.5","Blue Bell, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2003,Other Organization,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
179,Data Analyst,"$44k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Join our Operations Improvement team as a Performance Improvement Coordinator with a focus on data analysis. This is a full-time position with the availability to work remotely.

Work Schedule: Typically, M-F, day shift hours. Specific hours to be discussed and agreed upon with hiring leader. In addition, there may occasionally be evening and/or weekend hours, based on business needs that arise.

Why Join Ascension?
In Michigan, Ascension operates 16 hospitals and hundreds of related healthcare facilities that together employ over 20,000 associates. Across the state, Ascension Michigan is working together to help bring patients more resources and better care. Ascension Michigan is also committed to its community; it provided over $272 million in community benefit and care of persons living in poverty in FY2018. Ascension Michigan is dedicated to spiritually centered, holistic care which sustains and improves the health of individuals and communities.
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.
Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension-Michigan, you will have the opportunity to organize and coordinate performance improvement program activities and workflow.

Responsibilities:
Collaborates with multidisciplinary team on problem identification and resolution, cost containment issues, implementation of new services and systems/ performance measures.
Researches, develops/acquires and implements improvement systems, methodologies and tools to improve operations.
Collaborates with Leaders to develop and revise screening indicators.
Provides on-site training and follow-up for performance improvement teams.
Performs regulatory documentation preparation, submission, and maintenance. Ensures compliance with regulatory and accreditation requirements.
Assists in policy, procedure and contract review process. Coordinates quality improvement initiatives.
What You Will Need

Education:
Diploma
High school diploma or GED required.
Bachelor's degree preferred in analysis areas (biostatistics, statistics, applied mathematics, epidemiology, etc)
Preferred Experience:
Experience with database setup and administration.
Understand data storage and data sharing methods.
Compile and organize healthcare data.
Analyze data to assist in delivering optimal healthcare management and decision making.
Investigate data to find patterns and trends and make recommendations for quality improvements
Understand healthcare business operations.
Fluent in coding languages, such as R or SQL.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension Michigan is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, veteran status or any other legally protected status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. The information requested on this application will not be used for any purpose prohibited by law. If you require assistance or an accommodation to complete this application, please let us know.

For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
M/F/Disabled/Vet
EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf
Reasonable Accommodation
Ascension Michigan provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: reasonableaccommodations@stjohn.org. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Ascension Michigan will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Thank you for considering a career with Ascension Michigan.
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension Michigan participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Warren, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
180,"Data Scientist, Business Operations - Austin","$78k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data everyday and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve buy and live in their dream home on our realtor.com website and mobile apps.

We seek a Data Scientist to join our monetization data science team and help take it to the next level. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for the development of innovative concepts, research, predictive modeling, and machine learning algorithms.

Responsibilities:
Understand the business and data models to effectively query data
Effectively partner with product and engineering teams to build new data driven and machine learning based features for enriching the consumer experience of home shoppers, renters and sellers.
Perform exploratory analysis on realtor.com's wealth of data.
Develop predictive, explanatory models and machine learning algorithms.
Create automated learning systems that gracefully scale to increasing complexity and expectation.
Design and build data science solutions to drive revenue growth, customer retention and support strategic decision making.
Generate descriptive visualizations and presentations to communicate insights.
Drive A/B & multivariate tests and design of experiments to facilitate testing of new product and design features, with focus on improving engagement, retention, and conversion.
Help improve the scope of our data sets by identifying new data collection and procurement opportunities on an ongoing basis.
Work with a sense urgency, advocate for experimentation based, agile culture.
Drive a project forward given moderate oversight.
Requirements:
PhD/MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research or related fields and 2+ years of experience or a BS in related fields with 4+ years of experience.
2+ years of relevant experience in data science, machine learning or applied statistics.
Experience with Machine Learning, NLP and data mining tools and underlying algorithms.
Experienced in Python, R, Spark or other languages and frameworks appropriate for large scale analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Experience with Docker and AWS and taking a prototype into production.
Working experience with relational databases (SQL) and large scale distributed systems.
Experience with experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests.
Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
about realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.",2.8,"realtor.com
2.8","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
181,Data Analyst II,"$53k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst II.

Job Summary:

Responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies. Identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools (e.g. SQL, Access) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes. Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection/processing/cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models/algorithms and data visualization techniques. Incumbents in this role may often be referred to as Data Scientists.

Responsibilities:
Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analysis and report preparation.
Commands knowledge of data elements across the enterprise and industry – definitions, lineage and usage
Executes creation of tabular operational reports and aggregation reports with medium to high complexity.
Commands intermediate to expert level t-SQL coding proficiency
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Responsible for documenting metadata, data lineage, data definitions and business glossary entries.
Handles basic data transformation tasks such as date and decimal formatting, rounding of numeric values, and conversion of numeric values to percentages.
Has intermediate to expert level SSIS ETL build proficiency
Works with Data stewards to enforce adherence to standards for enhancements and new repositories.
Handles more complicated report requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing (e.g. Fibonacci or similar) and trend analysis.
Can deduce portfolio or market trends from reports or chart analysis.
Understands business logic for aggregation and analysis services.
Can perform data transformation and can produce dimensional reports
Can perform basic data profiling activities, understands cardinality
Helps to define guidelines for data management, governance and reporting
May direct day-to-day work of employees, but will not typically have formal management role.
Individual at this level is expected to use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts.
Individual would be expected to contribute to work flow or process change and redesign and to form a strong basic understanding of the specific product or process.
Qualifications:
Typically exhibits strong executional capabilities and is beginning to take on more responsibility.
Primary focus is on execution within defined parameters, with some expansion based on developing capabilities and or experiences. In partnership with more experienced staff.
Minimum of 5 years of experience.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics (or similar) or equivalent work experience
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online.",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Ewing, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
182,DATA SCIENTIST,"$62k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Job Description
Type of Opportunity: Full Time
FTE: 1.000000
Exempt: Yes
Work Schedule: Days

Summary:
Develop innovative & sophisticated analytics models in concert with other Directors within the Analytics Organization (AO) and in partnership with IT to support analytics/reporting needs of business leaders & fellow colleagues for the real time business decision making. Support optimization and enhancement of existing analytical models utilized by the PHS across the AO. Support development and testing of analytical prototypes and contribute to analytical solutions best practices. Develop the communication strategies and transitioning of solutions to other teams within the AO. Responsible for guiding, mentoring and supporting fellow junior scientist and other analytical talent across the AO.

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities:
Provide support in creating/coding, designing and testing pilot data-driven predictive/descriptive analytical models for PHS.to solve business problems leveraging the latest and most appropriate technologies in statistical modeling and machine learning
Ability to work in a diverse team setting across the AO to develop, refine and scale data management and analytics procedures, systems, workflows, best practices and other issues.
Assist in risk identification and mitigation planning and communicate to analytical senior leadership of any issues/escalations & risks
Support management of multi-tasking, achieving milestones, deadlines, and maintaining customer relationships
Support and assist healthcare reporting/analytics system implementations throughout the project life-cycle, performing workflow analysis, testing, training, go-live, system upgrades and issues management in partnership with IT
Ability and experience to deal with very granular data available through various data storage platform (e.g., Hadoop) and summarize, interpret and translate the findings to the leadership promoting data-driven strategic decision making
Design and test structured data and algorithms to support clinical, operational and financial data analysis using advanced data-driven analytical methods from statistics, data mining, econometrics, and operations research
Design models for investigations of various acute/chronic clinical and/or operational and/or financial areas, including hypotheses generation and creating an analysis plan with appropriate primary and secondary data required, and evaluate results of the analysis and interpret conclusions, taking into consideration bias/data limitations as well as performing any specialized analysis required
Create and test optimization algorithms, forecasting and predictive models for patient level outcomes, utilization management, and overall medical services
Support design, build and test of population scoring, stratification and segmentation based on predicted risk of adverse utilization/clinical and financial outcomes
Synthesize findings and conclusions including efficacy of existing programs as well as incremental impact of new care inventions and interventions; design and institute appropriate metrics to assess progress vs. projected impact.
Routinize advanced analytical and reporting methods and techniques for broader use of the AO community
Work with large and complex datasets to derive and validate predictive models across clinical, operational and financial areas
Collaborate and partner with management, project managers, and IT to identify cases that can benefit from predictive analytics and other advanced statistical techniques
Visualize, interpret, report, and communicate data findings creatively in a various formats and audiences
Support advanced analytical and data mining efforts which could include but not limited to clustering, segmentation, logistic and multivariate regression, decision/CART trees, neural networks, time-series analysis, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, random forests, and Bayesian analysis
Support collaboration with other analytics stakeholder to define, gather requirements and build a pilot prototype BI tools
Provide support in designing and development of reusable analytical assets (data structures, code, solutions); test and improvise improvements to existing assets; and conduct evaluation of the suitability and value of potential new assets
Assist in developing training material and provide hands-on mentoring to analytical talent on the appropriate use and interpretation of new analytical models, integration of these models into existing business analyses as well as assure, maintain and improve efficiency and quality; validate work product of peers across the AO
Assist with the preparation of documents/publications and presentation materials describing analytic methods, observations and findings in the AO area
Contribute towards and assist Informaticists leadership in developing a year-end value story to demonstrate value of the team and their contribution to progress towards the AOs and PHSs goals.
Qualifications:

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Press Ganey Patient Experience Survey
Experience with Epic Cogito, including Clarity Data Model
Experience in healthcare analytics
Other information:
Bachelors degree in an econometrics, physics, biostatistics, computer science, applied mathematics, engineering or any other quantitative related subject area. A Masters or a Ph.D. is highly preferred. Four or more years of related business intelligence, statistical/mathematical, predictive modeling along with the business strategy experience required. Understanding of natural language processing, machine learning, conceptual modelling and hypothesis testing as well as relational database management systems (Oracle, Teradata, SQL Server, DB2 etc.) Knowledge of healthcare industry and healthcare information standards such as HL7, LOINC, FHIR, ICD 9/10 and CPT codes, industry standard groupers (e.g., ETGs, DRGs, DCGs, etc.) as well as of the health care delivery system processes. Experience in big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Storm, R, Python, SQL, no-SQL databases, database analytics and graph databases is a PLUS. Adept in using BI tools (e.g., Business Objects/BO, Cognos), data visualizations tools (e.g., Tableau), statistical software such as SAS and general health service research and reporting/analytics. Working knowledge of extract transform and loading (ETL), data cleaning, data normalization/mapping and business process management (BPM) is expected. Experience in mathematical modeling skills including but not limited to classification, regression, survival analysis, recommender systems, experimentation systems (A/B testing), hypothesis testing and supporting development of mathematical algorithms.

Benefits:

Benefits
Benefits are effective day-one (for .45 FTE and above) and include:

Competitive salaries
Full medical, dental and vision insurance
Flexible spending accounts (FSAs)
Free wellness programs
Paid time off (PTO)
Retirement plans, including matching employer contributions
Continuing education and career development opportunities
Life insurance and short/long term disability programs

About Us
Presbyterian Healthcare Services is a locally owned, not-for-profit healthcare system of nine hospitals, a statewide health plan and a growing multi-specialty medical group. Founded in New Mexico in 1908, it is the state's largest private employer with approximately 11,000 employees.

Presbyterian's story is really the story of the remarkable people who have chosen to work here. Starting with Reverend Cooper who began our journey in 1908, the hard work of thousands of physicians, employees, board members, and other volunteers brought Presbyterian from a tiny tuberculosis sanatorium to a statewide healthcare system, serving more than 700,000 New Mexicans.

We are part of New Mexico's history - and committed to its future. That is why we will continue to work just as hard and care just as deeply to serve New Mexico for years to come.

About New Mexico
New Mexico's unique blend of Spanish, Mexican and Native American influences contribute to a culturally rich lifestyle. Add in Albuquerque's International Balloon Fiesta, Los Alamos' nuclear scientists, Roswell's visitors from outer space, and Santa Fe's artists, and you get an eclectic mix of people, places and experiences that make this state great.

Cities in New Mexico are continually ranked among the nation's best places to work and live by Forbes magazine, Kiplinger's Personal Finance, and other corporate and government relocation managers like Worldwide ERC.

New Mexico offers endless recreational opportunities to explore, and enjoy an active lifestyle. Venture off the beaten path, challenge your body in the elements, or open yourself up to the expansive sky. From hiking, golfing and biking to skiing, snowboarding and boating, it's all available among our beautiful wonders of the west.

AA/EOE/VET/DISABLED. PHS is a drug-free and tobacco-free employer with smoke free campuses.

KM123",3.7,"Rev Hugh Cooper Admin Center
3.7","Albuquerque, NM",-1,10000+ Employees,1908,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
183,Data Science Software Engineer,"$65k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Schneider organization is seeking an experienced Data Science Software Engineer to be responsible for the creation of tools and applications that enable complex Advanced Analytics solutions within the enterprise. You will create conceptual prototypes to test new concepts, develop advanced analytics systems to solve challenging business problems, and deploy these tools and systems into the business and monitor their effectiveness and usefulness. You will also research the use of purchased and open-source technologies and concepts that support the creation of tools and systems for use by technical and non-technical users.

About the role:
Provide expert technical guidance in project working groups. Will frequently be asked to lead technical project discussions.
Gather requirements, design, develop, test, implement, and support applications developed across various development environments and in various languages.
Work with the Engineering team to develop and apply heuristics and mathematical concepts, such as natural language processing (NLP), simulation, optimization, machine learning, and statistical models to business problems. Develops state-of-the-art advanced analytics solutions for complex business problems.
Create prototype applications for complex solutions to implement approved concepts, actively guides and monitors the prototype when deployed to key users, transitions the prototype into a production system and provides production-support after implementation.
Follow appropriate development methodologies while developing applications.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Our ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field, plus a minimum of 5 years of IT work experience in systems analysis, designing, programming, system admin, implementation and maintenance of applications within an application domain; or the equivalent.
Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.
Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.
Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.
Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.
Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.
Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.

Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com/.
Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
184,Senior Data Scientist,"$135k-$145k
(Employer Est.)","About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.",3.9,"GutCheck
3.9","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
185,Machine Learning Engineer,"$65k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description
This role will be part of our Applied Data Team and will be responsible for providing Machine Learning Engineering support.
Tasks & responsibilities required of this role include but are not limited to:
Construct machine learning models including data collection, normalization, and standardization, data pipeline construction, model selection and hyperparameter tuning, working ml systems that can add new data into ml model.
Create apps to present ml models and host them in the cloud or locally.
Create pipelines to query and retrieve and update data for existing applications to keep them updated
Supervise the scaling and management of the machine learning modeling ecosystem
Find orthogonal data sets to supplement models and increase alpha
Stay abreast of new technology and machine learning methodologies and implement them into the model building architecture
Work alongside (re)insurance domain experts to improve predictive aspects of their lines of business
Requirements:
3+ years of demonstrative excellence in building, scaling, and productizing machine learning models
Experience working with sparse, high dimensional, and time series data
Python ml stack
Experience dealing with imbalanced classes
Deep Learning Architectures
ML Optimization Techniques
Cloud Services: Azure, AWS, Google Cloud
Distributed systems: Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark
Databricks
Ensemble Stacking and Meta Learners
Classification and Regression Metrics
Regularization Methods
Version Control
Quant trading experience welcome but not required
Kaggle ranking of expert or higher a plus",3.5,"TransRe
3.5","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
186,Senior Finance Data Analyst,"$81k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Qualys is seeking a Senior Finance Data Analyst with a strong experience in data management and financial reporting and systems. Responsibilities include establishing and maintaining Master Data standards and items within the Qualys systems and monitoring and validating the integrity of data as well as supporting corrective actions related to variances to standard. He/she will also help maintain systems and manage information used for financial administration and key financial metrics and reporting and assist in setting up automated reporting and financial analysis.

Responsibilities include:
Implement, optimize, and maintain financial systems and augment it with a separate data warehouse as needed
Create, maintain, monitor, and analyze all master data in ERP & CRM and integrated solutions
Ensure and enhance data quality and train users to ensure continuity of results
Provide creative yet logical approaches to solving data problems
Perform various levels of data validation across multiple systems
Create and manage the data dictionary to support change management efforts
Draft and maintain policies, procedures, and other documentation to ensure uniform, accurate, and consistent data are present
Provide testing support for upgrades and releases, including integration testing from various sources to target systems
Assist in setting up hierarchies and maintain consistency across different systems
Assist with data and analysis requests, providing detailed backups and explanations as needed
Build and support complex planning and forecasting models using the Anaplan platform
Build Anaplan Visualizations
Set up and automate reporting and charting and analyze trends and patterns
Perform other ad hoc responsibilities as necessary
You are:
A strong team player with a positive, service-oriented attitude who drives process improvements to increase effectiveness of the team and minimize room for errors
Hands-on, detail-oriented, and organized; prior experience having gathered, structured, monitored, and validated data to ensure data integrity and detailed documentation; has developed a habit of checking the accuracy of data and analysis several times over before submitting for review
A self-starter and high-achiever with a focus on doing a great job
A superior problem solver, possessing the initiative to look into the details and interpret the impact of key business drivers
Excellent multi-tasker who has strong time and project management skills and understands the importance of planning in advance to meet deadlines that include multiple review points and iterations
Strong communicator, both written & verbal; reliable and responsive to email and phone communications
Highest level of integrity and good judgment with the ability to effectively deal with highly sensitive, confidential information
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Accounting/Finance/Business or related field
Minimum of combined 4 years of hands on experience building Anaplan models and/or master data management in an ERP or CRM system
Experience querying data from a native source (ERP, CRM or database). Understanding of backend data and database structures
Experience partnering with FP&A and to deliver insightful information
Hands on experience with NetSuite, Salesforce, and Admin is a plus
High proficiency with Excel is a must, including ability to build automated Excel models from scratch (e.g., vlookup, sumif, iferror, etc.); VBA, SQL and ODBC knowledge preferred
Data organization and management skills. Technical expertise with data models, data import methodologies, database design development, and data mining; preferred experience with a BI tool",3.1,"Qualys
3.1","Foster City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
187,Data Analyst - Logistics,"$35k-$64k
(Glassdoor Est.)","You will like working for us as we have amazing people and a highly collaborative culture. Global success hasn’t changed our tight-knit feel – we’ve simply grown into a larger, more diverse family. We have thousands of jobs around the globe and encourage all of our associates to chase their dreams without having to find them in another company – it truly is a special place.

Under the direction of Director, North America Logistics, this position is responsible for managing and creating spend analysis, operations reports, and compliance tracking for assigned Logistics Strategic and Tactical metrics globally. This position is responsible for spend for all assigned plants and transportation suppliers. Responsible for creating and monitoring daily, weekly, monthly, and summary data and reporting output , management reports, and recommendations in regards to those reports. This position ensures the accuracy, distribution, and integrity of the data using a diverse set of business intelligence tools.

Key Responsibilities:
Design and run reports for improved spend visibility, compliance and identification of productivity opportunities Distribute reports to senior leaders, division general managers, Supply Management and others as needed
Evaluate, implement and deploy new tools to assist in data analytics, market research and other aspects of data analysis
Proactively identify and lead process improvements to data analysis and reporting processes across area of responsibility
Lead data mining required for accurate spend reporting.
Coordinate data maintenance required for Oracle Freight Transportation Intelligence.
Perform routine spend analysis in support of Supply Management / Logistics sourcing events.
Provide summary and detail trend analysis of spend globally.
Develop and provide reporting for both internal and end customers.
Develop and conduct routine data audits to verify data accuracy. Identify and address root causes of problems with data integrity.
Ensure linkage of tools with effective Supply Management and Logistics practices.
Actively participate in training for Oracle OTM / FTI.
Train user in freight transportation intelligence.
Actively participates and engage with business units.
This position is in a perfect location at our corporate headquarters in Hartsville, SC and close to exciting destinations (Myrtle Beach, SC; Charleston, SC; Columbia, SC and Charlotte, NC).

Required Experience/Education:
Bachelor's degree preferred
2+ years of Data Analysis experience and aptitude
Preferred Experience/Education:
Knowledge of Oracle transportation management or similar TMS.
Prior experience on logistics.
Experience using business intelligence tools.
This is a progression experience and level will be based on candidate experience and business needs.

We care about the health and wellness of you and your family. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package that makes it easier to manage your health and provide financial security for you and your family. In addition, we offer competitive wages and retirement plans.

Apply today and help us grow stronger.

For more information, visit www.sonoco.com/careers

#LI-JF1

#GDSponsored

We are an equal opportunity employer, and we strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any legally protected characteristic.",4.0,"Sonoco Products
4.0","Hartsville, SC",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
188,Senior Data Modeler / Business Analyst,-1,"Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst
Location: Midtown Atlanta (remote during COVID)
Duration: 24month +

MUST HAVE
Business Analysis experience - capable of accurate requirements gathering and display excellent written communication skills.
Apache Hadoop environment
Exceptional SQL querying
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (Dimensional design, Entity Relationship diagrams)
Job Description
Seeking Senior Data Modeler/Business Analyst The successful candidate must have solid data modeling and business analyst experience and must demonstrate an affinity for working with others to create successful Business Intelligence (BI) and Data Warehouse (DW) solutions. He/She must be an excellent communicator, both written and verbal, and have experience working with business areas to translate their business data needs and data questions into project requirements. He/she must also have an educational background in Data Analysis and Data Modeling as well as on the job experience as a data modeler.
This position provides the opportunity to be involved in new BI and DW solutions, such as Dashboards and Reports, and to work with many different business areas within the company. The candidate will participate in all phases of the BI/DW development life cycle and will independently and collaboratively write project/enhancement requirements and perform data modeling duties.
He/She will coordinate with technical BI/DW development staff through design, construction and implementation as a business area liaison, consultant and UAT tester.

Skills and Experience:
Required:
Strong Data Relational & Dimensional modeling (5+ years) on the following platforms:
Teradata and either Oracle or DB2
Experience in using data modeling techniques and tools (focused on Dimensional design), Entity Relationship diagrams, ERWIN, etc.
Exceptional SQL skills with ability to write complex queries
Experience in translating business requirements to SQL-based ETL
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Proficient testing skills unit, system and integration
Strong business analyst and requirements gathering/writing skills
Experience in developing according to SDLC and accustomed to working with technical documents (flowcharts, programming specifications, etc.)
Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills
Apache Hadoop ecosystem
Nice To Have (candidates will get preference)
Data Relational & Dimensional modeling on the following platforms:
Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, MS Access
Knowledge of CA Erwin Data Modeler
Knowledge of DataStage development techniques
Knowledge of Unix/Linux platform and shell scripting
Experience with Teradata or Oracle/Exadata database performance tuning
Experience with ChangeMan MVS code versioning software
Experience with Zeke MVS/Zeke Agent Job scheduler
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite
Railroad knowledge and experience
Analyst Attitude Profile:
Self-starter, responsible, professional, accountable
A finisher, seeing a project or task through to completion in spite of challenges
Strong team ethic and customer-support focus
Ability to contribute knowledge by sharing business & technology skills with peers
Good troubleshooting and problem-solving skills and instincts
Education
Bachelors Degree preferred. Preferably in Information Systems, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related field

#aptonetjobs",5.0,"Aptonet Inc
5.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
189,Senior Bioinformataics Scientist OB/Gyn Research,"$224k-$446k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Bioinformatics Scientist OB/GYN Research Needed!

This is a unique opportunity to conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects for Inova, the region’s leading non-profit healthcare provider in the Northern Virginia area recognized in 2019 by U.S. News & World Report.

Position Highlights:
• Recognized leader: 923-bed nationally recognized regional medical center.
• Team Member centric: We create an environment or respect and growth, where contributions are recognized and rewarded.

What You Will Do:
• Conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects.
• Develop new analytic approaches to complex human diseases, such as cancer, diabetes and heart disease.
What You Will Need:
• Candidates for this position will have an MD, Ph.D. or Master’s in Computer Science, Bioinformatics or related field.
• Experience working with large scale biomedical data and hands on experience developing software or information systems to manage and analyze biomedical data.
• PREFERRED: Hands-on experience working with Next and Third generation sequence data, proteomic data and microarray data from a tremendous breadth of clinical areas to gain new insights into human disease.
• Ability to interact with team members for project coordination
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Strong software development skills
• Experience working with terabytes of translational biomedical data
• Strong informatics skills to include the use of programming and/or scripting languages such as Python, Perl, java, C/C++, and R.
• A Strong knowledge base of bioinformatics principles

M/F/Vets/Disabled

#LI-MT1
IND2
#LI-BQ1

IND2
#LI-KD1

Requirements

MD, PhD or Masters in Computer science, Bioinformatics or related field.

At Inova, safety is the foundation of everything we do. You’re always safe at Inova.

Our commitment to quality starts with the safety of our team members. We safeguard our patients, by safeguarding our employees.

Our commitment to keeping patients safe, means there’s no safer place for you to work.

 Inova is well stocked with the best and latest PPE

 Masks are provided to patients entering our buildings, and offered free to visitors

 Covid-19 patients are isolated in dedicated areas

 Inova operates curbside Covid-19 testing sites that are far removed from the main facilities

 All team members are trained in the latest screening guidelines

Work Site Location

INOVA FAIRFAX MEDICAL CAMPUS",3.5,"Inova Health System
3.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
190,Data Engineer with Top Secret,"$90k-$162k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Opportunity: Our team is seeking a talented Top Secret cleared Data Engineer to work in our NW Washington DC location.

This role supports DHS’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis (I&A). I&A is responsible for developing DHS-wide intelligence through managing the collection, analysis and fusion of intelligence throughout the entire Department. I&A disseminates intelligence throughout DHS, to the other members of the United States Intelligence Community, and to first responders at the state, local, and tribal level.
What You'll Get To Do as a Data Engineer: *
Create and maintain data pipelines and transformation flows in a cloud environment
Data management/mapping among multiple distinct data sources
Cloud management and server administration of domain services
Big Data infrastructure services and cross domain data transfer
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Active Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility
BS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline from an accredited college or university and ten (10) to fourteen (14) years of progressive experience, or an MS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline, and eight (8) to twelve (12) years of progressive experience, or a Ph.D. degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline and four (4) to seven (7) years of progressive experience.
Familiar with ETL technologies, MapReduce, JSON/XML transformations and schemas
Familiar with AngularJS
Familiar with Apache NiFi and Java (NAR) NiFi Archives
Knowledge of Amazon Web Services (AWS Cloud)
Programming languages – Java/JEE, Javascript, Python, Groovy, Shell Script
HTTP via REST and SOAP
Datastores – HDFS, MongoDB, S3, Elastic, NoSQL, RDBMS
Build and Configuration Management Tools – Maven, Ansible, Puppet
Working knowledge with public keys and digital certificates
Linux/Unix server environments
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have: *
Master’s level education
Familiarity with: jQuery, XPath, XQuery, Spark, Impala, Sqoop, Hive/Pig, Python, Gradle, Maven, PL/SQL, Unix Shell, C++/C, AngularJS, Spring, JSON, XML/XSLT/HTML, JPA/Hibernate, Spark, Accumulo, MapReduce, Storm/Kafka, HSpace, Pig, Servlet/JSP, LDAP
About OneGlobe: *
OneGlobe LLC was founded in 2005 to provide quality Information Technology solutions that exceed expectations. We focus on IT System Modernization using agile software development practices and DevSecOps to deliver intuitive and maintainable systems that we help our customers improve their processes and capabilities.

We provide full service IT solutions and have the skill to identify, plan and perform cost-saving steps throughout the system lifecycle to enhance system efficiency, while optimizing the value that we deliver to our customers. Our team has the drive and right mindset to feel ownership on the projects they work. They partner with our customers to give the extra effort sometimes required to deliver success.

We provide highly competitive benefits package to include: extensive medical/dental/vision, 7% of your annual salary toward 401(k), Paid Time Off (PTO), $5K annually toward ongoing education and training, and more. We also have monthly social and tech events!

See additional positions at: http://www.oneglobeit.com/#careers

OneGlobe is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, political affiliation or veteran status.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
NiFi: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)
Hadoop: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
ETL: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
191,Data Scientist - DAB,"$83k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takeda’s Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Job Description

Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? Join us in our Cambridge, MA office.

At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world.

Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission.

For the Takeda global scientific community who aspire to deliver transformative medicines to patients Scientific Informatics is the technology leader, with domain specific expertise, that provides innovative platforms and technologies to improve both operational efficiency and data-driven decision making. As an embedded partner Scientific Informatics is at the leading edge of both science and technology and proactively reacts to the changing scientific environment and needs of researchers in an agile fashion to deliver timely, value-adding solutions.

The Digital Advisory Board programs aim to ensure our growing data is easily accessible to everyone so we can help our patients and HCPs faster and more effectively.

Rare Disease Early Diagnosis

Rare Disease Early Diagnosis - Accelerate rare disease patient early diagnosis through best-in-class enterprise-level advanced analytics and digital tools leveraging key external partnerships.

We will help patients discover what’s wrong with them sooner and bring them out of the unknown and into the right treatment faster. We will bring relief by helping them discover what is wrong with them at the earliest time possible.

Although there have been advances over recent years, awareness and diagnosis of rare and chronic diseases continue to lag. It can still take up to 10 years to get a diagnosis.

We will explore emerging technologies and establish partnerships with great minds within Takeda and across the healthcare industry to reduce that time for diagnosis.

OBJECTIVES/PURPOSE

Independently perform complex analysis using modern Data Science techniques against structured or unstructured data and report results back to generate insights to Takeda.
Apply machine learning, deep learning and other advanced techniques while performing Data Analysis engagements. This is against structured and un-structured data sets, at small and large scale.
Provide mentorship to other Data Engineers, Data Scientists and Data Specialists across R&D and Vaccine at Takeda as we elevate our data IQ across the organization. This will include coordination of Internal and External collaborations.
Deliver critical analysis against Takeda’s toughest data problems to give us critical insight to the organization’s largest questions.

ACCOUNTABILITIES

Perform machine learning, deep learning and other advanced data techniques at a level of quality that can be defended by peers at a PHD level across the organizations.
Introduce novel and state-of-the-art computational techniques to other teams and scientists to improve capabilities for data analysis with the purpose of deriving high accuracy insight from available datasets more efficiently.
Understanding and usage of different Supervised and Unsupervised learning techniques, their biases, how and when to apply them and which methods are the best for a particular analysis.
Ability to wrangle raw data sets into a format that can have advanced methods applied against the resulting data.
Work independently on tough problems with other team members and independently solve, with some guidance, very difficult technology and data problems.
Demonstrates advanced tooling and techniques to other technical organizations throughout the company

CORE ELEMENTS RELATED TO THIS ROLE

Provide leadership and expertise to best construct data and execute analysis for feature detection, retrospective and predictive modelling, within a complex R&D and Vaccines environment.
Understanding of Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Re-enforcement learning and other techniques to be able to use and teach these methods inside the organization.
Ability to stay up to speed on modern data techniques, understand how to apply them and constantly demonstrated how and where to apply these new methods.
Ability to produce analysis for and defend results to PhD and executive level audience across the organizations
Design, Execute, QC and Deliver Data Science Analysis independently and effectively across the organization

EDUCATION, BEHAVIOURAL COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS

Master’s Degree or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science or equivalent
3+ years’ experience or a PhD and relevant project / coursework
Expertise with the Application of Machine Learning and / or Deep Learning
Up-to-date specialized knowledge of data wrangling, manipulation and management of technologies
Experience with Spark
Ability to manipulate voluminous data with different degree of structuring across disparate sources to build and communicate actionable insights for internal or external parties
Possesses strong personal skills to portray information
Ability to work in an agile and rapid changing environment with high quality deliverables
Experience with two of the following languages: Python, R, Java or Scala
Experience with deep learning frameworks: TensorFlow, MX Net
Working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL datastores
Experience in a scientific environment

Locations

Cambridge, MA

Worker Type

Employee

Worker Sub-Type

Regular

Time Type

Full time",3.7,"Takeda Pharmaceutical
3.7","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1781,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
192,Data Scientist,"$60k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description *
We're looking for an advanced mathematician who has the ability to think in entirely new ways. This person should be excited to solve complex problems by applying the combination of a deep mathematics background with intuition and the feedback of experts in the field.

The successful mathematician at Event Dynamic will utilize strong problem-solving skills, significant programming experience, and business analytics to solve real-world dynamic pricing problems at scale. This role will be highly involved in the development of the core AI-driven pricing product and will be expected to make key business decisions on complex real-world problems. This position will interface with the subject matter experts and machine learning team to communicate business impacts of technical decisions.
Job Responsibilities*
Automation of the ML pipeline and development of models to scale. Generalization of pricing models for new use cases. Collects, creates, ingests, analyzes, evaluates, and iterates through datasets to explore key features, develop training data sets, and create new models.
Performs Feature Engineering on the ML pricing models. Works within a team of data science professionals and digs into complex technical problems. Reports back on findings and technical decisions to subject matter experts.
Will show drive and initiative to push the core product and technology forward. Collaborates with cross-cutting team of executives, product managers, clients, software engineers, and data scientists.
Requirements*
A bachelor or master’s, or PhD degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering etc.) or equivalent experience.
Minimum of two years’ experience utilizing advanced mathematics and/or machine learning techniques to solve real-world problems. Experience writing code to build complex data pipelines.
Experience using Python and ML libraries, pandas preferred
Minimum of four years’ experience in software development and data analysis.
Excellent verbal and written communication. Ability to present complex technical findings to a team of subject matter experts.
Company Description*
Event Dynamic’s technology is the most sophisticated ticket pricing system in the world. We employ artificial intelligence and advanced mathematics to automate ticket pricing, delivering smart and adaptive prices that puts lost revenue back in the hands of primary rights holders of live events.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
software development: 4 years (Required)
Machine Learning: 2 years (Required)
data analysis: 4 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Language:
English (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)",3.1,"Event Dynamic
3.1","Dallas, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
193,Senior Bioinformataics Scientist OB/Gyn Research,"$224k-$446k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Bioinformatics Scientist OB/GYN Research Needed!

This is a unique opportunity to conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects for Inova, the region’s leading non-profit healthcare provider in the Northern Virginia area recognized in 2019 by U.S. News & World Report.

Position Highlights:
• Recognized leader: 923-bed nationally recognized regional medical center.
• Team Member centric: We create an environment or respect and growth, where contributions are recognized and rewarded.

What You Will Do:
• Conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects.
• Develop new analytic approaches to complex human diseases, such as cancer, diabetes and heart disease.
What You Will Need:
• Candidates for this position will have an MD, Ph.D. or Master’s in Computer Science, Bioinformatics or related field.
• Experience working with large scale biomedical data and hands on experience developing software or information systems to manage and analyze biomedical data.
• PREFERRED: Hands-on experience working with Next and Third generation sequence data, proteomic data and microarray data from a tremendous breadth of clinical areas to gain new insights into human disease.
• Ability to interact with team members for project coordination
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Strong software development skills
• Experience working with terabytes of translational biomedical data
• Strong informatics skills to include the use of programming and/or scripting languages such as Python, Perl, java, C/C++, and R.
• A Strong knowledge base of bioinformatics principles

M/F/Vets/Disabled

#LI-MT1
IND2
#LI-BQ1

IND2
#LI-KD1

Requirements

MD, PhD or Masters in Computer science, Bioinformatics or related field.

At Inova, safety is the foundation of everything we do. You’re always safe at Inova.

Our commitment to quality starts with the safety of our team members. We safeguard our patients, by safeguarding our employees.

Our commitment to keeping patients safe, means there’s no safer place for you to work.

 Inova is well stocked with the best and latest PPE

 Masks are provided to patients entering our buildings, and offered free to visitors

 Covid-19 patients are isolated in dedicated areas

 Inova operates curbside Covid-19 testing sites that are far removed from the main facilities

 All team members are trained in the latest screening guidelines

Work Site Location

INOVA FAIRFAX MEDICAL CAMPUS",3.5,"Inova Health System
3.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
194,Senior Data Scientist,"$72k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
195,SQL Data Analyst,"Employer Provided Salary:
$45k-$53k","Job Description
Company: Palm Beach Accountable Care Organization
Job Title: SQL Data Analyst
Department: Information Technology
Reports To: CIO
FLSA Status: Exempt
Prepared Date: 1/2/2020
DISCLAIMER:
Job descriptions are not meant to be all-inclusive and/or the job itself is subject to change. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform ETL duties to move data from raw format for use by multiple departments
Apply knowledge of data, data structure and analytical tools to research or identify trends, expenditures, and utilization of healthcare providers/practices.
Respond to requests for data by determining user’s needs, collecting, organizing, and analyzing data, and providing accurate and complete reports and information.
Assist other analysts to perform financial analysis of facilities, practices, provider services, and utilization.
Work with other analysts to perform a variety of ad-hoc analysis and assessments or initiatives as requested.
Identify, develop and implement methods for improving reporting efficiency for department.
Perform checks and audits of various data sources to ensure data adheres to data governance and maintenance policies.
Maintain and apply knowledge of current trends, practices and developments in health care.
Educate and assist in problem solving to promote the implementation of the health care initiatives and research.
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, procedures, and programs within technology field.
Contributes in the data integrity, governance, and data structure standards and policies.
Collects, compiles and analyzes data to measure and report on provider and program performance.
Must abide to all HIPAA, Confidentiality and Privacy laws.
Other duties as assigned within the scope of responsibilities and requirements of the job; not limited by this job description.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
Competencies: To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Analytical and advanced problem solving strategies.
Working knowledge of industry coding (revenue codes, ICD9/ICD10/ICD11 classifications, CPT codes)
of data, data objects, data structure, and industry standards.
Minimum level computer skills in a Microsoft Office environment: Advanced.
Strong skills in SQL, Microsoft Excel, or other comparable software tools.
Programming languages preferred, notably C#
Experience with ETL process management and data engineering
Strong internet research capabilities.
Bi- or Multi- lingual skills (written and verbal): A Plus.
High attention to detail
SQL Server / SSRS / Other Analytics Software
Report Writing
Problem Solving
Systems/Workflows/General IT
People Skills
Assertive / Reliable
Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions.
Safety and Security - Uses equipment and materials properly.
Attendance/Punctuality - Is consistently at work and on time.
Knowledge of legal and ethical consideration related to patient information.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education and/or Experience:
Required: Bachelor's degree in statistics, engineering, computer science and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
Preferred: Master’s degree in a related area
Language Skills:
Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, correspondence, and memos. Ability to write simple correspondence. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations to visitors, clients, and other employees of the organization.
Reasoning Ability:
Ability to think critically and objectively and unbiased. Quickly learn/adapt to healthcare industry standards, codes, data, and business practices.
Computer Skills:
MS Office Productivity Tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint), Internet, SQL & Data Objects, various report writing tools. Programming skills preferred in C# or other related languages.
Other Skills and Abilities:
High accuracy and extreme confidentiality a MUST. Highly detail-oriented and must possess a very high degree of organization.
Physical Demands:
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee will have a combination of standing, sitting, bending and reaching. May work at a computer monitors for prolonged periods. The employee may lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.",3.8,"Palm Beach ACO, LLC
3.8","West Palm Beach, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
196,Senior Data Scientist Marketing,"$130k-$150k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Scientist (Marketing) will work closely with the SVP of FP&A and Dir of Analytics to implement advanced analytical models and other data-driven solutions.

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders in marketing to identify opportunities to use available data to develop business solutions.
Enhance existing data collection procedures to ensure that all data relevant for analyses is captured.
Cleanse, consolidate, and verify the integrity of data used in analyses.
Build and validate predictive models to increase customer retention, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Assist in the design and data modeling of the data warehouse.
Visualize data, especially in reports and dashboards, to communicate analysis results to stakeholders.
Extend data collection to unstructured data within the company and external sources
Develop machine learning driven products for internal use.
Perform ad-hoc analysis, presentations and other projects as required
Minimum Qualifications:
Master's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or other quantitative discipline. PhD preferred.
Master's degree 4+ yrs in similar role: PhD 3+ yrs
Experience with statistical computer languages (Python, R etc.) to manipulate and analyze large datasets.
Experience with databases, query languages, and associated data architecture.
Experience with data visualization tools like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, or Plotly
Experience in professional application of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, SVM, k-NN, Naïve Bayes, Gradient Boosting. Deep learning frameworks (Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc.) is a plus
Experience applying data science to marketing including attribution modeling, media mix modeling, and ROI analysis.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical colleagues
Experience with marketing automation platforms and/or CRM software is a plus (Hubspot, Salesforce, Marketo, etc.)
Experience with AWS is a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
197,Sr. Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Cloud Consultant:

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
198,"Data Analyst, Facilities Engineering Systems","$37k-$66k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Improving the health of our community in all we do

Northeast Georgia Health System (NGHS) is a non-profit community health system on a mission of improving the health of our community in all we do. Our team cares for more than 1 million people across the region through four hospitals and a variety of outpatient locations. Northeast Georgia Medical Center (NGMC) has campuses in Gainesville, Braselton, Winder and Dahlonega – with a total of more than 700 beds and more than 1,100 medical staff members representing more than 50 specialties. NGHS also encompasses Northeast Georgia Physicians Group, a multi-specialty group with more than 65 locations, and The Heart Center of Northeast Georgia Medical Center, a cardiology practice with more than 15 locations.

NGHS

The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst position is responsible for providing support for internal Facilities Engineering technology applications. Supports, with assistance from IT, includes installation, configuration, & maintenance, as well as providing training, reporting and production support for applications used by Facilities Engineering. The Facilities Engineering Systems Analyst may serve as a resource for other team members, as well as the clinical and support units, contractors and vendors with support related to applications used by Facilities Engineering.

Associates Degree or Technical School Certification required; in lieu of education, comparable additional experience and/or education required.

3 years of work experience utilizing facilities engineering computer systems, technology services or computer systems operations. Knowledge of Healthcare, Federal regulations, Compliance standards, National Fire Protection Associate (NFPA) codes and other regulatory standards applicable to healthcare facilities engineering.

Since first opening its doors in Gainesville in 1951, Northeast Georgia Medical Center has added hospital campuses in Braselton, Barrow and Dahlonega – and become Georgia’s most awarded hospital. Some recognitions include being named to these lists:

America’s 50 Best Hospitals – Healthgrades

100 Top Hospitals – Truven Health Analytics

100 Hospitals with Great Heart Programs – Beckers Hospital Review

America’s Top Quality Providers – Carechex

Atlanta’s Top 150 Workplaces – Atlanta Journal-Constitution

Healthcare’s Most Wired Hospitals and Health Systems – Hospitals & Health Networks magazine

NGMC has also been recognized in recent years as Georgia’s #1 Hospital for overall hospital care, overall surgical care, heart care, orthopedic surgery, women’s care and more.",3.4,"Northeast Georgia Health System
3.4","Gainesville, GA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
199,Sr Data Engineer,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to work with one of our US-based clients, who is reinventing the delivery of health and human services. Our client’s collaborative platform unites healthcare providers, government, and the community around the common goal of improving health outcomes for everyone.

Data has long been a foundation of our client’s system and their requirements around data have grown more sophisticated and central to their mission. They are now harvesting the data in the platform and transforming it into an actionable source of information that stakeholders use to understand the impact that Social Determinants of Health are having on communities.

The company is made up of 160 professionals, including QAs, Product Managers, and 30 Engineers, mostly based in the NY area. Some of the main technologies used are APIs, Ruby on Rails, Golang, Lambda AWS, Neo4J running on EC2 nodes, MySQL, Postgres, microservices, enterprise data warehouse, Redshift, and Tableau. The team is currently working on a single-page application on front-end technologies such as React and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for people to join their team who share a passion for their mission to reinvent Health & Human Services and aspire to make a lasting difference for future generations.
You are the one if you have:
Strong experience building Data Warehouses using Spark and Python or Java
Strong experience using Scala for data transformations
Vast knowledge about ETL processes and Data Lakes
Experience with AWS (S3, Redshift Spectrum)
It’s a bonus if you have experience working with:
Tableau
Neo4J
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Engineer role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
200,Sr. Data Engineer,"$97k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team of Data Consultants and work on dynamic long-term projects. The majority of our team members are long-term employees who enjoy consistent work and a collaborative team approach!
Background in computer science and comfortable in programming in a variety of languages, including Java, Python, Scala;
Determining the appropriate software packages or modules to run, and how easily they can be modified;
Handling large scale structured and unstructured data from internal and third-party sources;
Architecting highly scalable distributed data pipelines using open source tools and big data technologies such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Presto, Spark, Drill, Sqoop and ETL frameworks;
Utilizing Linux shell scripting and containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes); and,
Leading teams in a dynamic work environment while managing stakeholder expectations and scope.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree, preferably in technology related disciplines.
Cloud computing platforms such as Azure, AWS, and GCP;
Relational databases and writing SQL queries, evaluating their performance
Strong experience with data processing software in Azure, AWS and GCP
Or Big data machine learning toolkits such as SparkML, messaging systems (Kafka) and NoSQL databases (Cassandra, HBase, MongoDB) desirable
Building data lakes and data pipelines that adhere to our engineering philosophy
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8","Indianapolis, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
201,Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer,"$76k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Homesite Insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online, during a single visit. Since then, we've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations.

One thing that's stayed the same since our founding: our commitment to our customers, partners and employees.

Join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance.

Homesite Insurance Company is seeking an experienced, passionate and motivated, Data Scientist/ Business Intelligence Engineer, to provide strategic leadership in the areas of Insurance Operations. The ideal candidate must be able to make an immediate impact by working with stakeholders throughout the organization to plan and execute change to impact the bottom line. Their skill set will support the growth of the Commercial line of business by utilizing data to drive decisions that optimize operational results.

This role is part of our Operations Department, which is responsible for managing post sales processing and servicing activities to meet/exceed operational service level agreements in a cost effective manner. This department has business responsibility for policy processing, billing, claims processing, in-sourced and outsourced back office operations, service platform, and business ownership of call center technology platform and operations-based IT initiatives. The Operations Department drives continuous improvement in servicing capabilities through process and IT changes and partner with Underwriting, Finance, Claims, and IT.

The Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer is a highly quantitative problem solver who loves to dig into different kinds of data and can confidently and successfully communicate their findings to stakeholders in different departments. They will act as a strategic change agent to drive the change management and adoption of key initiatives to support the growth of Homesite by leveraging enterprise data to model outcomes and create anomaly detection capabilities. The incumbent will work closely with Customer Service, Billing, Claims, Policy Operations, IT, KTC, Training and external vendors, developing solutions that optimize all areas of operations.

Responsibilities:

-Mine and analyze data from internal and external databases to drive optimization of operations, financial outcomes, customer experience and retention.

-Use statistical and machine learning/deep learning to build supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised models per business needs.

-Ensure data quality throughout all stages of acquisition and processing, including areas such as data sourcing/collection, ground truth generation, normalization and transformation.

-Communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions.

-Work with other analysts and team members to translate models into business solutions and collaborate with other departments in the company when necessary.

-Interface with stakeholders and develop innovative approaches to communicate the value add of the models being built.

-Participate in the transfer of knowledge of methodologies and best practices to peers and colleagues through collaboration, mentoring, and formal presentation and consulting.

Required skills:

-Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative discipline.

-Three to five years business experience in statistical modeling, data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and applying data base queries.

-Proficiency in programming in Python, R and SQL.

-Ability to extract and clean data from a variety of structured and unstructured sources.

-Ability to drive both individual and team projects to completion.

-Demonstrated ability to work with executives, such as CEO, CFO, and CIO on strategic direction setting and decision making.

-Demonstrated ability to build relationships and accomplish goals across a highly matrixed organization.

-Clearly communicate complex findings to colleagues and external customers.

-Monitor the results of statistical models through the use of dashboards and ad hoc analyses.

#LI-TD1",3.1,"Homesite Group
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
202,Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist,"$75k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our team Our team is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Maxar is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to join our team in Northern VA. The selected Data Scientist - AI/ML Specialist will support a U.S. Government customer who is applying new and innovative methods in computer vision and object detection in order to address some of our most pressing intelligence problems.

Life with Us

Your Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer
everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its
disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor and/or a mentor to set
appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be supporting an R&D, rapid prototyping office whose mission is to apply new and cutting-edge tools and methods to intelligence problems. This office loves innovators, self-starters, and people passionate about our nations security.

These AI/ML applications and experiments are used to:
Extract meaningful insight.

Narrow search areas.

Tip/cue.

Find rare objects.

Predict vulnerabilities.

Encouraging further analytic exploration.

Reducing the friction of flawed workflows.

Youll collaborate with our geographically dispersed team primarily via Zoom & Slack.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI security clearance with Polygraph.

Bachelors degree in a relevant field (physics, mathematics, computer science, operations research, etc.).

5 years of relevant experience with Data Science and Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.

Experience with Data Science Tools (eg R, Python, SAS, Matlab, TensorFlow).

Experience with applying Data Science techniques to overhead imagery - ie; computer vision, object detection.

Preferred Education and Experience:
Experience with NoSQL databases.

Ability to provide subject matter guidance.

Ability to manage personal project priorities and deliverables.

Ability to provide controls for technical rigor and quality of output.

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
203,Senior Food Scientist,"$94k-$152k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Food Scientist *
We’re looking for a Product Developer/ Senior Food Scientist who thrives on the excitement of developing and innovating natural syrup products and contributing to project teams that are re-shaping the product portfolio.

YOU are a passionate product developer with a history of successful launches. Your background includes formulation experience across multiple manufacturing processes, ingredient types, and product lines. You have a strong understanding of flavor chemistry and can create amazing flavor combinations. You prefer to work in a high-energy, collaborative product development environment where you can take initiative. You’re practiced at taking new product ideas from concept through commercialization.

You’re the type of person who moves easily from project to project. You are a ‘go-to’ for development of natural flavor systems and ingredient functionality. Your “can do” attitude, relationship-building talent, and engaging communication skills make you an effective partner in and outside of Torani.

Look out a year from now: You’re being recognized as one of our most innovative contributors. You’ve developed an “out-of-the-box” formulation for a new natural syrup that exceeded expectations. You have become the anchor of the syrup cultivation team.
SUCCESS FACTORS (FIRST 12-18 MONTHS) *
_Overall _

 *New Products*: You have renovated and commercialized one product line and key line extensions at target cost, on time, and on trend. You’ve delivered amazing, customer-preferred, easy-to-use flavor with simple, natural ingredients.

 *Formula Renovation*: You have used your bench skills to improve existing products to beat competition in preference taste tests.

 *Collaboration*: Strong relationships are in place across the organization and with external partners, as demonstrated by the successful, smooth launch of new products and integrated ways of working with partner functions. You are a leader on the R+D team.

 *Project Management: * Your project management excellence is evident through fulfillment of your product plans and milestones. You are a go-to product development expert and go between line extension, cost optimization, and flavor improvement initiatives. You are detail oriented and can stick to set timelines.

 *Expertise: * Has brought synergistic technical expertise to enhance our capabilities, and has helped us deliver the more natural, simple profiles that have expanded our product portfolio and grown our new product business.

 *Has a little fun along the way! *
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS & ATTRIBUTES: *
 Bachelor’s Degree in food science or related discipline, Master’s preferred
At least 7 years of relevant, progressive experience in beverage or flavor product development
 Successfully developed consumer-preferred, delicious products with no artificial ingredients
 Experience developing products from concept to commercialization, including: Writing and documenting formulas and specifications, Calculating costs, Conducting plant trials Positive collaboration with internal and external manufacturing partners
 Implemented test protocols for sensory and shelf life studies
 Demonstrated experience in applied flavor chemistry
 Practiced with working in product data management systems (eg Oracle PLM or similar)
 Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects well
 Live in SF Bay Area or willing to relocate at own expense
 Eligible to work in US without sponsorship (now & in the future)
 Proficient in Word, Excel, and Outlook

Torani is one of the fastest growing and dynamic specialty food companies in the Bay Area. Perhaps you’ve been wondering if there’s a right company fit, where you might combine your deep expertise with purposeful work. If your core beliefs and values resonate with “Flavor for All, Opportunity for All”, we hope you’ll feel the spark. We’re dedicated to bringing our superb portfolio of natural flavorful products to people of diverse needs and incomes. And while our legacy of team and community focus started quietly in our passion for people development, it will flourish with B Corp certification. Torani is recognized as one of the most fun, friendly and warm companies you’ll come across.
_*_
_*_*

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Oracle: 1 year (Preferred)
Excel: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft Word: 1 year (Preferred)
Communication Skills: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft Outlook: 1 year (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative",3.5,"Torani
3.5","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
204,"Scientist, DNA-Encoded Library Group",-1,"_Full-time role based in Monmouth Junction, NJ_

Within every human cell, nature has engineered finely tuned control mechanisms to correct imbalances caused by stress and disease and promote healing. At HotSpot Therapeutics, nature is inspiring us to create a wave of new medicines.

Through a proprietary technology platform, we are uncovering privileged allosteric sites used by nature to control proteins – called _regulatory hotspots_- that can be exploited through small molecule drug discovery. Regulatory hotspots are allowing sought-after targets to be drugged for the first time while delivering molecules with exquisite selectivity and attractive drug-like properties.

HotSpot is supported by a syndicate of leading healthcare investors based in the US and Europe. You will be joining a seasoned team of drug hunters with an excellent track record in drug discovery. As a HotSpotter, you are comfortable thinking outside the box and breaking convention. You are curious about the world and contribute beyond your precise role description. You are action orientated and extraordinary at getting things done. You communicate openly with your colleagues and you hate office politics.

HotSpot is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Mission*_: Produce High-Quality DNA-Encoded Libraries_
Lead efforts to plan, produce, and use our DNA-Encoded Library (DEL) platform.
Deliverables*
Perform and manage library design and build activities

· Design new libraries for HotSpot-binding compounds (in conjunction with computational chemistry)

· Work with vendors to source library inputs

· Develop new chemistry to be used in future DEL builds

· Manage and perform the profiling of library inputs, includes other group members

· Draft and use SOPs, protocols, and other build documentation to ensure robust build quality

· Manage and be a part of the actual DEL library build process

· Learn to work with output of DEL screens

Manage Employees

· Work with rest of HotSpot build team, comp chem

· Manage direct reports

· Manage offshore FTEs
Competencies*
· Previous experience in chemical methodology and/or total synthesis

· Chemistry background

· Driven, self motivated without supervision; can define a clear process for achieving goal

· Output oriented – rapidly commit thinking to slides

· Open and Collaborative worker/communicator who is comfortable operating in a team setting

· Comfortable working within distributed team model including use of Zoom or other

video-conference tools

· Experience working with Microsoft Powerpoint, Word, and Excel

· Ability to integrate data/input from different sources and team members

· Ph.D., post doc with 0-4 years industry experience.

· Synthetic chemistry/medicinal chemistry training or experience

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.hotspotthera.com
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,HotSpot Therapeutics,"Monmouth Junction, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
205,"Scientist, DNA-Encoded Library Group",-1,"_Full-time role based in Monmouth Junction, NJ_

Within every human cell, nature has engineered finely tuned control mechanisms to correct imbalances caused by stress and disease and promote healing. At HotSpot Therapeutics, nature is inspiring us to create a wave of new medicines.

Through a proprietary technology platform, we are uncovering privileged allosteric sites used by nature to control proteins – called _regulatory hotspots_- that can be exploited through small molecule drug discovery. Regulatory hotspots are allowing sought-after targets to be drugged for the first time while delivering molecules with exquisite selectivity and attractive drug-like properties.

HotSpot is supported by a syndicate of leading healthcare investors based in the US and Europe. You will be joining a seasoned team of drug hunters with an excellent track record in drug discovery. As a HotSpotter, you are comfortable thinking outside the box and breaking convention. You are curious about the world and contribute beyond your precise role description. You are action orientated and extraordinary at getting things done. You communicate openly with your colleagues and you hate office politics.

HotSpot is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Mission*_: Produce High-Quality DNA-Encoded Libraries_
Lead efforts to plan, produce, and use our DNA-Encoded Library (DEL) platform.
Deliverables*
Perform and manage library design and build activities

· Design new libraries for HotSpot-binding compounds (in conjunction with computational chemistry)

· Work with vendors to source library inputs

· Develop new chemistry to be used in future DEL builds

· Manage and perform the profiling of library inputs, includes other group members

· Draft and use SOPs, protocols, and other build documentation to ensure robust build quality

· Manage and be a part of the actual DEL library build process

· Learn to work with output of DEL screens

Manage Employees

· Work with rest of HotSpot build team, comp chem

· Manage direct reports

· Manage offshore FTEs
Competencies*
· Previous experience in chemical methodology and/or total synthesis

· Chemistry background

· Driven, self motivated without supervision; can define a clear process for achieving goal

· Output oriented – rapidly commit thinking to slides

· Open and Collaborative worker/communicator who is comfortable operating in a team setting

· Comfortable working within distributed team model including use of Zoom or other

video-conference tools

· Experience working with Microsoft Powerpoint, Word, and Excel

· Ability to integrate data/input from different sources and team members

· Ph.D., post doc with 0-4 years industry experience.

· Synthetic chemistry/medicinal chemistry training or experience

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.hotspotthera.com
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,HotSpot Therapeutics,"Monmouth Junction, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
206,Senior Machine learning scientist,-1,"Responsibilities:
Collect image/video data and clean/organize/augment them,
Build machine learning framework to train various models for camera image-based applications for autonomous driving
Implement the inference process for on-vehicle testing.
Qualification:
MS or Ph.D. in computer science or related real-world experience extensive experience in machine learning and deep learning
Experience in image/video processing and computer vision, comfortable writing code in C/C++, experience in Pytorch/Tensorflow
Familiar with motion estimation, depth estimation, image segmentation, camera pose estimation, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"Black Sesame Technologies Inc
4.0","Santa Clara, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
207,NLP Data Scientist,-1,"Job Description:


Are you interested in changing the world of work? We’re building a world-class analytics team to apply data science to the soft side of how work gets done. We’re working hard, having fun, and making history; come join us!

Workhuman is seeking a Natural Language Processing (NLP) Data Scientist to join our Workhuman iQ team as a domain expert. This role focuses on analyzing unstructured data for over 37 million workplace recognition moments. This person is expected to become an expert in uncovering insights hidden in recognition moments across dozens of countries for our customers, the industry and our company.

You will apply cutting-edge AI and Machine Learning approaches to solving an enormous variety of NLP problems across several industries.  For example, you will build NLP models to accomplish outcomes such as rating sentiment, uncovering hidden bias, identify meaning behind recognition moments, and identify semantic patterns that lead to workplace outcomes (e.g., reduced turnover, increased productivity, etc).

Your work will be project-oriented, and you will often be responsible for the data findings and interpretation of results and transferring capabilities to colleagues, clients and internal product teams. You will constructively discuss your findings while always looking for the best solution.

This position will report to the NLP Manager.

**This position can be located in Framingham, MA office OR remotely

Responsibilities
Build large-scale deep learning models for Workhuman NLP product
Experiment with advanced deep learning architectures and NLP techniques to improve the performance of NLP systems
Provide support on maintaining and improving the systems and data pipelines for Workhuman NLP product
Create test sets and run evaluation on NLP systems for Workhuman products
Analyze usage data from Workhuman NLP product and run error analysis
Explore the advanced deep learning framework and infrastructure and apply it to the data generated by Workhuman products
Required skills and experience:

Master’s or PhD in computer science, computational linguistics, machine learning, artificial intelligence or related field require
2+ years of NLP experience; more specifically working within Machine Learning and Deep Learning
Experience with natural language processing and machine learning projects such as text classification, sentiment analysis, and sequence tagging
Programming skills in Python
Experience with state-of-art machine learning and natural language processing toolkits such as Sklearn, Gensim, Spacy, NLTK, etc
Experience with at least one of the deep learning toolkits, such as Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras, etc.
Experience working with speech and/or language data
Expertise in building ontologies, taxonomies, and semantic relation frameworks
3+ years of analytics experience
Practical knowledge of data processing needs and trade-offs
Comfortable handling a high volume of work daily
Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment
Willingness to support several projects at one time, and to accept reprioritization as necessary
Strong attention to detail
Exceptional level of organization
Experience with process design and documentation
Experience communicating research findings and analysis in both written and spoken channels
The Company:


Workhuman® is the world’s fastest-growing integrated Social Recognition® and continuous performance management platform. Our human applications are shaping the future of work by helping organizations connect culture to shared purpose. With a consistent stream of gratitude fueling unparalleled, provocative workplace data and human insights, Workhuman® Cloud is a critical software engine for global companies seeking to motivate and empower their people to do the best work of their lives. Workhuman® (formerly known as Globoforce) was founded in 1999 and is co-headquartered in Framingham, Mass., and Dublin, Ireland.

Did you know:
We are #1 Great Place to Work in Ireland for the 2019 medium-sized workplace category and have been named one of the 2018 Top Places to Work in Massachusetts by the Boston Globe
Workhuman® is used by 4.5 million employees across 160 countries.
Our core values are; Respect, Determination, Innovation and Imagination
Perks & Benefits for our Happy Healthy Humans:
Comprehensive Health Plans
Fully paid parental leave (12-week maternity/4-week paternity) effective day 1
Peer-to-peer recognition program
401(k)
Tuition Reimbursement
Commuter bus from downtown Boston
On-site fitness center
Wellness rewards and reimbursements
Fully stocked kitchen (cold brew on tap - snacks and coffee machines as far as the eye can see…)
Regular celebrations for employees, families and special guests
At Workhuman, we love what we do because we’re shaping the future of work through our people and our technology. Our human cloud-based applications are helping some of the world’s leading global brands connect culture to shared purpose. The Workhuman Cloud empowers employees to thank, talk and celebrate each other, creating an environment that sparks gratitude and human connection while increasing employee engagement and productivity.

Workhuman is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees. We proudly provide a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Employment decisions at Workhuman are based on solely on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Workhuman believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.",4.1,"Workhuman
4.1",Texas,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
208,Data Scientist,-1,"About Imperfect

Imperfect Foods was founded in 2015 with a mission to reduce food waste and build a better food system for everyone. We offer imperfect (yet delicious) produce, affordable pantry items, and quality meat and dairy. We deliver them conveniently to our customers’ doorsteps and pride ourselves on offering up to a 30% discount compared to grocery store prices. Our customers can get the healthy, seasonal produce they want alongside the grocery staples they rely on, without having to compromise their budget or values. We’re proving that doing the right thing for the planet doesn’t have to cost more, and that shopping for quality ingredients can support the people and resources that it takes to grow our favorite foods.

We're headquartered in San Francisco with operations all over the country. Check our website to see if there is an Imperfect near you!

We're looking for folks who are positive, motivated, and ready to change the world. If that sounds like you, drop us a line!

How we are protecting employees from COVID-19

At Imperfect Foods, employee health and safety is our top priority. We have implemented processes and precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in our facilities. We provide gloves, masks, and hand sanitizer to all essential employees who must report to work. Before entering our warehouse, employees have their temperatures checked. In addition, we take great care to ensure frequently touched surfaces are sanitized throughout the day and all warehouses are fully sanitized weekly.

We have also implemented an Emergency Sick Leave policy providing full-time and part-time employees 2 additional weeks of paid time off and up to 26 weeks paid leave if they have a confirmed case of COVID-19.

About the Role:

We're looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our Business Intelligence team. The ideal candidate will develop and automate algorithms that integrate with various parts of the business to better our customer understanding, improve our customer experience, and drive operational efficiency. Our Data Scientist will collaborate with departments across the company, including Marketing, Operations, and Engineering, for a wide and deep impact. Some example projects include demand forecasting to help with warehouse labor and inventory planning, optimizations to improve warehouse efficiency, personalization and recommendation algorithms to enable customers to discover relevant products, and product subscription cadence optimization. As an early member of the data science team, your role will influence the tech stack and frameworks we develop. This role requires analytical horsepower to efficiently analyze, and communication skills to tell a story with data.

If you like the idea of swimming in data, fighting food waste, and working with a cohesive and productive team, we want to hear from you!
Responsibilities:
Build production grade models on large-scale datasets by utilizing sophisticated statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining techniques
Provide in-depth analyses and insights for strategic and business initiatives, while maintaining analytics roadmap to prioritize initiatives, communicate timelines, and ensure successful, timely completion of projects
Collaborate cross-functionally to identify impactful business problems and translate them into structured analyses, measurable insights, and reports and dashboards
Assist with the development and deployment of analytical tools and develop custom models to observe progress, uncover insights in the data, and automate analyses
Participate in code reviews and software development standard methodologies
Skills and Qualifications:
3+ years of professional experience as a data scientist, including deploying and maintaining code in a production environment
Confident with machine learning techniques and sophisticated analytics (e.g. regression, classification, clustering, time series, econometrics, mathematical optimization)
Highly skilled in SQL and Python. Experience running complex analytics in a scripting language
Bonus: experience using R and other languages
Has a solid grasp of statistical applications and methods (experimentation, probabilities)
Experience with preparing large data sets for analysis
About You:
You're able to clearly and dynamically translate data into a relevant story with initiative partners, including technical and non-technical audiences
You demonstrate intellectual curiosity, and a knack for translating information into impactful insights, with data big, small, structured, and imprecise
You have the insight to take ambiguous problems and tackle them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported way
You're a self-starter with the ability to prioritize multiple projects at once
You're passionate about our mission to eliminate food waste and create a better food system for all
Details of the Position:
Full-time exempt position reporting to the Director of Business Intelligence
Candidate can be remotely located within the US
Salary and employee stock options commensurate with experienceCompetitive benefits package including health care, paid vacation, 401K, paid parental leave, and recurring credit towards your Imperfect account!
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary work; involves sitting most of the time
Occasional movement around the office may be necessary
Regular work with computers, including keyboards, mouses, and screens
Regular use of mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets
Individuals seeking employment at Imperfect Foods are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.

U.S. E-Verify Notice: Imperfect Foods participates in E-Verify in the United States. Imperfect will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.",3.4,"Imperfect Foods
3.4",Remote,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Stores,Retail,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
209,2021 Data Science Fellowship,"$89k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","2021 Data Science Fellowship
Department


Human Resources

Location


Alexandria, VA

Closing Date

1/29/21

Apply Now

Overview

The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a not-for-profit corporation that operates three Federally Funded Research Centers (FFRDCs). IDA’s Systems and Analyses Center is located in Alexandria, Virginia and is comprised of eight research divisions providing objective analyses of national security issues, particularly those requiring scientific and technical expertise, and conducts related research on other national challenges.

The IDA Data Science Fellowship provides recent graduates a unique opportunity to develop and apply data science skills to important issues in national security. Data Science Fellows will investigate the ways machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, and big data methodologies contribute to national security and gain experience developing advanced data science tools They will use their critical thinking and analytic skills to work on challenging real-world national security issues. In a collaborative team environment, Fellows perform data manipulation and statistical, econometric, predictive, descriptive, and other quantitative analyses to answer national security-related research questions. Fellows should expect to learn while creatively contributing to interdisciplinary project teams.

Fellows will have an opportunity to work research questions in areas such as:
Appraisal of current DoD investments in a broad range of areas: from human factors to autonomous systems, from materials science to nuclear weapons effects, from social behaviors to quantum computing;
Analyze and research questions on DoD personnel, military readiness and efficacy, and organizational efficiency topics.
Assessment of federal agency information and computing architectures that support data science applications (i.e., large, distributed data sets and computational assets);
Application of data exploration, text analytics, forecasting, statistical inference, simulation to areas of military personnel, manpower, and acquisition of DOD weapon systems.
Over the course of the three-year program, fellowship experiences will include:
Involvement in workshops and discussions on relevant topics
Mentorship from members of the IDA research staff
Training on specific analytical methods and tools
Attendance and presentation at select professional society meetings
Qualifications
This is a full time position and is only open to recent recipients of a bachelor’s or master’s degree. Candidates with degrees higher than a master’s degree will not be considered.
Candidate with recent Bachelor’s degree or Masters’ degree in economics, statistics, operations research, mathematics, physics, computer science, data science, or related disciplines with a strong foundation in statistics and/or applied mathematics are encouraged to apply.
Candidates must demonstrate experience with one or more programming language or statistical software used in research (e.g., Python, R, Julia, Stata, MATLAB, C, Java, etc.)
Candidates must demonstrate strong written and oral communication skills. Ideal candidates are able to contribute to and support team efforts.
Additional preferred skills include:
Training and/or experience in quantitative or qualitative information collection, data normalization, and text analytics
Experience as a research assistant in an academic or policy research setting
Experience or coursework in Bayesian statistics, machine learning, predictive analytics, and/or geospatial analyses
Experience with GPU, high-throughput, and/or distributed computing
U.S. citizenship is required.
In addition to the application, applicants at later stages in the process will be required to submit the following documents:
Personal Statement— explain in 1,000 words or less why you want to work in the area of data science and analytics in defense and national security and how your background/experience will contribute to IDA’s work
Writing Sample—5,000 word maximum
Transcripts - unofficial transcript is acceptable for consideration, but an official transcript is needed before any offer of employment will be made
Two Letters of Academic Recommendation—letters must be signed by the individual rendering the reference and delivered as PDF files.
U.S. Citizenship is required
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required
Equal Opportunity Employer",4.1,"Institute for Defense Analyses
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
210,Data Engineer - RPA,"$61k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","BRMi Technology is seeking a Data Engineer - ETL/PEGA to support a large client in the Northern Virginia area. This data engineer will be responsible for supporting Information System Division and the enterprise to deliver a personalized member experience, unify inbound and outbound member marketing, orchestrating experiences across channels, and make our clients marketers & ISD more efficient. The PEGA implementation will help streamline disjointed and manual campaign development processes.

The Data Engineer will support the ETL development for feeding Pega cloud application with 700+ member and account data elements.

Required:

• Extensive experience in engineering and designing data integration and delivery solutions using Informatica Power Center, SQL, and Unix /Shell scripts.
• Experience with SSIS in Azure Cloud is a huge plus.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory.
• Experience with Azure Data Factory and Data Bricks.
• Excellent written and oral communication skills
• Hands-on experience creating automated data integration applications using data models, data mappings and business rules specifications, to load data warehouses, operational data stores, data marts, and data lakes while programmatically handling exceptions including late arriving, missing, or erroneous data.
Desired:

• Experience using Informatica PowerExchange CDC
• Ability to interpret complex mainframe copybooks, XML data feeds
• Experience configuring and using APIs
• Proficient in the data ingestion pipeline process, exception handling, and metadata management on Hadoop platforms.
• Advanced degree in MIS, computer science, statistics, marketing, management, finance or related field
• Experience providing technical and data leadership to the application development terms, IT and the enterprise.
• Prior experience in the Financial Industries and large banks
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
211,Big Data Analyst BSLEP7,"$44k-$80k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings requires the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel.
Through the use of effective “big data” technologies and solutions, CBP ensures that the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure. In response to this challenge, ManTech, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified and versatile data analysts to facilitate data-driven decision making in response to national security threats.
The primary objective of the data analysis team is three-fold: 1) Support the development of predictive models via the identification of behaviors and attributes that inform illicit activities; 2) Provide on-demand analysis to support emergent operational needs; and, 3) Develop performance dashboards and artifacts to inform resource allocation, justify requirements, and support statutory reporting mandates.
In all three areas, data analysts must be capable of transforming large volumes of raw data, both structured and unstructured forms, into mission-focused insights that enhance understanding of mission performance, workload, and/or behavioral trends (i.e., strategic, tactical, and operational insights). Analysts may be called upon to support a diverse array of initiatives involving complex queries in support of network analysis, entity resolution, threat research, visualization, and impact assessments.

The strongest applicants will engage in highly dynamic, threat/risk driven operating environments. They will bring a proven track record of working with decision support tools and applications operationally employed by mission-support entities. Within three to six months of joining the project, we expect analysts will:
Master relevant data schemas, reference data, joining conditions, and relationships of existing databases, as well as associated warehouses and data marts, involving trade, travel, national security, and law enforcement data.
Conduct exploratory analysis demonstrating: a refined understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the underlying data; a willingness to explore non-traditional data sources and evaluation methods; and a clear link to mission need.
Construct query code as well as run, save, edit, optimize, and document queries using SQL and other languages including Spark to extract mission-critical insights.
Design, develop and deliver analytic artifacts such as dashboards, scorecards, and structured Excel reports that: support executive-level, at-a-glance findings; empower non-technical users to explore user-specific equities (e.g. PowerBI); and/or provide detailed information informing operational outcomes.
Assess validity, accuracy, completeness, consistency, and uniformity of data as well as develop mitigation steps and processes to address data quality issues in support of clean data.
Translate findings (e.g. mission impacts, limitations of findings/ analytical confidence, analytical methods and techniques employed) to clearly articulate the “so what” within the context of mission performance to technical and non-technical audiences in the form of written reports and in-person briefings.
Engage internal and external stakeholders in a professional and informed manner to collect analysis requirements and ensure alignment of expected outcomes.
Integrate with, and materially contribute to, portfolio teams as a matrixed resource to provide data analytics expertise in support of modeling, ad hoc query support, or performance assessment initiatives in collaboration with data scientists, intelligence analysts, developers, and other participants under the direction of a project manager.
Applicants should note that while some formal training exists to support building knowledge of missions and the implementation of data-driven solutions, but much of the knowledge must be gained through on-the-job training and individual initiative. Technical knowledge is insufficient to achieve effectiveness in this operating environment; expertise must be enhanced with rapid acquisition of mission knowledge and demonstrated commitment positive mission outcomes. Therefore, we seek self-starters who are capable of independent exploration and knowledge acquisition, willing to develop informal support networks, and with an appreciation for the immense challenge of safeguarding the Nation’s borders.

BS Degree in a related technical fields (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, etc.)
Hands on experience working with data-mining, analysis or statistical software such as R, Matlab, SAS Enterprise Miner, SPSS Modeler, or SQL Developer for data analysis
Hands on experience with at least one of the following technologies: Hadoop eco system, including HDFS, YARN, Cassandra, Hive, Pig, and Spark
Hands on experience with Batch-oriented and streaming distributed processing methods such as Nifi, Spark, Kafka, or Storm
Hands on experience with distributed search engines like Elasticsearch or Solr
Conceptual understanding of – and/or prior experiences related to – data profiling, fuzzy matching, entity resolution, and signal detection theory (specifically with respect to SD theory: designing and improving upon systems that monitor, minimize, and balance false positive and false negative outcomes)
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, and SQL
Unix / Linux experience
Experience working in field of entity resolution, analytics, data mining or name matching.
Delivering solutions using Amazon Web Services (e.g., AWS EC2, RDS, S3)
Experience with Javascript frameworks like Angular, React and JQuery is a plus
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI)

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
212,Machine Learning Engineer,"$99k-$174k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Video & Image Understanding Group develops and applies cutting-edge computer vision and deep learning techniques to solve problems in object detection, recognition, localization & tracking; biometrics; 3D scene reconstruction; threat detection; vision-aided navigation; and situational awareness. Our projects integrate algorithmic research, software engineering, and application system development to produce innovative capabilities that address challenging national security problems. We actively collaborate with research engineers across STR, as well as with academic researchers and industry partners to develop practical and powerful computer vision solutions.

The Role:
Develop, implement and evaluate machine learning algorithms to detect, segment, classify and track objects in diverse imaging modalities.
Apply machine learning techniques to integrate information from multiple looks and multiple modalities to improve scene understanding capabilities.
Develop and apply transfer learning and domain adaptation techniques to solve scene understanding problems where limited measured training data is available.
Perform data analysis on experimental data and identify performance improvement strategies.
Transition machine learning algorithms to prototype and/or real-time systems demonstrations.
Who You Are:
BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related technical discipline
Strong scientific software development skills
Independent analytical problem-solving skills
Experience in machine learning techniques, particularly deep learning
Motivated collaborator and excellent communicator to both technical and non-technical audiences
Some Other Relevant Skills You May Have:
Experience with Python and C/C++
Experience in developing and applying machine learning techniques to solving computer vision problems",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
213,Medical Technologist (MT) / Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLT),-1,"Sampson Regional Medical Center is hiring a Medical Technologist to join the Laboratory team!

Description:
This is a full-time position. The selected candidate will perform various waived, moderately and highly complex hematologic, chemical, immunohematologic, immunologic/serologic, microscopic, and microbiological tests on specimens to obtain data for use in diagnosis or treatment of diseases. Additional responsibilities include obtaining specimens by capillary, arterial, and venous punctures; perform equipment maintenance, calibration, and troubleshooting; process histology specimens with additional training; participate in the quality assessment and improvement programs; provide guidance to technicians, assistants, phlebotomists and students; and provide services to patients of all age categories.

Requirements:

National certification as an MT/MLS by an approved agency is preferred
Individual must meet the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA) regulations for moderate and high complexity testing and must possess one of the following:
A bachelor's or associate's degree in medical technology or an appropriate biological, chemical, medical, or physical science from an accredited institution. This includes twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory training.
A satisfactory passing grade in a proficiency examination approved by HHS (HEW) and at least twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory experience.

Your Health, Our Passion!

IND123",2.2,"Sampson Regional Medical Center
2.2","Clinton, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1949,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
214,Business Intelligence Analyst,"$48k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary*
Delta Dental of New Mexico is seeking an experienced Business Intelligence Analyst to join its Finance and Business Intelligence department. The successful candidate will be responsible for conducting analysis of internal operations as well as competitors and markets, evaluate business performance, uncover areas of improvement and support development and implementation of strategic business initiatives. If you are detail-oriented and capable of analyzing data with creativity and innovation in mind, you might be perfect for this position.
Primary Job Responsibilities*
Continuously analyze actuarial and underwriting strategies and design and implement a modified pricing strategy where required. Support price development for new and renewing key accounts
Maintain strategic plan report cards and monitor and track progress, status updates and change requests.
Proactively monitor company operations, analyze results and make recommendations to Senior Management about enhancing business performance
Develop, implement and maintain the local data management and reporting program
Evaluate, design and prepare performance review reports, such as performance guarantee reporting, annual reports, etc.
Deliver periodic reports to the Operations Leadership Team regarding industry trends and their potential impact to the business
Monitor control measures and mitigation efforts related to the Enterprise Risk Management program and prepare status and progress reports for the Risk Committee
Minimum Qualifications*
Bachelor’s Degree in Math, Business or related discipline
5+ years of experience in a business environment
Excellent Microsoft Office skills such as Excel and Word
Excellent attention to detail
Great analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving abilities
Effective communication skills, especially when interacting with cross-functional teams
Ability to consistently meet all deadlines
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $50,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location:
One location
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.7,"Delta Dental of New Mexico
3.7","Albuquerque, NM",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
215,Senior Data Analytics/Scientist,"$103k-$169k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Senior Data Analytics/Scientist to support the Chief Human Capital Office (CHCO) for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

Primary Responsibilities

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insights and trends in human capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance HCA across the IC. Centralize IC CHCO data collection and synthesis, including survey data, enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data-driven problem-solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operation questions; and incorporate insights and findings into a range of products.

Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write- ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur.

Adapt freeware solutions such as R, and modular solutions for maximum flexibility. Provide an advanced capability for data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to discover insights that help guide business decisions. Be forward leaning, exploring HCA solutions that benefit IC elements individually and collectively. Let the data tell the story including what is inconsistent or contradictory, and automate data cleansing as much as possible. Integrate data solutions and collection with IC Information Technology Enterprise to enhance connectivity with IC Elements.

Identify and customize, if necessary, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Information Technology (IT) tools for administration and data collection, or to leverage, support, and integrate the process with tools built for the IC and/or its component elements. Any tools developed shall be web-based and web-enabled, designed to maximize feedback effectiveness while protecting employee assessment information, and include both structured interview and web-based tools for gathering feedback.

Assist in the development and maintenance of financial procedural guidance, templates and data formats, for identifying IC-wide workforce numbers, to include government, military, and contractor support. Review, assess data, identify data deficiencies and recommend solutions for remediation. Support quantitative and analytic efforts for workforce planning, development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) planning displays, and analytic support for budget management and planning. Assist with ad hoc data requests from Congress, IC elements or as required by IC CHCO.

Coordinate and facilitate community of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by IC CHCO.

Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.

Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).

Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.

Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative- tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Preferred Experience:

C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.

Demonstrated expertise in supporting quantitative and analytical efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.

Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.

Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.

Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on-line and automated survey instruments.

Years of Experience: 7 years of relevant experience in a related field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, etc.).

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance/ SCI Eligibility with a CI Polygraph. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems, Inc.
4.5","Bethesda, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
216,LEAD ENGINEER - SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER - UNMANNED SYSTEMS,"$76k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


What’s the next hardest challenge for autonomous vehicles? Join our Unmanned Systems Group and help drive our research forward. Provide technical leadership and innovation, project management, and business development support to our research and development projects and programs in areas like unmanned ground and aerial vehicles (UGVs and UAVs), automated material handling, connected and automated vehicles (CAVs), automated transit, and autonomous off-road vehicles for global commercial and government clients. Our 50-person team handles everything from small investigations of new sensors to multi-year development of complete autonomous systems. See some of them at https://ivs.swri.org. Lead internal and external research projects from ideation through proposal, capture, execution, and delivery. Maintain familiarity with both industry and academic research to ensure SwRI remains on the cutting edge of valuable near- and far-term technology and capability. Share your successes at global conferences and present to industry experts and your team.


Education/Experience:


Requires a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, or a related engineering field with at least 7 years of research and development experience in robotics, autonomous systems, or a related field. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. We mostly work with vehicles, related experience is preferred. Excellent interpersonal skills and experience leading a technical team are required. You’ll need to lead your colleagues on your projects as well as help mentor junior engineers. Must be comfortable writing proposal performing business development activities. We’re looking for someone to take our research in new and challenging directions, including working with all levels of staff and being hands-on. Technical skills from programming (ROS is highly desired) to electrical and mechanical design will be very helpful and occasionally required. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
217,Senior Data Engineer,"$89k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Guild, you'll work across teams to help us build the next generation of data products. You'll work with world class data engineers to design and build the scalable, robust, and high-quality data infrastructure and data pipelines needed to support growth of our education network and SaaS platform. Ultimately, you'll help change the landscape for how we think about delivering education products to learners across the country by building a digital solution that connects students, employers, and universities to deliver education at an affordable price to students.

A day in our open, collaborative workspace might look like:
Designing, building, and expanding Guild's backend data infrastructure, including data pipelines, ETL, data ingestion, data APIs, and data warehouses
Building APIs that can be used internally or externally to serve crucial information across systems, partners, and teams
Translating complex business requirements into usable, scalable data models and systems
Mentoring other engineers and analysts on the team and sharing technical knowledge to enable others to be more effective at their jobs
In this role, you'll expand your expertise by:
Evolving our data products now and in the future by contributing to our backend data architecture
Working in an agile team environment with a high performing engineering team
Taking on a cross-functional role that will expose you to the ins and outs of Guild (working with our Product, Design, Client Success, and Student Services teams)
Receiving feedback through our learning-focused, twice annual Structured Growth Conversations
You'll know if you're successful by:
Choosing and leveraging the latest technologies in data engineering to automate data integration and loading, such as, Amazon Redshift, Redis, Java, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Python, S3 and PostgreSQL
Leveraging your experience to design solutions that will be the backbone of a highly scalable, reusable, backend data infrastructure
Ensuring our data is clean, accurate, and secure
Thriving in fast-paced and scaling environment
You'll join a team:
From diverse backgrounds – from traditional higher education, to athletic coaches, to politicians, to mental health professionals (and more!)
Of learners & problem-solvers dedicated to our dual mission of changing education in America while building a successful, high-growth company
Committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment that you'd support every day
What you'll add to Guild – as an individual and part of the broader team:
Experience building data pipelines, custom ETL processes and data warehouses
Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, or Scala
Expertise in database technologies such as Redshift, PostgreSQL, Redis, and working with large sets of data
Experience deploying solutions to cloud technology services such as Amazon Web Services
Experience improving software products through engineering best practices such as refactoring, reusability, TDD and continuous integration
A proven ability to thrive in changing environments by having a fast, flexible, cooperative work style
Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively explain technical concepts to other engineers, analysts, product managers, and stakeholders.
Experience with BI tools such as Looker, Tableau, Kibana, Chart.io, etc.
Basic experience in statistical analysis, text processing, and machine learning
Passion for higher education and our mission – Guild is pioneering a new path for education as a benefit in a complicated and regulated space – success means quickly and effectively adapting your expertise
A drive to work hard and plan for how you can refresh/recharge while working in a startup
Something else? Wonderful, we're curious to learn more about you!
About Guild:

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.5,"Guild Education
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
218,Manager / Scientist,-1,"Job Description: Provide support and manage all functions of flow cytometry scheduling, processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting for preclinical and/or clinical development within a Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) environment.*
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Managerial*
Serves as a liaison between staff and test site management
Scheduling and delegating of day to day laboratory activity to provide smooth workflow during the day.
Maintain staff by helping to recruit, select and train new employees
Communication with employees on job expectations, daily activities, enforcing SOPs, policies, procedures and productivity standards
Scientific*
Be able to take on own projects for flow cytometry processing, acquisition, analysis and reporting
Scientific Review, QC and verification of flow cytometry data and/or maintenance records
Help maintain reagent inventory and placing orders for needed materials
Laboratory maintenance including preparation of various solutions, cleaning and re-stocking of laboratory
Archiving of study and/or maintenance records
Troubleshooting of data and various pieces of equipment
Communication with scientific colleagues via email, face-to-face or phone
Work in a team-oriented environment as well as independently
Familiarity with current scientific literature
Prepare data for poster or oral presentations
Attend scientific meetings when appropriate
Be able to follow signed protocols and standard operating procedures
Write standard operating procedures and study reports
Adhere to regulatory requirements
Qualifications and Requirements: *
PhD in a life science field with 5-10 years of hands on flow cytometry experience required and 5+ year managerial experience required
Familiar with BD FACSDiva, BD FACS Canto Flow Cytometer Instrumentation, FlowJo and Microsoft Office required.
Experience in a Good Laboratory Practice and/or Clinical Research environment beneficial but not required
Good oral communication skills, multi-taking and detail oriented
Team player attitude required
M-F normal business, flexibility to work after hours and weekends
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Flow Cytometry: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you currently performing flow cytometry testing in the laboratory? What type of instruments and software do you use?
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Flow Contract Site Laboratory, LLC","Bothell, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
219,Air Compliance Staff Engineer or Scientist,"$43k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","SCS Engineers is an employee-owned environmental consulting and contracting firm that designs and implements sustainable environmental solutions. We just celebrated our 50th anniversary as a company on April 1, 2020! Our core capabilities are: solid and hazardous waste management, landfill gas, environmental due-diligence and assessment, brownfields redevelopment , site remediation, renewable energy, and regulatory compliance for businesses and municipalities responsible for protecting our air, water, and soil. Our employees take pride in their work, and together, we have the singular vision to be the environmental firm of choice for clients and our employee owners. If you thrive in a friendly, collaborative company and desire dynamic and challenging work among a team of innovative individuals, then SCS is the place for you. Are you up for the challenge?

Job Summary

To support our ongoing environmental consulting business efforts, SCS Engineers is looking for an air compliance specialist to become a long-term asset to our growing practice in California. This individual will be required to complete technical work, manage and maintain contact with clients, and manage the schedule and work product performed consistent within SCSs quality control standards. We prefer this person to be based in Long Beach, but are open to them being based in another SCS California office.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Air quality permitting and compliance; greenhouse gas emissions compliance; general regulatory compliance; various permitting for solid waste and industrial facility projects
Technical work may include completing calculations, reviewing compliance issues, preparing permitting documentation, reviewing data, research, and report writing as well as related services.
Work may also include in field activities, such as field meetings on engineering-related issues, oversight of construction activities, collection of samples, site inspections, etc.
Client interaction and preparation of proposals will be required on an as needed basis
Occasional travel may be required.
Qualifications
Bachelors of Science Degree or higher in Environmental, Chemical, or Civil Engineering, or other Science degree required
2 to 5 years of related experience in Air Quality and/or related disciplines required
Engineer-in-Training (EIT) preferred for engineering candidates
Demonstrated knowledge in Air Compliance required
Strong communication skills, oral and written (technical)
Valid drivers license with a driving record in good standing required
MS Office software, with particular demonstrated skills in MS Excel; AutoCAD and/or GIS expertise would be a plus
At SCS, you will have an opportunity to contribute to our strategic direction, help us continue to grow, and provide our clients with responsive, innovative, high quality client service. We offer excellent opportunities for career advancement and a competitive compensation package, including: medical, dental, vision, 401K, ESOP, Student Debt Employer Contribution Program, paid holidays and PTO.

SCS Engineers is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). SCS provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran or disabled status.

If you have questions, difficulty using our online system and/or you need an accommodation due to a disability then please contact us about your interest in employment at recruiting@scsengineers.com.",4.1,"SCS Engineers
4.1","Long Beach, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
220,Lead Data Scientist,-1,"Our mission is to make the best mental health tools radically accessible for everyone.

We are pioneers in building personalized digital mental health tools to help millions of people with mental health difficulties. We are building a suite of regulated, prescription only digital therapeutics as well as a sophisticated delivery platform capable of responding to the lived experience of our users.

Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of intervention science at Stanford University. Our founder has an international reputation in Digital Mental Health intervention development. And our Chairman is Andrew Ng; and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP.

There has never been a better time to use your data science skills for good. Given the recent acceleration in infrastructure to allow for the meaningful adoption of DTx, our strong product reputation and existing relationships within health systems, Woebot is in a period of explosive growth. We are looking for a product-minded data scientist to continue to create value for our users, customers, and execute on our IP strategy.

What you will do:

As a leader in the Product team, you will work cross-departmentally with clinical and engineering team members to build machine learning and AI algorithms that are the core of Woebot's intelligence. There are four areas we want you to own and drive:

Drive An Insights & Analytics Culture
You will help create data analysis and analytics pipelines that improve not only the underlying ML algorithms but also the product and the user's experience.
You will lead a team of Analysts and be responsible for good data driven hygiene, including the creation, redesign, and maintenance of analytics dashboards and BI tools such as BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or Tableau.
You will also advise on data labeling strategy so that Woebot's conversational engine is continuously improved and informs changes in features, content, and UX.
Improve User Personalization:
Woebot exchanges 4.7 M messages with our users every week. You will create & lead a data-driven personalization strategy for this audience.
We consider personalization to be key for developing a relationship over time while delivering precision interventions, that is; the right method to the right person at the right time.
Contribute To Evidence:
In the next 6 months, you'll help Woebot develop evidence & trends to demonstrate the value of our highest priority products.
You're helping answer the most pressing questions in the mental health field around engagement, dose, and treatment outcomes.
In partnership with our Clinical team and academic partners, we expect you to contribute to our pipeline of peer-reviewed published research.
In addition to some platform-related pieces, you will lead publication in Data Science and HCI research.
What Your First 90 Days Could Look Like
By Day 30 - Assess the lay of the landscape & team - and make suggestions around in house analytic tools, dashboard and strategies.
By Day 60 - understand the roadmap with our founder and reverse engineer our tailored interventions. Deliver a prioritized list of roadmap items.
By Day 90 - Submit your first publication. Execute on a plan for improving user outcomes with our analytics and ML.
Role Specific Competencies:
PhD in Data Analysis or ML/AI or computational field with 8-10+ years of applied experience
Knowledge of one or more modern ML/NLP frameworks, such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, or Keras
Track Record of publishing in peer reviewed academic literature
You've led and managed other analysts and data scientists.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
What you will add to our culture:
Strong work-ethic: Works hard to get a job done.
Proactive & flexible: Able to hit the ground running, takes responsibility for finding a way to get the job done.
Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience, are a team player motivated to help others be successful.
High standards: Applies high standards toward everything.
Humble: You want to learn and grow in the role, and are open to feedback on how to do that.
What we offer:
Competitive Salary
Stock Options
Flexible PTO
Health, Dental & Vision
Healthy Snacks & Meals
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Woebot Health
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
221,Data Analyst,"$60k-$87k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

A Data Analyst designs, executes and interprets past and real time data to identify trends, reconcile inconsistencies, and make recommendations to improved IT Service Delivery This includes active analysis of the traditional ITSM Event, Incident, Request, Problem, Knowledge, Change, Configuration and Release processes.

What Youll Get to Do:
Monitors and queries the IT Service Delivery platform to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management, and conduct proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the ITSM Process Leads and Customer Engagement teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Analyze, define, and report on trends identified in the data
Facilitate Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Leverage the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Develop and implement data collection solutions, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of information
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement and Continual Service Improvement (CSI) opportunities
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Active TS/SCI with Poly required
A bachelor's degree OR equivalent experience/4+ years of IT experience AND 1+ year of data analyst, performance management, and service delivery reporting
ITIL Foundations certification
A good understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques
Knowledge of statistics and experience with statistical tools to analyze data sets (Excel, SPSS, or SAS)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Experience with Tableau
Degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
allspark

BITS3

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
222,"Senior Data Scientist, Education","$169k-$263k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Founded by Dr. Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg in 2015, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative (CZI) is a new kind of philanthropy that's leveraging technology to help solve some of the world's toughest challenges – from eradicating disease, to improving education, to reforming the criminal justice system. Across three core Initiative focus areas of Science, Education and Justice and Opportunity, we're pairing engineering with grantmaking, impact investing, policy work, and movement building, to help build an inclusive, just and healthy future for everyone.

Our Values


We believe we can help build a future for everyone.
We aim to be daring, but humble: We look for bold ideas — regardless of structure and stage — and help them scale by pairing engineers with subject matter experts to build tools that accelerate the pace of social progress.
We want to learn fast, but build for the long-term: We want to iterate fast and help bring new solutions to the table, but we also realize that important breakthroughs often take decades, or even centuries.
Stay close to the real problems: We engage directly in the communities we serve because no one understands our society's challenges like those who live them every day.
Our success is dependent on building teams that include people from different backgrounds and experiences who can challenge each other's assumptions with fresh perspectives. To that end, we look for a diverse pool of applicants including those from historically marginalized groups — women, people with disabilities, people of color, formerly incarcerated people, people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and/or gender nonconforming, first and second generation immigrants, veterans, and people from different socioeconomic backgrounds.

The Opportunity


The ideal candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field and experience working with product teams and making data-driven decisions. You will collaborate with other data scientists, engineers, product managers, product designers, user researchers and education partners to build user-facing experiences to influence the direction of Education!

Our work in education is aimed at ensuring that every student — not just a lucky few — can get an education that's tailored to their individual needs and supports every aspect of their development. We're pairing engineering with grantmaking, impact investing, policy, and advocacy work to help every young person enter adulthood with the skills and abilities they need to reach their full potential — and equip every teacher with the tools and research they need to help students get there. An example of our work is our partnership with Summit Learning -- a personalized approach to education developed by Summit Public Schools in partnership with learning scientists, researchers, and academics. With Summit Learning, students gain the skills, knowledge and habits to succeed in college and enter adulthood with a clear vision for achieving purpose and wellbeing in life.

Our education data science team is responsible for measuring & evaluating product & program changes. For example, how product impacts student performance on cognitive skills, how schools onboard onto the program or how professional development impacts on onboarding etc. The data science team defines measurements, product metrics, provides product insights through analysis, recommends what to improve and build next, as well as collaborates & communicates with the cross-functional & leadership teams.

You will
Leverage data to understand product, identify areas of opportunity, and execute projects to drive retention & engagement of users on existing features & new pilots.
Collaborate & communicate with product, engineering, data, research, user research, educators and leadership & cross organization teams to execute, inform on current roadmap & influence next roadmap.
Design and develop product metrics, create insightful automated dashboards and data visualization to track them and extract actionable product insights.
Analyze both structured and unstructured data; develop exploratory & deep-dive analysis.
Conduct written and verbal presentation to share insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication.
You have
4+ years of product related work experience or equivalent within tech, finance, consulting or a related industry.
Extensive quantitative or statistical analysis experience, for example, hypothesis testing, experimentation, statistical modeling, time series analysis, natural language processing and psychometrics.
Extensive work experience including metrics development, data exploration, solving problems using data, building product intuition, data visualization, and providing practical business insight using data.
Excellent coding skills in SQL, and R or Python.
Excellent communications skills, with the ability to synthesize, simplify and explain complex problems to different types of audience, including executives.
Experience in working with cross-functional teams of product managers, engineers, designers, researchers and other data scientists & analysts.",3.5,"Chan Zuckerberg Initiative
3.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
223,Principal Data Scientist,"$101k-$160k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview:
Charter Communications is Americas fastest growing TV, internet and voice company. Were committed to integrating the highest quality service with superior entertainment and communications products. Charter is at the intersection of technology and entertainment, facilitating essential communications that connect 24 million residential and business customers in 41 states. Our commitment to serving customers and exceeding their expectations is the bedrock of Charters business strategy and its the philosophy that guides our 90,000 employees.

JOB SUMMARY
The Advanced Analytics group has implemented and is operating a new advanced Big Data analytics platform that enables new self-service analytics, decision engineering support, machine learning, modeling, forecasting, and optimizations in Charters Advanced Engineering organization. This position is responsible to create and maintain scalable, reliable, consistent and repeatable platforms, systems, and models that support data, data products, and analytical products for advanced analytics by gathering, processing, exploring, and modeling raw and diverse data at scale. It requires lifecycle management of multiple data sources, data discovery, and models. This position architects and delivers models, analytics, automation, and self-service, which are major tenets of the analytics platform.

The most successful candidate will have lifecycle experience in machine learning, deep learning, and/or artificial intelligence within modern parallel environments, such as GPU-enabled platforms and distributed clusters. This lifecycle includes conceiving, developing, prototyping, analyzing, and implementing models with very large (i.e., the top end of big data) and diverse datasets and in collaboration with stakeholders. Desirable experience includes using big data platforms for sources (e.g., Snowflake, AWS/s3, and Hadoop) to create deep learning and machine learning models with GPU-based Python (e.g., NVIDIA/DGX/RAPIDS).

MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Frames and models meaningful business and engineering scenarios that impact critical business and engineering processes, architectures, and/or decisions

Researches, develops, and implements machine learning models, deep learning models, artificial intelligence, and algorithms that solve business and engineering problems

Develops innovative and effective approaches to solve model problems while communicating the results and methodologies

Leverages multiple data sources to produce products that solve the needs of business and engineering for descriptive models, predictive models, diagnostic models, and prescriptive models

Applies data mining, data discovery, machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence techniques to large structured and unstructured datasets for model creation

Gathers and processes raw data at scale from any source and in any format

Balances workloads and operational demands with open source technologies, cloud services, and commercial solutions while optimizing cost and time-to-solution demands

Creates highly reusable code modules, templates, and packages that can be leveraged across model lifecycle

Increases speed to delivery by architecting and implementing automated solutions

Mentors, educates, and provides senior leadership to data scientists, data analysts, and data engineers

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Ability to create proof of concept experiments for analytics, machine learning, or visualization tools that includes hypothesis, test plans, and outcome analysis.

Ability to create unsupervised and supervised models. Time series expertise is a plus.

Solid statistical knowledge and techniques.

Exceptional programming skills in Python

Experience with one of the deep learning frameworks, such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.

Develop highly scalable systems, algorithms, and tools to support machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence solutions.

Lifecycle management using Docker and containerization.

Experience with Snowflake, AWS, Hadoop, and/or Spark.

Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills.

Extracting data and delivering complete analytics and machine learning products primarily using Python; secondary experience with R, Java, Javascript, C, C++, Scala, or Julia is an asset.

Work closely with other data scientists, data engineers, and systems/infrastructure teams to deploy end-to-end models capable of serving production traffic in real-time.

Develop, integrate and optimize model/AI/ML/DL pipelines.

Leverage modern parallel environments, e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, GPU, TPU and FPGA.

Design and implement feedback loops for continual model updates and improvements

Experience receiving, converting, and cleansing big data.

Visualization or BI tools, such as Tableau, Microstrategy, RapidMiner, or anything Microsoft Power BI.

Program, product, or project management experience delivering model and analytics results.

Strong background in Linux/Unix/CentOS/MacOS and Windows installation and administration.

Keen attention to detail with the ability to effectively prioritize and execute multiple tasks.

Ability to read, write, speak and understand English.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Jupyter Notebooks, NVIDIA GPU-based Deep Learning, and NVIDIA RAPIDS.
Familiarity with APIs: Javascript API, Rest API or Data Extract APIs.
Familiarity with data workflow/data prep platforms, such as Alteryx, Pentaho, or KNIME.
Familiarity with DevOps/CI/CD/automation/configuration/orchestration management using Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Airflow, or equivalents.
Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.
Knowledge of Agile, Scrum, and SAFe environments. Experience delivering within these environment a plus.

Education
Bachelor's degree in a data science, engineering discipline, computer science, statistics, applied math, or related field required.
Masters degree in a data science, engineering discipline, computer science, statistics, applied math, or related field preferred.

Related Work Experience
3-5+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, deep learning, recommendation systems, natural language processing, fraud detection or artificial intelligence
3-5+ years of experience of lifecycle management in one or more of the following from idea to deployment: artificial intelligence, deep learning models, machine learning models, recommendation systems, natural language processing, or fraud detection.
3-5+ years of experience in data engineering position and/or software development.
Experience delivering multiple systems where candidate was responsible for designing the architecture, implementing, operating, supporting, and managing the release lifecycle from inception to end of life.
7-10+ years of hands-on working experience with Python, RDBMS, SQL, scripting, and coding.
Proven experience in translating insights into business recommendations.

WORKING CONDITIONS
Charter Technical Engineering Center

Highly collaborative and innovative work space

Occasional Travel",3.0,"SPECTRUM
3.0","Englewood, CO",-1,10000+ Employees,2016,Subsidiary or Business Segment,"Cable, Internet & Telephone Providers",Telecommunications,$10+ billion (USD),-1
224,Senior Data Engineer,"$67k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta has an immediate need for a Senior Data Engineer to join a fast-paced program in support of a government customer with a very critical national security mission. This is a multi-year program, where the successful candidate will work on an interdisciplinary project team of more than 30 highly qualified individuals with a wide array of skills that include client (reactjs), server (spring java), QA Automation Engineers, UI/UX Designers, and DevOps engineers. The team is responsible for building a next generation Mission Information System and is performing greenfield Software Development using modern technologies via an Agile DevOps approach.

This Senior Data Engineer will play a vital role collaborating as part of this cross-functional Agile team to create and enhance data ingestion pipelines and address big data challenges. The Senior Data Engineer will work closely with the Chief Architect, systems engineers, software engineers, and data scientists on the following key tasks:
Provide Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL) experience coupled with enterprise search capabilities to solve Big Data challenges
Design and implement high-volume data ingestion and streaming pipelines using Open Source frameworks like Apache Spark, Flink, Nifi, and Kafka on AWS Cloud
Leverage strategic and analytical skills to understand and solve customer and business centric questions
Create prototypes and proofs of concept for iterative development
Learn new technologies and apply the knowledge in production systems
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the enterprise data pipelines and the data lake
Partner with various teams to define and execute data acquisition, transformation, processing and make data actionable for operational and analytics initiatives

Required Qualifications / Experience:

BS in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or a related technical field or equivalent experience with at least 8+ years in systems engineering or administration (6+ years with a MS/MIS Degree).
Must have an active Top Secret security clearance and able to obtain a TS/SCI with Polygraph.
3 years of experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, NiFi.
3 years of experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python (preferred) and/or Java.
3 years of experience with and managing data across relational SQL and NoSQL databases like MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, HDFS, Redis, and Elasticsearch.
3 years of experience working in a Linux environment.
2 years of experience working with and designing REST APIs.
Experience in designing/developing platform components like caching, messaging, event processing, automation, transformation and tooling frameworks.
Experience developing data ingest workflows with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, Kafka Streams and/or Flink.
Experience transforming data in various formats, including JSON, XML, CSV, and zipped files.
Experience with performance tuning of ETL jobs.
Experience developing flexible ontologies to fit data from multiple sources and implementing the ontology in the form of database mappings / schemas.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills necessary to work effectively with customers and other team members.

Preferred Qualifications / Experience:

Data engineering experience in the Intelligence Community or other government agencies.
Experience with Microservices architecture components, including Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience developing microservices to fit data cleansing, transformation and enrichment needs.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, S3, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Athena and/or Glue.
Experience with Jira, Confluence and extensive experience with Agile methodologies.
Knowledge about security and best practices.
Experience developing flexible data ingest and enrichment pipelines, to easily accommodate new and existing data sources.
Experience with software configuration management tools such as Git/Gitlab, Salt, Confluence, etc.
Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) pipelines and their enabling tools such as Jenkins, Nexus, etc.
Detailed oriented/self-motivated with the ability to learn and deploy new technology quickly.

Clearance Level: TS/SCI with Poly

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Reston, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
225,Staff BI and Data Engineer,"$105k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description: Staff BI and Data Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA (or) New York, NY
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering
Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a hands-on and self-driven Staff BI and Data Engineer, preferably with experience in the bank card loyalty/fin-tech/advertising/marketing space, to enhance and automate its data and analytics infrastructure to support its growing customer base and expanding partner ecosystem. The position is based in San Jose, CA., and reports into the Data Engineering division. The demand for advanced analytical solutions continues to grow exponentially, and this is your opportunity to grow with us in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools such as SQL, Python, and Tableau to query and process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Develop high quality analytical data assets with an eye towards process efficiency and automation through scripting. Experience in building data marts is a plus.
Build automated QA process to validate the quality of the data and report on data quality
Communicate and present data to both internal and external customers by developing reports/dashboards/charts using BI tools such as Tableau
Work closely with a dynamic and growing team of account managers, data engineers and data scientists to perform quantitative analysis of customer data, including gathering data requirements and validate data, applying judgement and statistical analysis to assist with planning and decision making.
Other responsibilities include but not limited to - data validation, troubleshooting issues, and process documentation.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
At least 3 years of hands-on experience in designing and building data pipelines, analytical data applications and BI Reporting.
Proficient in SQL and Tableau, familiar with at least one coding language in Python/Shell scripting.
Experience in using Cloud based managed services and Big Data Environments for data warehousing/analytics is a big plus – e.g. Amazon RedShift, Google BigQuery, Spark, MapR etc.,
Very strong written and verbal communication skills; Ability to tell a story with the data
Analytical thinker, with an ability to evaluate multiple products/technologies to address various aspects of a big data platform.
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Strong organization skills with attention to detail is a must.
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box
Knowledge of Retail and Financial verticals is useful but not required.",3.1,"Affinity Solutions
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
226,Data Analyst,"$43k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:

Develop, implement, and maintain leading-edge analytic systems, taking complicated problems and building simple frameworks
Identify trends and opportunities for growth through analysis of complex data sets
Evaluate organizational methods and provide source-to-target mappings and information-model specification documents for data sets
Create best-practice reports based on data mining, analysis, and visualization
Evaluate internal systems for efficiency, problems, and inaccuracies, developing and maintaining protocols for handling, processing, and cleaning data
Work directly with management and users to gather requirements, provide status updates, and build relationships
Work closely with project managers to understand and maintain focus on their analytical needs, including identifying critical metrics and KPIs, and deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity
Create and maintain rich interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Define and implement data and integration logic, selecting appropriate combination of methods and tools within defined technology stack to ensure optimal scalability and performance of the solution
Develop and maintain databases by acquiring data from primary and secondary sources, and build scripts that will make our data evaluation process more flexible or scalable across data sets (1.) Suggest design solutions (2.) To participate and facilitate the walkthrough’ to brief the Functional Specification mapping to Business Requirements. (3.) To prepare the functional specification document and ensure for completeness and storage. (4.) To prepare and / or aid the preparation of test cases in line with functional requirements (5.) To understand the business requirements and map it to functional specifications.

Required Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in a related field and 2 years’ experience in Business Intelligence (BI) or Data Warehouses and 2 years’ experience working with SQL and Access. Four additional years of related experience will be considered in lieu of a Bachelor's degree.
5 years experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modeling (regression, correlation, clustering, etc.).
4 year of experience consulting or experience in a similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery.
3 years experience using analytics tools and languages R, Python, SAS, Oracle and SQL etc.
3 years experience combining data sets, extracting key variables, and creating new variables to enhance modeling.
3 years experience performing basic ETL functions and understanding of data quality steps/measures.
US Citizen; no dual citizenship.
Minimum of a Secret Interim clearance to start (Day 1 requirement).
CompTIA Security+ certification required to start (Day 1 requirement).
Adept at using Access, Excel, Power Point and Word.
General Data Warehouse / Business Intelligence knowledge including data modeling and Key Performance Indicators (PKIs) preferably in the SAP Business Objects environment.
AWS experience highly desired

#ind#

CDO is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"CDO Technologies Inc
3.3","San Antonio, TX",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
227,"Quantitative Analyst, Investing Intelligence","$82k-$158k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you an Analytics Indiana Jones? Do you enjoy digging up unique insights in the strangest, most remote datasets, but you know how to properly handle artifacts? If you answered “yes” to any of those questions, then we would love to talk with you about joining our Investing Intelligence team as a Quantitative Analyst

Our purpose at The Motley Fool is to help people become Smarter, Happier, and Richer. We educate people on everything from how to choose the best credit card to how to make the most of their 401(k). The Economist has called The Motley Fool “an ethical oasis” within the financial industry, and we are looking to expand our unique brand of advice to even more kinds of financial conundrums.

If you think you have what it takes to join our band of merry Fools, please send us your resume and Foolishly written cover letter!

Required Qualifications:
• You have undergraduate training in either Statistics, Finance, Economics or a similar discipline and 4 years of applied experience. Or, you have a similar graduate degree with 2 years of experience.

• You’re fascinated by markets and investing. You’ve either applied your quantitative skills to markets as a professional or as a passionate hobbyist. (Self-taught hackers who can show their skills are always welcome!)

• You write terse, powerful code in R or Python, both for interactive analysis and building robust, analytics systems.

• SQL is your jam. You don't just query a database – you interrogate it. Bonus points for advanced experience building functions and stored procedures and comfort specifically with SQL Server and PostgreSQL.

• You find unconventional solutions to questions that aren't covered in textbooks. You're comfortable working with dirty data, nonparametric analysis and drawing conclusions from incomple inf...

Preferred Skills:
• You got the jokes in the last section.

• You have experience working with financial data, particularly index development, factor research, strategy backtesting and performance attribution.

• You can tell your histograms from your Lorenz curves and know your way around visualization tools, like ggplot2 and matplotlib, and reporting platforms, like Periscope Data and Tableau.

• You’re a full stack quant and know how to get your hands dirty with less glamorous tasks like data cleaning and ETL. You've developed robust ETL pipelines, using tools like Talend, Xplenty and Microsoft SSIS.

Key Projects and Responsibilities:

• Collaborate with the other analysts on original alpha research, searching the universe for factors that help our models beat the stock market

• Conduct Brinson and factor-based performance attribution to help the Fool’s fundamental research analysts and services understand their performance and make better decisions.

• Help design and implement a robust system meant to keep data from various sources clean and flowing to the team’s research

• Conduct ad-hoc research for stakeholders across the marketing, product and investing teams into what investment strategies and policies generate the best returns

• Pitch in on efforts to infuse data-driven investing insights throughout our business lines.",4.6,"The Motley Fool
4.6","Alexandria, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
228,Sr. DATA SCIENTIST,"$155k-$247k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Title: Sr. Data Scientist

Company: Samsung Research America (SRA)

Lab: Visual Display Intelligence Lab

Location: Mountain View, CA

Lab Summary:

At Visual Display Intelligence lab, Samsung Research America, we operate as a start-up while leveraging the broader assets of a larger global enterprise. We do advance research and development to immensely benefit our core business verticals in the space of Ads and Marketing. Our team primarily focuses on processing huge data sets, build robust and scalable big data pipelines, conduct advanced research in implementing state-of-the-art ML and AI techniques, build data services that are both real-time and batch based. All those combined provide the best-in-class experience to our customers across consumer electronics and internet of things. Many of our engineers take pride in publications, filing A-grade patents and build robust products and services.

Position Summary:

As a Staff Software Engineer you will primarily focus on building unified Audience platform by working directly with Product Managers, Lab leaders, researchers, Big data/AI/ML engineers, brainstorm different ideas and also build POCs and propose projects that cater to the broader business needs. If there is evinced interest to invest on those projects, you could lead them to fruition. You will help design data pipelines, maintain large scale distributed systems, help manage the modern data warehousing infrastructure, analyze key metrics for decision makers to provide visual insights that will change the company direction and benefit consumers. The ideal candidate will be someone who comes from a strong analytical background that has demonstrated experience in the following areas:

Responsibilities:
Build and maintain large scale distributed systems to support the whole pipeline from data collection and training to deployment and real-time serving
Write efficient implementations of ML algorithms over CPUs & GPUs
Integrate our in-house systems with open source technologies like Kubernetes and Tensorflow
Build abstractions to automate various steps in different ML workflows
Build tools to debug, visualize and inspect various features and models
Work with the engineers who use the platform, and help them be more impactful by improving the platform
Minimum Qualifications:
Strong knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, operating system, computer networks.
(5+ years) Software development experience, ideally in Python, Scala or Java
(5+ years) Experience with MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, Redis, Redshift, OracleDB or MongoDB
(3+ years) Microservice-oriented architectures and related OSS technologies (e.g. Kubernetes, Kafka, Celery/RabbitMQ, nginx, Redis, Airflow, etc)
(3+ years) Experience working in distributed and streaming environment, preferably using Spark, Kafka, Flink etc
(3+ years) Experience with AWS in an enterprise environment
(3+ years) CI/CD and test automation frameworks (Cypress.io, Jenkins, Appium, UIAutomation, Bazel, etc)
Preferred Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field
Strong communication and inter-personal skills
Experience with leading large-scale multi-engineer projects
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.",3.7,"Samsung Research America
3.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
229,Senior Data Scientist 4 Artificial Intelligence,"$74k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311095

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
230,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"Formation provides personalization for the largest enterprise businesses in the world. We work with high-volume data streams and apply Data Science to bring individualized multi-step promotions to customers. Our Data Science Team is transforming the relationships between Fortune 500 companies and their customers.

You'll work in small teams with a common goal: create excellent data science solutions anchored in a culture of quality, customer focus, and growth.

As a Senior Data Scientist at Formation you will work in an agile environment to prioritize and test hypotheses using principles of rigorous experimental design. You understand that Data Science is an expansive area and no line of code is written until you have clearly defined the problem, methods, and definition of done. Your guidance on causal inference, machine learning techniques, and work prioritization will be sought by other team members. You will contribute to process documentation, and methodology design and review. You will create platform architecture specifications as you work with Engineering and Product Management to integrate Data Science processes into the product platform.

You understand that bugs, inadequate processes, and less than ideal code are part of building a startup. You welcome the challenge of solving these kind of problems while building a great product with the Data Science team.

You will report to the Manager of Data Science.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with Solution Architects and Customer Success to determine how to best apply Formation's product to client use cases
Explore and understand unfamiliar data-sets with tools such as Apache Spark and AWS Athena
Determine metrics and conduct power analysis to determine the feasibility and design of experiments
Implement processing pipelines to clean and process source data
Present experimental methodology and results to Fortune 500 clients
Work with Engineering and Product to standardize and integrate DS workflows into Formation's product
Provide mentorship and prioritization of DS work to junior Data Scientists
Skills and Experience:
Minimum 5 years experience as a Data Scientist, or 3 years experience as a Data Scientist at a startup
Proficient with the Python scientific ecosystem, Apache Spark, and SQL
Have foundational software engineering skills such as bash scripting, version control, and continuous integration
Have worked with job schedulers such as Apache Airflow
Knowledge of experimental design and analysis of results
Understand common concepts related to e-commerce, e.g. lifetime value, net incremental revenue, and churn
Machine learning proficiency with a focus on recommender systems and supervised learning techniques
Experience with optimization techniques such as constrained linear optimization and contextual bandits
Experience in customer onboarding and long-term customer engagement
Experience participating in talent screening and interviewing
About Formation:

Formation distills complex customer data into uniquely tailored experiences; we orchestrate physical and digital exchanges into one seamless journey. Our business is building lasting, trusted relationships between people and brands—and making it look easy.

We're already reaching millions of people a day, and we're just getting started. Our founding leadership is equal parts business, design, and engineering—because we believe differing perspectives + passionate discourse achieve the greatest outcomes. We give our whole selves. We love learning new things.

Formation is committed to inclusion and diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. You will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

If you're up for the challenge of a lifetime, we're looking for outstanding talent to join our team.

Benefits:

Among our many benefits:
100% medical, dental, and vision
Discretionary PTO policy in addition to 11 paid holidays per year
401K
Commuter Benefits",2.8,"Formation
2.8",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
231,Epitaxy Scientist,"$40k-$88k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Responsibilities
Develop, optimize and characterize III-nitride LED epi structures
Improve epi material quality and LED performance
Analyze growth and characterization data and correlate to device performance
Lead epi development projects to improve epi and chip yield
Summarize R&D results and prepare reports
Transfer new developments to production
Make recommendations for new/improved characterization techniques to solve material and device issues
Make suggestions for MOCVD hardware improvements
Other duties as assigned
Minimum Requirements
PhD/MS in Material Science, Electrical Engineering or other related science or engineering discipline
PhD with 2+ years or MS with 5+ years of hands-on experience with MOCVD nitride epitaxy and material characterization techniques (XRD, AFM, SEM, TEM, PL, etc.)
Strong background in semiconductor material science and epitaxial growth
US Citizen or Permanent Resident
Skill Requirements
Strong self initiative and motivation
Must be organized, detailed, and thorough
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Ability to summarize data and prepare reports
EEO Statement

Sensor Electronic Technology, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be provided equal consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, genetic information, military status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or protected veteran status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
SETi
Company's Facebook page:
SETi
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"Sensor Electronic Technology, Inc
3.1","Columbia, SC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
232,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - DECISION TECHNOLOGIES,"$43k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join a team that develops creative solutions for a variety of commercial and military applications across the human performance domain; physical, cognitive, and social. Interface with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives on a frequent basis. Work in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation. Apply aspects of systems engineering, an understanding of biomechanical and physiological systems, and the nature and limitations of hardware and software to ensure that the underlying systems work properly. Additional information about the type of work can be found at: https://hpi.swri.org.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or closely related disciplines with 0-2 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have coursework or experience in more than one of the following: image and video processing, network and routing protocols, and machine learning or neural networks. Strong software skills are required. Experience in C++, C#, and/or Python is preferred. Experience with Linux, real-time operating systems, user interface design, and/or multithreaded programming is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. Must be able to work in project team environments and independently. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail with an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
233,Business Analytics Consultant (Bilingual: English & Spanish),"$47k-$90k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This role will work closely with the General Manager of the Andean and Southern Cone region and report to the Director of Latin America Commercial Operations.

Responsibilities

Essential Duties and Job Functions:

Gathers and analyzes internal and external information on sales trends, patient reach, market share, competitor data and pricing for all relevant therapeutic areas. Makes business recommendations based on these analyses.
Conducts market assessments, research and surveys to prepare sales forecasts.
Manages business analytics process for the L9 (Andean and Southern Cone) region. Prepares regular sales reports, dashboards, and scorecards.
Sales force effectiveness reporting and analytics
Keeps ups with new analytics capabilities and sources of information. Recommends and implements improvements to reporting tools, models, and systems; identifies and manages external data sources and vendors.
Prepares business cases and presentations for senior management.
Manages projects locally and as a part of the global team to implement best practices adopted in other parts of the company or used by the industry.
Qualifications

Knowledge, Experience and Skills:

Demonstrates strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Must be able to think critically and be comfortable making assumptions when data or information is incomplete or conflicting.
Excellent project management skills, highly focused on implementation and achievement of tangible results.
Able to make high-impact presentations in small and large settings and deliver clear proposals to senior management.
Knowledge of data visualization tools and databases
Be curious and eager to learn proactively about various therapeutic areas, epidemiology, and stay up to date on country’s economic and healthcare trends.
Strong team player with experience working in international settings. Demonstrates cultural agility and adaptability in a changing environment.
Creative and open-minded individual who fosters an environment in which sharing of ideas is encouraged.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a business, finance, economics or related field.
Familiarity with the Latin America region, specifically Andean and Southern Cone.
Experience in a pharmaceutical environment preferred.
Fluency in Spanish and English language proficiency is required.

To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status.

PRA is an EEO/AA employer and is committed to providing opportunities to minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Options
Apply for this job onlineApply
Share
Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.
Share on your newsfeed
Connect With Us!",3.8,"PRA Health Sciences
3.8","Miami, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
234,"Data Scientist, Product Development","$55k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Spokeo is a people search engine that both enlightens and empowers our customers. With over 12 billion records and 18 million visitors per month, we reconnect friends, reunite families, prevent fraud, and more.

We are looking for a Data Scientist, Product Development to join us in Pasadena, CA, and help us turn our vast repository of data into usable information leveraging solutions that include matching techniques, machine learning, and graph theory to resolve entities across disparate data sets. Ultimately, these entity relationships will be used to build models that will be incorporated into the Spokeo product suite. This is part of Spokeo's Data Operations Team and is not an analytics-based role.

Responsibilities:
Profiling, processing, and evaluating large structured and unstructured data sets.
Developing data-driven models.
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods.
Collaborating with product and engineering to understand the needs of the company and assisting with the development of innovative solutions to meet those needs.
Productionalizing and maintaining algorithms primarily focused on entity resolution, linking, and scoring.
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and quality assurance metrics to constantly track performance.
Keeping up to date with the latest technology trends.
Performing Ad-hoc analysis and presenting results.
Requirements:
Degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, or other quantitative fields.
Minimum of 3 years of working experience in analytics, data mining, data visualization, and/or predictive modeling.
Proficiency in working with statistical tools (such as R, SAS), database query languages (SQL), and scripting languages (Python required).
Experience with Hadoop and NoSQL related technologies such as MapReduce, Spark, Hive, ElasticSearch, and DynamoDB.
Comfortable training and communicating complex ideas to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated ability to lead and execute projects from start to finish.
Privacy Notice for Candidates: https://www.spokeo.com/recruiting-policy

Spokeo is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Spokeo fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best products and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.

Recruiters or staffing agencies: Spokeo is not obligated to compensate any external recruiter or search firm who presents a candidate or their resume or profile to a Spokeo employee without 1) a current, fully-executed agreement on file and 2) being assigned to the open position (as a search) via our applicant tracking solution.

]]>",3.6,"Spokeo
3.6","Pasadena, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
235,Lead Data Scientist,"$102k-$166k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary
Tranzact is hiring a lead data scientist to assist our team in driving our data science and analytics group forward. You’ll be joining a group of curious, smart, technically minded yet business savvy data scientists looking to make a difference to the company by further designing and building out our data decisioning capabilities. We have been up and running for several years and our team must grow to meet the demands of our business partners—they see the value we have provided and want more.

The Lead Data Scientist is passionate about using data and insights to drive business strategy and develop data products. A successful candidate will manage data science projects including scoping, designing, and executing the vision with the help of more junior data scientists / analysts. They would also identify and prioritize initiatives to deliver value to our internal stakeholders. The ideal candidate would have experience managing data science projects, managing stakeholders, and working cross functionally. This person would have real world experience “in the data trenches” as a data scientist and be an all-star individual contributor. We expect this person to have a passion for driving projects for business outcomes, strong analytical skills, and a strong desire to make an impact in our growing data science practice!

What you’ll do:
Become the domain expert in multiple areas of the Tranzact business (i.e. retention, call center effectiveness, etc.) and contribute to the advancement of those area through thought leadership.
Lead new projects and initiatives through understanding business needs, executing, presenting and influencing stakeholders.
Be a technical leader on the team that can advise, mentor, and delegate tasks to more junior data scientists and analysts.
Facilitate data-driven decision making and prioritize initiatives.
Develop strong cross functional partnerships with business and technology stakeholders.
Act as a subject matter expert within the organization on all things data.
Find new and improved ways for us to use data in our products, operations, and business strategies.

What we do:
We achieve competitive advantage through data-driven marketing and full management of the customer experience. We’re constantly refining our technology and our strategies, that’s why we’re the industry leader in delivering the best results to the top insurance brands in America.

That’s not just lip service either, we’re consistently awarded partner of the year from brands like AFLAC, Humana, and more. Our work has also been featured on The Dr. Oz Show, Forbes, and Vox -- to name a few.

We want people who fit within our Be Real culture. We want a diversity of programmers and writers and designers and data scientists and strategists and more. We’re made up of introverts and extroverts, suits and rebels, corporate types and anti-corporate types. We’re an environment where every person feels their full potential is only limited by their ability to conceive of it and make it happen. Our company grew from entrepreneurial roots but has big company resources to get amazing things done.

What we’re looking for:
BA/BS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)
5 years of experience in data science at a B2C or direct to consumer company (experience in marketing, business operations, or customer retention is a plus)
Experience implementing predictive and prescriptive models in production systems
Experience managing data science projects and mentoring data scientists / analysts
Proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and a data visualization tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines
Experience communicating strategy and results to different audiences
Ability to work cross functionally and influence others
A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business
Ability to be objective, follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data
Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing
What’s in it for you:
Medical, dental, vision, paid time off/holidays, 401(k), and bonus opportunity
Frequent office events and outings
Employee development programs, conference and training reimbursement
Work remote flexibility
Joining a growing and exciting team making a big impact on the business!
EOE, including disability/vets",3.8,"TRANZACT
3.8","Fort Lee, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
236,Machine Learning Engineer,"$68k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Perspecta Labs

Perspecta Labs generates transformative applied research to fuel solutions for our customers’ unique challenges. We are a self-sustaining research center within Perspecta that provides applied research and engineering to enable government agencies, utilities and commercial enterprises to fully exploit the future of communications, analytics and cyber security.

Responsibilities

Perspecta has an exciting opportunity for a Machine Learning Software Engineer to aid on the development of machine learning models and the software that is needed for the training and deployment of these machine learning model. In addition, the qualified candidate will engineer both structure and unstructured data that will be fed to and taken from the machine learning models. Because the qualified candidate will be working closely with the Data Scientist, the candidate must have general understanding of machine learning. This position is located onsite at Picatinny Arsenal, NJ.

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Physics, Mathematics, Electrical, Computer, or Software Engineering
3 -5 years experience developing machine learning models in areas such as classification from video, object detection and classification, and reinforcement learning.
Experience with machine learning algorithms such as Neural Networks, Boosting algorithms, Decision Trees, etc.
Software development experience in Python and/or C++ Experience in software design and development Experience with TensorFlow and other machine learning libraries
Broad knowledge in current machine learning techniques and ability to adapt novel techniques to research questions

Preferred Skills:

Familiarity with reinforcement learning and computer vision techniques would be a plus
Good Communication and Presentation skills are a plus. E
xperience with Linux is highly desirable.

The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen and possess and be able to maintain a DOD Secret Security Clearance, as a qualification and condition for employment.

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Wharton, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
237,Senior Scientist,-1,"Summary:

The Sr. Scientist – Pharmaceutical Technology, with guidance, will perform various duties related to process development/optimization, Tech Transfer, process validation activities as mandated by cGMP’s policies/procedures and Frontida quality standards. Perform data analysis of production processes, new products/process technology transfers, and validation. Prepare and execute process development/optimization study protocols, manufacturing and packaging experimental/ feasibility study/ validation batch records and protocols and complete interim and/or final summary reports for marketed and new products. Perform or assist on-site and site-change technical transfer, scale-up or scale-down factor evaluation, manufacturing/packaging process, equipment troubleshooting, SOP preparation and review. Work closely with internal and client company Research & Development, Quality Control, Operations, Quality Assurance, Engineering, Materials Management, and PM groups. Represent Process Development (PD) at assigned project team meetings.

Responsibilities:
Prepare and execute protocols, batch manufacturing records, and interim/final reports for experimental/feasibility/stability/optimization/validation batches
Make sure that the sampling & testing are completed, while executing the above studies, and are in line with the protocol/plan
Monitor all in-process data/analytical data and escalate to management as needed
Author/update master batch records, as required
Perform or assist technical transfers, scale-up or Scale down evaluations, troubleshooting of manufacturing/packaging process and equipment
Review, as necessary, all pertinent Project Quotes, NDA / ANDA documentation, batch history, and technical transfer reports prior to validation activities
Prepare and execute Validation documents (protocols, batch records, and reports)
support Operations as needed for initial commercial batch manufacturing so that Operations team learns full product knowledge
Coordinate with Facilities Engineering, Operations/Mfg./Pkg., R&D, QC, and QA for timely execution of manufacturing and packaging experimental/ feasibility study/validation projects
Develop & manage cross-functional interdepartmental project plans, identify resource conflicts, facilitate communication across the departments that impact the timeline
Discuss any unusual observations during manufacturing, conduct and/or support investigations on deviations as needed
Follow established practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained
Conduct training to related department personnel on all technical and project- related documents, such as Batch records, Deviations, Investigations, protocols, and SOP etc.
Interact daily with internal/external team members and/or functional peer groups, other teams/departments
Present technical information, as needed
Qualifications:
_Education & Experience_*
Bachelors of Science degree in Pharmaceutical Technology or Chemical Engineering
10+ years' with BS or 8+ years’ with MS or 6+ years’ with PhD of relevant experience in the above field
_Knowledge/Proficiency_*
Working knowledgeable of Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), FDA, OSHA, EPA, DEA, other regulatory requirements, lean manufacturing, and Six-Sigma concepts, continuous improvement etc.
Well versed with pharmaceutical unit operations and their scale-up principles
Working knowledge of pharmaceutical manufacturing principles, process techniques, hands on equipment knowledge, rand regulatory practices
Modified Release Dosage formulation & process development - mainly oral solids
Particle/Pellet coating (FBD Wurster)
Good Understanding of QbD (CPPs/CMAs/CQAs), risk assessment, and PATs
Well versed with Analytical test methodologies (ex: BU, CU, Assay, and Dissolution profile, Discriminating media, etc.)
Understanding of equipment qualification/calibration requirements, cleaning validation, verification, and Process validation
Basic/Intermediate statistical analysis {variance, SD, Cp, Cpk, regression analysis, etc.)
Understands the fundamental CMO/CRO business drivers of Frontida
Personal computer operation and MS applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Project etc.)
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.frontidabiopharm.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.6,"Frontida BioPharm, Inc.
3.6","Aurora, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
238,Data Scientist Principal,"$98k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Schneider is seeking an innovative Principal Data Scientist to join our Engineering team. Our Principal Data Scientists, foster thought leadership in analytics and decision sciences to elevate the performance of the enterprise. You will proactively evaluate new technologies and identify industry best practices, while leveraging our existing processes and technical capabilities to deliver exceptional results.

Our Principal Data Scientists:
Foresee future challenges and provide perspective and insight on how to best position the department and enterprise for success.
Represent Schneider as a thought leader within the industry and academia through symposiums, annual meetings and partnerships.
Design, collaborate and implement solutions and new proof of concepts using new and existing technologies.
Mentor junior associates and collaborate with diverse departments to frame and solve business opportunities.
Oversee external relationships with software vendors to influence product functionality and our academic partners to influence curriculum design.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Ideal candidates will have:
Earned a PhD degree in Data or Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Economics, Mathematics, or related field, plus eight years of relevant work experience. Or a master’s degree plus ten years of relevant work experience.
Proficient understanding in designing and implementing data science models using open source as well as commercial programming languages.
A demonstrated ability to understand the uses and limitations of statistical and programming methodologies to select the appropriate methodology to complete projects.
Experience working with Java and/or Python.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.
Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com.

Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
239,Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track,"$60k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job Title

Data Science All Star Program - Data Scientist Track

Job
ID

27241005

Duration

Location

Columbia,

MD

Other Location

Description

Dynamic, Fast-growing, Entrepreneurial Data Science Solutions Company seeking data Scientists! If you’ve got entrepreneurial spirit and passion, are driven by results, and want to be a part of significant growth, we’re looking for you!

BLEND360 is a multi-award winning Marketing Company who is privileged to provide our services to some of the most respected and recognized brands in the world. At BLEND360 it is all about advancing our clients marketing capabilities and performance.

If you are ready to ignite the fire for digital marketing and join our team, please keep reading!

*************************************************************************************

Our Data Science All Stars Program is a 6-month consultant training program for master’s graduates in Analytics, Statistics, and other quantitative programs. Participants will have the opportunity to learn from top Data Scientists, work on real-world analytics projects, and gain experience with Fortune 500 clients across a variety of verticals. They will work alongside our Data Scientists to get data into proper shape, perform statistical analyses and develop predictive models to solve our clients’ business problems.

The primary objective of this program is to develop participants into productive, client engaged BLEND360 employees and set the foundation to build a fast track career in one of 4 areas:

Data Science

Data Engineering

Marketing- Adobe Cloud

Marketing Analytics .

The All-star focused on Data Science will receive internal training on tools, technology platforms (R, SQL, Excel) and modeling processes, learn how to apply theory to actual client project work, and hone business skills and applications of Data Science skills on business problems.

The four main areas of training will be:
Analytical methods
Technology programs and platforms
Data management and analysis
Business applications and approaches
The Details:
Location: Columbia, MD
Travel: Up to 25% (could be as much as 30% - 40% depending on projects)
Duration:Full-time
Benefits:Health, Vision, Dental, 401K plan, Life Insurance, Pretax Commuter Benefits, and an incredibly supportive team cheering you on!
Desired Qualifications:
MS degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Math, or another quantitative discipline
Previous Data Science or Analytical experience or internships
Knowledge of predictive modeling and statistical analysis, as well as machine learning, text mining, geo-spatial analytics, time series forecasting, or optimization
Experience with one or more Advanced Data Science software languages such as R, Python, MATLAB, SAS, Java, or PHP
Experience with structured or un-structured data analysis tools such as SQL, Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Hive, Pig, etc.
Experience with Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, or other digital analytics tools a plus",4.5,"Blend360
4.5","Columbia, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
240,Consumer Lending Data Analyst,"$44k-$78k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are searching for a Consumer Lending Data Analyst to research and analyze data in order to make strategic business recommendations. In this role, you will perform competitor research to enhance our product strategy and direction. Having 3 years' experience in a complex analyst role will help you succeed in this role. Additionally, having an understating of lending principals and risk metrics will help the candidate be successful.

Here's what you can expect from the job and what you need to be successful:

Job Duties:

In partnership with key stakeholders, analyze, test and launch new initiatives to increase productivity
Provide data driven insights and recommendations to various departments within the credit union
Perform key competitor research and analysis to better inform product strategy and direction
Creating advanced reports, dashboards and deep dive analyses that inform and drive the
credit union’s product and business strategy
Create and refine predictive models on product, marketing, and risk initiatives
Uncover actionable insights for increased product performance
Partnering with marketing, finance and digital teams to enable business and systems synergy

Essential Skills:

Minimum 3 years’ previous experience in a complex analyst role; financial institution strongly preferred
Minimum 3 years’ previous experience with data collection methodologies
Experience with relational databases, e.g., SQL, Alteryx, and Tableau will help you succeed in this role
Familiarity with coding languages, e.g., R, Python
Strong understanding of statistical overlays and models for predictive analytics
Ability to analyze data from a strategic point of view and contribute to and influence discussions that drive the business
Ability to use key performance metrics and data to provide insights and make strategic business recommendations
Proficiency to organize, analyze and interpret data to explain complex irregularities or trends
Form strong relationships with cross-functional teams where support, resources and synergy is needed
Basic understanding of lending principals and risk metrics
Project Management experience; familiarity with Six Sigma/DMAIC methodologies
Expert knowledge of Excel
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, other related fields of study or equivalent experience

Location: Hillsboro, OR 97124

First Tech is not currently offering Visa sponsorship for this position

FT123

#LI-EK

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.3,"First Tech Federal Credit Union
3.3","Hillsboro, OR",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
241,Senior Data Scientist,"$136k-$225k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them . . .
GNS Healthcare applies a powerful form of AI called causal machine learning to predict which treatments and care management programs will work for which patients, improving individual patient outcomes and the health of populations while reducing the total cost of care.

Headquartered in the biotechnology and health IT center of Cambridge, MA, our patented REFS technology is based on recent breakthroughs in causal machine learning and AI that transforms massive quantities of patient data into computer models of disease at molecular, patient, and health system levels. These computer models power up solutions, products, and services that health plans, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, and patient foundations utilize to slow disease progression, reduce adverse events and hospitalization, and improve therapeutic effectiveness. Our platforms and solutions have been validated across more than 45 diseases including oncology, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, neurology, etc. and have appeared in over 50 peer-reviewed publications.

Position Summary

The Senior Data Scientist will join a dynamic team responsible for start-to-finish work on the analysis and interpretation of real-world datasets using GNSs powerful cloud-based analytics platform. We are looking for someone who thrives working in a fast-paced, exciting, and collaborative environment in one of the most cutting-edge industries where big data analytics meets healthcare. You will help manage real world data, as well as create and interpret data-frames for modeling and analysis. You will collaborate with our research scientists to carry out analysis projects using our proprietary, supercomputer-powered Bayesian network modeling and simulation platform, and will synthesize these results into meaningful reports for clients and product development.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal research teams and clients to evaluate study design, define research questions, design data frames, write statistical analysis plans/study protocols, conduct analyses, and participate in the full research process, including client presentation and publication
Communicate highly technical results and methods clearly to clients, discuss how to incorporate information into their processes, and achieve high client satisfaction
Troubleshoot with clients and internal stakeholders to refine and optimize models
Provide scientific communications to peer-reviewed journals and publications
Develop data frames of high complexity while adhering to a project-based timeline
Perform data manipulations and develop algorithms on multi-data sets that create the analytic files necessary to support analyses.
Consult on how to use data to perform predictive and causal modeling using both proprietary and off-the-shelf tools.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
Masters Degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent practical experience
3-5 years of experience working with advanced ML techniques, probability theory, Bayesian analysis, or causal inference methods
Experience working with biomedical data/ population health data, EHR or claims data
Demonstrated experience working with programming languages R and SQL
Strong written and verbal communication; an ability to communicate technical material to non-technical audiences simply and clearly and collaborate well on a team
Strong drive for problem solving, especially around data frame construction and interpretation
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with large, complex, or unstructured data requiring post-processing to use effectively
Familiarity with the UNIX and cluster computing environment
Company Culture

Our philosophy at GNS is simple: we cannot transform healthcare with anything less than an all-star team. We are seeking smart, driven people who are experts in their field, have a track record of success and a passion for creating change. We believe that strong teams supercharge the performance of individuals, create a fun and dynamic workplace and great results for our clients and the people they serve.

We are passionate about our work and believe in the ability of our technology to change the world. Our core values of integrity, collaboration, value, diversity, and game-changing guide our behaviors with each other and our clients.

GNS offers competitive salaries, stock options, unlimited vacation, health, dental and vision insurance, life insurance, long-term disability, 401(k), generous parental leave, tuition reimbursement, professional development, subsidized parking and gym membership, tasty food, volunteering opportunities, social gatherings, and more.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GNS Healthcare provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or conditions related to pregnancy, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GNS Healthcare complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

Powered by JazzHR",3.0,"GNS Healthcare
3.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
242,Azure Databricks Data Engineer,"$56k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Collaborate with business stakeholders to identify and meet data requirements
Management of data workflows and pipelines
Responsible for collecting, moving, storing, and preparation of data infrastructure
Manage and secure the flow of structured and unstructured data from multiple sources like ingest, egress , and transform data
Manage, monitor, and ensure the security and privacy of data to satisfy business needs
Other duties as assigned

5 +yrs of Azure experience
Experience with PySpark, Spark SQL, Databricks (notebooks), and Azure Synapse.
** BRMi will not sponsor applicants for work visas for this position.**
**This is a W2 opportunity only**
EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled
We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and commitment at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. Employment policies and decisions on employment and promotion are based on merit, qualifications, performance, and business needs. The decisions and criteria governing the employment relationship with all employees are made in a nondiscriminatory manner, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.",4.3,"BRMi
4.3","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
243,SAP Materials Master Data Analyst - Temp,"$58k-$93k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is a 6 month temporary assignment.

The Mizuho OSI Way

In 1978, we set out to change the way patients undergo surgery. As a Mizuho OSI customer, you can expect our commitment to the following…

We commit to your satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, we will strive to make it right.

We do things the right way. We commit to hire people with competence, generosity and a caring attitude. We motivate our employees to use their individual strengths to provide creative solutions, changes, and innovations. We anticipate your needs through customer experiences, thus nurturing our relationships.

Collectively, this creates an environment that enables and inspires healthcare professionals to improve the lives of patients.

Dare to go further. Care to do more.

TOP REASONS TO JOIN THE MIZUHO OSI TEAM
Privately held company with a tradition of market leadership and best-in-class innovation
Fast-paced entrepreneurial culture focused on dramatically improving patient outcomes through personal empowerment
Emphasis on continuous improvement and celebration of our values of R.E.S.P.E.C.T. and the Mizuho Way.
Create innovative solutions designed and manufactured at our HQ in Northern California
POSITION OVERVIEW
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 1 to 2 full life cycle SAP implementations and have participated or have led roles in blueprint activities, creating SOP, work instructions and training users to maintenance and sustain the master data. In addition be a savvy self-directed and capable individual who’s accustomed to delivering time critical work products.
Bachelor's degree in business, and or in systems applications such as SAP Modules or equivalent work experience
Experience with full life cycle SAP implementations
Formal training or experience with ASAP implementation methodology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
We are looking for you, if you have the ability to:
Hold meetings on Material Master and Item Master Data Management.
Assist with refining Business Process Design for Item Material Master including tactical MDM process.
Coordinate with functional disciplines in OPS/SCM and their IT counterparts.
Identify MDM Classifications of data and assist with identifying local data attributes.
Assist with the MDM governance model, including documenting processes with identified data owners, master process owners and SAP module owners.
Assist with identifying KPIs to improve quality and productivity.
Assist with workflows within MDM tool.
Here is what you will do day-to-day
Analyze business process requirements, design a solution approach in close collaboration with business teams
Write functional specifications and advise business teams of feasible solution designs
Work with IT in unit test efforts and with business in regression test efforts
Deliver BPP and solution documentation for implemented solutions
Work with functional teams (SD, MM, PP, FICO, QM)
Application Configuration and Support
Support SAP modules to meet business needs.
Unit test SAP software applications, including customizations and interfaces
Application Analysis and Design
Assist SAP users analyze and identify business process requirements.
Develop SAP functional application designs and specifications, individually or collaboratively.
Work as a member of cross-functional teams and add value by providing a technical perspective.
Guide Application Developers by recommending ways to design and unit-test applications. (SAP - PLM)
Change Management and Support
Provide QA function by reviewing/testing developer’s work.
Guide users in integrated testing, conference room pilot activities and applications startup activities.
Facilitate the process of change by clarifying new procedures and training system users.
Project Management and Control
Manage small projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables
Direct project resources and/or recommend and create internal development procedures and methodologies.
Understand scope and planned estimates of undertaken activities and manage actual time relative to the planned estimates.
Problem Solving:
Plays a key role in the Order to Cash team in the full project lifecycle, from the business blueprint of the project to post support.
Works with business analysts, business SMEs and various process owners to analyze their requirements: prepare and participate in workshops, requirement documentation, functional specifications and configuration documentation.
Provides support for Data extraction, data cleansing and loading
Works closely with IT resources for non-standard SAP objects.
Supports the development of test scripts and provide process expertise during test execution.
Assists and supports training document creation.
Finalizes the MDM configuration element s and triggers and support the solution after implementation.
Understand, follow and support Mizuho OSI’s internal Quality System policies, procedures and work instructions including but not limited to applicable external regulations (21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 820 Quality System Regulations and applicable International Standards).
What you will need to be successful in this role:
A minimum of 5 years of SAP process and configuration experience in Sales & Distribution, Materials Management, Production Planning and Quality Management modules and MDM.
Experience in at least 2 full life cycle implementations of SAP.
Experience in supporting all phases of SAP project life cycle including blueprint, design, build, test, deployment and support.
Experience in developing blueprint documentation, functional designs, test plans and scenarios as well as executing the tests.
Experience in and data validations during testing and implementation
Strong knowledge/experience in 1 additional SAP module is a must.
Experience with integration testing and implementation.
Thorough business understanding of Supply Chain processes.
Familiarity with SAP architecture.
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express complex business concepts in technical terms.
Strong analytical, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to work well on cross functional project teams.
Experience in the construction and distribution industry.
What you need to be prepared for:

The physical demands are representative of those needed to perform the essential functions of the job in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

NOTE: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties or functions to be performed by the incumbent. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties/functions requested by their supervisor.",3.7,"Mizuho OSI
3.7","Union City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
244,Data Scientist,"$111k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Duties & Responsibilities
Bring Creativity to Data products.
Analyze transaction data.
Build models to predict possible finance operation inconsistencies.
Use machine learning methods to perform transaction matching (matching algorithms).
Cleanse raw data for use in models.
Perform data munging, data mining, clustering & classification methods, pattern recognition.
Comfortable with Statistics, Calculus & Multivariate analysis.
You will work closely with a small R&D team with Product Managers, Data Engineers & Analysts. The R&D team will experiment with the data and come up with POC's.
Familiar with SQL, Python, R, Spark MLib, AWS, SQL Server, Redshift.
Most of the data currently lives in SQL Server. We are experimenting with AWS Redshift as well. Python for coding and someone with experience with Spark MLib & Machine learning is a big plus.
Qualifications
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.
A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data.
A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.
Familiarity with relational databases and SQL
Expert knowledge of an analysis tool such as R, Matlab, or SAS
Strong working knowledge of financials
Acquired skills would include Data Warehousing, ETL, BI, Data Mining, and Machine Learning.
Strong written and verbal skills – able to explain the work in plain language
MS in Computer Science or other quantitative disciplines or BA with 2+ years applicable experience",3.9,"BlackLine
3.9","Woodland Hills, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
245,Principal Data Scientist,-1,"You will integrate disparate EHR, clinical, claims, and other medical data sources, extracting consistent information across ontologies, and deriving insights from disparate data sources to allow experts to rapidly understand the meaning, applicability, and extensibility of results from observational and randomized clinical experimentation. You will build ML tools for anomaly-tracking to enable rapid, more effective clinical trialing and the integration of data sources throughout the life sciences. You will model the trajectory of disease across patient populations to identify key opportunities and indications and to rapidly test and develop candidate medicines.
You will map and optimize the complex interrelationships of pharma companies, drug manufacturers, pharmacy benefit managers, payors, and patients to drive EQRx’s strategy to dramatically lower drug prices while promoting equity and access. You will use novel computational techniques to design, refine, and select novel drug candidates. Using the tools of modern data science and machine learning, you will help to build a data driven, end-to-end digital native life sciences company, enabling our core mission of rapid, equal, and equitable access to medicines.
The Impact You'll Have
You will help to radically lower drug prices and expand access, by identifying novel opportunities for partnerships and delivery across the complex web of interrelationships that bring drugs from pharma companies to patients. You will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines through the unification, comprehension, and modelling of human health and disease across data sources. You will drive the adoption of machine learning for the improvement of human health in building a radically different, digital-native and data-first life sciences company, where we bootstrap our way to rapid increases in scale and efficacy across functions. You will enable experts across EQRx to see further, connecting data from biology and chemistry, to the clinic and patients, to drug pricing and delivery, powering a novel, modern paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have 5+ years of experience in data science in the life science/healthcare industry.
You have a PhD (preferred) or Masters (with 3+ additional years exp) in a quantitative scientific field such as physics, computational biology, chemistry, engineering, etc.
You are fluent in python (strongly preferred) or R and cloud native data science.
You thrive working with messy and complex data, understanding key nuances behind its generation and able to model them with quantitative and machine learning tools to achieve understanding.
You are an excellent communicator, able to translate complex analyses into insightful visuals and presentations for audiences with a wide range of technical backgrounds.
You are empathetic with end users; proficient at turning business and scientific questions into testable, clean, and reproducible data scientific workflows.
You have a quick, flexible mind, able to rapidly learn new fields and use data science and machine learning to improve decision making and workflows.
You are an avid reader of the literature; excited to try novel tools and techniques to solve problems.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
246,Data Scientist,"$84k-$138k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

This role uses Data Science and Engineering techniques to satisfy customer requirements. This role evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML). This role develops scripts, notebooks or applications (using Python or Java and associated libraries or frameworks: Scikit-Learn, Numpy, Tensorflow, Pytorch, Spark, Spark MLlib, H20.ai, etc.) that utilize, collect, aggregate and clean large data sets to perform analysis, clustering, entity resolution and structured information extraction for work products. Models are trained and refined using these tools and evaluated for effectiveness using appropriate criteria/metrics for the task. This role collaborates across a team of Data Scientists, Data Administrators, Software and Data Engineers to produce work products.

Primary Responsibilities

This role designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources.
This role develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, query techniques, model complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate datasets.
This role supports objectives and tasks by leveraging numerous tools and techniques to include Python, Splunk, query experience, R and the like.
Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various data sources and business problems.
Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.
This role develops algorithms and analytical techniques to improve business performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies.

Basic Qualifications

Master’s degree in engineering, computer science, or other related technical field or Bachelor’s degree in a business or management-related field accompanied by experience managing technical requirements in complex programs.
Experience with Python, Splunk, and query experience is required.
Experience negotiating complex scenarios and challenges and devising courses of action to resolve situations with predictable outcomes.
Experience leading critical objectives where decision making is of utmost concern to the outcome.
Experience supervising others.

Education

Candidate must have Masters with 12-15 years of prior relevant experience or Doctorate with 8+ years of prior relevant experience.

Clearance

Candidate must have an active TS/SCI with polygraph.

NSOINT

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:
No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Reston, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
247,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer*
Are you obsessed with software and machine learning? Looking to work with an awesome team in a modern, successful software company? Geisel Software, based in Worcester, Massachusetts, is a premier software developer that is working with and creating today's hottest software technologies. We are looking for a motivated individual to join our team, learn new technology, and help us build some great software!

Geisel Software develops web, mobile and embedded software, with a focus on robotics, medical devices, and machine learning. We seek a talented individual who is not afraid to work hard, learn something new and get lots of stuff done. We have a helpful staff, but it is also important that you can work independently and solve problems with little outside direction. Your problem-solving skills will be put to the test, whether that means tracking down the answer on Google, or building your own new solution.
Here's what we work with regularly*
TensorFlow and OpenCV
Robotic Simulation with ROS, RVIZ, and Unreal Engine
LAMP - Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP
iPhone/Android application development
Embedded Development in C/C++ (Arm or x86)
Web Frontend (AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Scripting Languages (Python, BASH, or other)
Web Technologies - HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON
Linux - As a user at least, but also administration and kernel development
Web Frameworks - Django, Codeigniter
Agile and Waterfall design methodologies
Embedded platforms (Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, OMAP, etc.)
Here’s what we require*
You're passionate about software development -- it's what you do even in your free time.
1 - ∞ years of experience with C, C++ and/or Python.
Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field (PHD highly preferred).
Willingness and ability to write software as part of a team as well as work on ground-breaking machine learning IP. This role will be a mix of both!
Good software foundational skills: CS theory; clean, well-documented code; collaborative style; solid algorithms understanding; mastery of more than one language.
An aptitude for learning new platforms and technologies on the fly. We’re constantly working on new projects that will push you and keep you always learning new technologies.
Able to take ownership of a project and independently architect, execute and troubleshoot it through completion and customer delivery.
Actively pursuing new knowledge and technologies. If you’re a web frontend guru, are you building your backend skills? If you’re an embedded developer, are you developing apps for Android or iOS?
Already comfortable on Linux. You can be a Windows/Mac pro, but you'll be doing at least 50% of your development on Linux. You should be comfortable with that.
Willing to commute to Worcester, MA (Note: Ability to temporarily work remotely during this trying time of COVID-19).
Looking for full-time employment.
Must be a US Person.
Here’s what we would prefer*
ROS or other robot operating system experience.
An educational focus in Machine Learning and Data Science.
Published work in the field of machine learning.
Robotic simulation and 3D game engine knowledge (Godot, Unreal, Unity, RVIZ, Drake).
Any experience with physical modeling would be a plus.
What you’ll get*
An opportunity to work with the latest technologies across a variety of platforms.
A fun, exciting work environment focused on the results, not the politics.
An experienced team and mentor who can help you grow in your craft and career.
A position with a growing company, offering competitive benefits and salary.
Apply now*
E-mail us at *jobs*@*geisel.software* and *include your resume and a brief cover letter* explaining why you think you'd be a great fit at Geisel Software. We'd love to hear about what you've done with technologies we're using, or other projects you've worked on. What do you think you’re really good at and why? What have you done outside your current job to improve your craft? Why do you think you’d be a great fit?

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.geisel-software.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Geisel Software
5.0","Worcester, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
248,Senior Research Scientist – Security and Privacy,"$77k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","If you want to be not just on the cutting edge of technology but creating the cutting edge of technology, Riverside Research is the place for you. We are searching for an individual to join our Trusted and Resilient Systems research group to help shape a more secure future. This position provides maximum flexibility in pushing forward new ideas, new technology, and ground-breaking research. The team has ongoing research in security of machine learning, cryptography, hardware and hypervisor security solutions, as well as developing cutting edge solutions to the security of open architecture systems. The ideal person for this position is interested in broad areas of technology and can leverage their interests to develop and study creative solutions to some of the most difficult challenges. The current team resides in Riverside Research’s Beavercreek, OH, but we are willing to consider candidates that would prefer to work out of one of our Washington DC (Centerville or Crystal City) offices, our New York City office, or our Boston office.

Job Responsibilities:
•Conduct independent research in the area of security and privacy
•Publish and present research in conferences and journals
•Mentor junior researchers and interns
•Work with the team to identify future areas of research investment and develop research plans
•Author technical proposals

Qualifications:
•Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
•PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or similar or Master's degree Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering with five plus years experience in research.
•Proficiency with software development and revision control (Git)
•Ability to work independently and with a team
•Superior written and verbal communications skills

Desired Qualifications:

•Demonstrated publication record
•Experience with DARPA, IARPA, and government funded research

IND1
CA
Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.",3.4,"Riverside Research
3.4","Beavercreek, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
249,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - INFORMATION EXPLOITATION,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ly: Your military experience may apply to this position
For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.
An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace



If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
250,"R&D Scientist, Associate","$21k-$49k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Improve Lives—that’s what drives us. It’s what makes us better, more innovative, more compelled to work harder. What we do is develop superior point-of-care rapid testing solutions for healthcare providers around the world; what we help create is healthier lives and communities.
Position Summary*: The R&D Scientist, Associate is responsible for performing experiments to develop and refine state-of-the-art assays for the detection of infectious diseases.
Duties & Responsibilities* include but are not limited to:
° Responsible for the preparation and application of all buffers, test lines, control lines, and other components used in Chembio diagnostic products

° Analyzes data

° Writes summaries and reports

° Performing daily and weekly instrument calibrations as indicated

° Responsible for maintaining neat and accurate batch records as either an operator or a witness during all procedures

° Compliance with regulatory standards. Adherence to all OSHA compliance laws and to the requirements of the USDA and FDA

° Compliance to the requirements of cGMP’s

° Maintenance of equipment and work area as directed

° Reporting deviations to established processes

Qualifications Required*:

° Bachelor’s degree in a Life Science or related field

° Attention to detail and proficient record keeping

° Computer literate, familiar with Microsoft Office
COMPANY PROFILE*
Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc. is a public company serving the increasing global demand for rapid tests needed for the effective prevention and treatment of infectious diseases and other conditions. Located minutes off the Long Island Expressway in Medford, NY, Chembio operates a research and manufacturing facility that is registered with the US FDA.

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disability/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation

For more information about Chembio Diagnostic Systems Inc., please visit our website.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.6,"Chembio Diagnostic Systems, Inc.
2.6","Medford, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
251,RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - MISSION DEVELOPMENT,"$70k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Develop, maintain, and enhance complex and diverse software systems (e.g., sensor network operations, processing-intensive application, analytics on various sized data sets, real-time systems, data visualizations and user interfaces, etc.). This development will include life cycle activities that include analyzing customer requirements, creating solid designs, developing innovative implementations, systems and network integration and ongoing customer interaction. Will be responsible for the translation of complex customer requirements into soundly designed and implemented technical solutions with emphasis on building software products for the Department of Defense, Intelligence Community and allied customers. Design and implement services and applications including software and systems that process SIGINT data, apply signal processing algorithms, develop, store and distribute processed results, and provide user visualization of analytical results. Responsibilities include: Participation in full life cycle software development tasks utilizing primarily Java and C++ development environments. Develop embedded, high-performance systems, as well as, web service and user interfaces. Participate in requirements analysis, software design, coding, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Operating as a nonprofit since our 1947 inception, we work in the public’s best interest and toward the betterment of mankind. Southwest Research Institute’s benefits program ranks among those of top private employers.


Education/Experience:


Requires a MS degree in Computer Science with 2-7 years of Software Development, Software Engineering, Sensor Network Systems, SIGINT, Geolocation, Information Exploitation, or Information Engineering experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. SwRI is seeking an experienced Software Engineer for collaborative work with the government customer and other SwRI software engineers to design, develop, install, deploy, operate, and manage software systems. Should have experience developing improvements for next-generation SIGINT systems and geolocation networks. Must have a working knowledge of software development processes including analysis of software requirements, application design, coding, unit and integration testing, software/hardware integration and software documentation with an emphasis in Java and C++ for application development ranging from embedded, high-performance systems to web service and user interface development. Candidates must have the ability to cross-train in multiple software development domains. Must be able to develop new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Must be able to work in teams and independently. Must have strong communications skills and should have demonstrated capabilities in software development leadership. A current TS/SCI FS Poly is required. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Hanover, Maryland. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Hanover, Maryland


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Hanover, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
252,Digital Pathology Scientist,-1,"At Visikol, our mission is to accelerate the discovery and development of therapeutics through transforming tissues into quantitative data sets that we mine for actionable insights. We do this through leveraging our imaging, image analysis and advanced in vitro services that are based on a suite of proprietary software and cutting-edge research. As a company, we operate as a contract research organization and conduct contract research for the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. We are currently looking for a Scientist to join our team that will be responsible for the execution of research projects related to developing advanced imaging and image analysis tools.

Specifically, we are looking for a Scientist who will lead the development of high content image analysis solutions, multiplex image analysis workflows and optimize advanced image analysis (confocal, high content, slide scanning) tools. The core objective for this Scientist is to assist Visikol with transforming tissues into large data sets and mining these data sets for actionable insights.

This will be a unique opportunity to work side-by-side with our team of Scientists to develop novel drug discovery technologies for use with our pharmaceutical Clients. We are open to broad backgrounds within the imaging and image analysis spaces but prefer candidates with wet lab experience, histology experience and specific image analysis competencies. Specifically, we are looking for Scientists that have the following skills and background:
Great project management skills and the ability to manage several complex research projects simultaneously.
An ability to troubleshoot complex assays and develop novel solutions for problems.
Excellent presentations skills and the ability to communicate complex scientific findings with diverse audiences.
A thorough understanding and demonstrated track record of designing, implementing and reporting on assays to address specific research questions.
Substantial wet lab experience running and interpreting assay results.
MS or PhD + 0-2 years of experience, BS with 2+ years of experience
The candidate needs to have a strong expertise in the following:
CellProlifer, ImageJ, Python, Matlab
The candidate should also have a familiarity and background in the following:
Fluorescent microscopy - confocal microscopy a plus.
Experience immunolabeling and optimizing fluorescent labeling.
Traditional histology - grossing, embedding, sectioning, staining.
Details: *
Position is located in Hampton, NJ

Compensation will be commensurate with experience

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Experience:
Histology: 1 year (Preferred)
CellProfiler: 3 years (Required)
fluorescent microscopy: 2 years (Preferred)
Python: 2 years (Preferred)
ImageJ: 3 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",-1,Visikol Inc.,"Hampton, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
253,Digital Pathology Scientist,-1,"At Visikol, our mission is to accelerate the discovery and development of therapeutics through transforming tissues into quantitative data sets that we mine for actionable insights. We do this through leveraging our imaging, image analysis and advanced in vitro services that are based on a suite of proprietary software and cutting-edge research. As a company, we operate as a contract research organization and conduct contract research for the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. We are currently looking for a Scientist to join our team that will be responsible for the execution of research projects related to developing advanced imaging and image analysis tools.

Specifically, we are looking for a Scientist who will lead the development of high content image analysis solutions, multiplex image analysis workflows and optimize advanced image analysis (confocal, high content, slide scanning) tools. The core objective for this Scientist is to assist Visikol with transforming tissues into large data sets and mining these data sets for actionable insights.

This will be a unique opportunity to work side-by-side with our team of Scientists to develop novel drug discovery technologies for use with our pharmaceutical Clients. We are open to broad backgrounds within the imaging and image analysis spaces but prefer candidates with wet lab experience, histology experience and specific image analysis competencies. Specifically, we are looking for Scientists that have the following skills and background:
Great project management skills and the ability to manage several complex research projects simultaneously.
An ability to troubleshoot complex assays and develop novel solutions for problems.
Excellent presentations skills and the ability to communicate complex scientific findings with diverse audiences.
A thorough understanding and demonstrated track record of designing, implementing and reporting on assays to address specific research questions.
Substantial wet lab experience running and interpreting assay results.
MS or PhD + 0-2 years of experience, BS with 2+ years of experience
The candidate needs to have a strong expertise in the following:
CellProlifer, ImageJ, Python, Matlab
The candidate should also have a familiarity and background in the following:
Fluorescent microscopy - confocal microscopy a plus.
Experience immunolabeling and optimizing fluorescent labeling.
Traditional histology - grossing, embedding, sectioning, staining.
Details: *
Position is located in Hampton, NJ

Compensation will be commensurate with experience

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.

Job Type: Full-time

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Experience:
Histology: 1 year (Preferred)
CellProfiler: 3 years (Required)
fluorescent microscopy: 2 years (Preferred)
Python: 2 years (Preferred)
ImageJ: 3 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",-1,Visikol Inc.,"Hampton, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
254,Data Scientist/ Analyst,"$70k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our Renewables Operations team in Houston, TX or Chicago, IL as a Renewable Generation Performance Engineer.

In this role, you will be responsible for support functions relating to solar generation facilities betterment, facilities efficiency of monitoring and reporting (via automation), plant performance measurements, and maintain supplier and service provider relationships as it relates to generation portfolio performance. This position reports directly to the Director Performance Monitoring & Analytics.

What you’ll do:
Help facilitate improvement / automation of operations and reporting tasks via SQL procedures, and other script languages.
Work with site engineers to monitor and evaluate equipment and system performance by examining and trending the results of condition-monitoring activities, reviewing equipment failures, analyzing availability/reliability information. Follow-up actions, based on identified problems, trends, and root cause determinations, are timely and effective.
Improve solar site performance by providing recommendations regarding availability, production and reliability issues/initiatives to Engie site and senior level management.
Lead standardization of operations and maintenance and engineering processes including reporting functions
Work with various internal and external groups including engineering and technical support personnel, site operating personnel and Engie global performance teams other teams in Asset Management.
Support the site in developing (RCA’s) for inverters, trackers, and panel faults and failures and work OEM ‘s to provide upgrades and develop implementation plans to remedy.
Manage solar equipment suppliers’ technical resources to ensure focus on priorities and achieve performance improvement targets by being ENGIE’s technical point of contact.
Support operational reviews, solar site commissioning, end of warranty inspections and procurement to ensure proper equipment selection and operation
Ability to travel for short term assignments as required.
Act as a team member with all employees of the solar sites and collaborate with members of the ENGIE team at other sites across various businesses.
Work multiple projects concurrently including supporting future business development projects.

Qualifications

What you bring:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science required, computer credits certifications a plus.
Minimum two years of relevant experience.
Desired working knowledge of wind and/or solar power generation equipment, and applicable SCADA control and HMI systems.
Possess strong planning, scheduling and project management skills with the ability to plan and work independently.
Possess strong computer and analytical skills; ability to use and program databases (SQL, Python, Pearl, BASH). Expertise of Microsoft Office (excel pivot tables, advanced formula’s)
Expertise using VM environments like Virtual box, Azure and AWS.
Desired working knowledge of Linux.
Must have and be able to maintain a valid driver’s license.

Why ENGIE?
ENGIE North America isn’t just participating in the Zero-Carbon transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy that is more renewable, more efficient and more accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

ENGIE is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.

This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. All related inquiries must be communicated through Talent Acquisition and not directed to ENGIE North America Managers. Failure to follow the ENA process may result in nonpayment of agency fees.

Job
: Operations / Production sites
Primary Location
: North America-United States-Texas-Houston North America-United States-Illinois-Chicago
Organization
: ENA Renewables
Schedule
: Full-time
Nature of Responsibility
: Senior professionnal / Team leader

Job Posting
: Aug 28, 2020, 11:06:48 PM",3.7,"ENGIE North America Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
255,Data Scientist - Retail (Contract),-1,"Data Scientist - Retail (Contract)

San Francisco, CA

1 Year Contract

This is an exciting opportunity for a passionate Data Scientist with a background in retail or ecommerce to use their skills in SQL and R to optimize a new demand forecasting software for a massive retailer. They will have the chance to demonstrate their experience using big data and understanding of predictive modeling, with the potential for permanent hire.

THE COMPANY

This is a Fortune 500 retail company with over 1,500 locations worldwide. They are soon going live with a software product which will further enhance the consumer experience through automated demand forecasting.

THE ROLE

The Data Scientist consultant will be responsible for:

Optimizing the effectiveness of the forecasting software using R and SQL
Identifying and correcting any flaws in the system
Testing the product using their knowledge of predictive modeling and time series analysis

YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

The successful Data Scientist consultant will have the following skills and experience:

Demonstrated experience using SQL and R in a retail or ecommerce space
Comfortability working with big data and statistical models
Proficient understanding of time series and predictive modeling

Please register your interest by sending your resume to Asia Firebaugh using the Apply link on this page.

Key words: data science, data scientist, data analyst, product analyst, optimization, retail, ecommerce, demand, testing, SQL, R, time series, forecasting, predictive, modeling, machine learning, software",4.1,"Harnham
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
256,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"About Alpha Health
We’re on a mission to remedy the financial complexity crippling healthcare in America.

Our aim is to organize and use all healthcare information to reduce the cost of care and improve the patient experience.

As the first Unified Automation company for healthcare, we use the same machine learning approaches that made driverless cars possible to provide health systems with a single solution for revenue cycle management. Alpha Health’s Unified Automation brings together the best of people, data and technology to efficiently, accurately and autonomously navigate the complex state of medical reimbursement in the United States.

We are growing rapidly:
- The contracting process in healthcare typically averages nine months. Yet, in less than 12 months time, the team has landed multiple provider clients of all sizes across the US.
- The team has also deployed at several of these customers, providing meaningful and measurable value within 90 days.

We’ve built a cross-functional skill set deep into the DNA of the company. We have technology experts from the top Silicon Valley technology companies (Google, Facebook, etc) and machine learning PhD programs (Stanford, etc). We also have senior leaders from the frontlines of healthcare with decades of experience leading teams of medical billers at some of the most prominent healthcare institutions in the US. And we have a deep bench of talent from healthcare services firms like the Advisory Board, Optum and Triage Consulting.

Our founding team includes Silicon Valley leaders who have founded or been founding team members of multiple companies with successful exits, including in excess of $350 million.

We are expanding our team to support our work with existing customers as well as new customers. If you love to execute, we’d love to hear from you.

Alpha Health is based in South San Francisco. As a company we embraced remote work opportunities before COVID-19. We consider ourselves experts in working collaboratively wherever our team members happen to reside.

As part of the ML team you will work alongside machine learning PhDs from top schools (e.g., Stanford), as well as experienced machine learning engineers from top companies(e.g., Google). You will be putting machine learning into practice, so your code directly affects our customers immediately. You will be working with large proprietary medical and clinical datasets containing both structured documents, natural language and images.
What You'll Do
· Participate in developing state-of-art machine learning solutions to address large scale healthcare problems
· Design and build pipelines that collect, preprocess, and deliver data with a measurable quality
· Write production-ready software with fast and efficient algorithms
Skills & Qualifications
· 2+ years of work experience in machine learning or data engineering
· Strong proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python and C++
· Hands-on development experience with big data technologies such as SQL and AWS/Cloud Platform
· Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, Keras, Tensorflow
· Full-stack development experience for an end to end machine learning solution preferred
· Experience with Natural Language Processing or Computer Vision a plus
· Strong communication and interpersonal skills with meticulous attention to detail",5.0,"Alpha Health
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
257,DOD Data Scientist/Engineer - Junior,"$66k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview

Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse.

Responsibilities

In the position of Data Scientist, the incumbent will support the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) in a once-in-a-generation digital transformation, driving change and devising how data can be integrated, controlled, distributed, and accessed by programs, business units and operators across the enterprise. Guidehouse is seeking an enthusiastic data scientist with the desire to harness data through the application of data science principles, tools, and methods and to share this knowledge as a mentor and coach for others. The individual will support the NAVAIR Digital Group in establishing practical and applied data science practices at NAVAIR, and in solving complex problems that have data driven solutions. This individual will additionally mentor and instruct employees during this process with the goal or sharing their knowledge and growing the data science skill base in Southern Maryland at Patuxent River.

Qualifications

Security Clearance:

Must have an Active Secret Clearance or above.

Responsibilities

Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of data structures and metrics advocating for changes where needed for both products development and sales activity.
Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers to identify opportunities for, design, and assess product improvement.
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.

Required Skills

Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).
Experience in one or more functional programming languages, especially Java or Python.
Able to clearly communicate (speaking and writing) technical concepts to a non-technical audience.
Experience with data engineering and data security practices.
Experience managing, unifying, and automating dataflows from disparate sources

Required Experience

Bachelors Degree preferred. Heavy preference given to Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Information Science, or a similar quantitative field.
Associate’s Degree plus 4 years’ additional work experience or demonstrated specialized expertise may be substituted for a Bachelor’s Degree
1 to 3 years of programming experience with the ability to write / maintain scripts in Python (or other scripting languages)
Understanding of SQL
Working knowledge of data format conversion
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.
Strong problem solving skills.
Ability to maintain a US DoD Secret Security clearance throughout employment.

Desired Experience

Experience working on agile programs + Experience with agile tools such as JIRA and Confluence
Understanding of cloud architecture + Experience working with NoSQL databases
2 years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / computational biologist / bioinformatician).
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).

Additional Requirements

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer

About Guidehouse

Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.

Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

Rewards and Benefits

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program",3.5,"Guidehouse
3.5","Patuxent River, MD",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
258,Principal Data Engineer,-1,"Job Description: Principal Data Engineer

Role

As a Principal Data Engineer at Zylotech, you have experience with and knowledge of the rapidly evolving ecosystem of cloud-native software. The successful candidate will:
Be well versed in structured and unstructured data
Be able to build the pipelines that move data throughout the enterprise
Know a ton about data; how to clean it, move it and store it
Deeply familiarity with cloud tech and infrastructure
We are looking for a team player with experience developing applications for large enterprises. You will be experienced in agile product development methodologies. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record showing commitment to and sense of urgency for project timelines. This position will report to the VP of Engineering.

Responsibilities will include:
Technical design and implementation of features in Zylotech’s CDP Platform to improve distributed database installation, upgrade, orchestration, administration, configuration, and diagnostics
Influence the design of database clustering & fault tolerance features based on their interaction with the deployment mechanisms
Provide technical leadership and support for junior members of the team by conducting thorough design and code reviews
Diagnose, debug, and resolve technical issues discovered during the development process and coming from customers
Partner and collaborate with Product Management to define, prioritize and implement product features
Participate in and provide leadership to Agile/Scrum ceremonies
Organization

You will report to the VP of Engineering.

Required Skills:
5+ years of experience in software development in a software product environment developing Linux applications, including: NodeJS, Python, or other Linux-based development products
Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software engineering practices for sustainable development
Fluent in Python programming on Linux
Experience using or building infrastructure-as-code tools such as Docker or Kubernetes
Experience building or operating solutions on cloud platforms like AWS and GCP
Technical / project lead, architecture, and other experience desired
Expertise with development of RESTful Web Services
Experience with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery
Ability to collaborate in a team environment, and able to adapt effectively and quickly to a rapidly changing environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Experience or comfort working in a startup environment
Team player
Desired Skills:
SaaS platform development and support
Experience with Snowflake
Experience with Google Cloud Platform, AWS and Cloud applications
Apache Airflow
devops
Docker
Kubernetes
CircleCI
Git
Jira
Distributed systems
Systems programing
Networking
Security
Operating system integration
About Zylotech

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

Zylotech participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your

Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. For more

information on E-Verify please contact the Department of Homeland Security at

dhs.gov/e-verify or 888-897-7781.",3.4,"Zylotech
3.4","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
259,Data Analyst,"$29k-$53k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary: The Information Technology Data Analyst is responsible for the organization's data, making sure that the data repositories produce consistent, reusable quality data. The IT Data Analyst develops analysis and reporting capabilities across the organization, with an emphasis on fundraising (approximately 65%), and monitors performance and quality control plans to identify improvements. This position works collaboratively with management and key stakeholders, to identify business needs and to develop a plan that will assist the organization with meeting or exceeding its objectives.
Responsibilities
Develop, implement and maintain databases, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality; locate and correct coding issues
Acquire and maintain data from secondary data sources
Create visualizations from views using BI reporting tools
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets using statistical techniques
Develop policies and procedures for the collection and analysis of data
Review and validate departmental customer data as it is collected
Filter and clean data by reviewing reports and performance indicators
Identify and define new process improvement opportunities
Provide basic BI software training for end-users
Serve as a member of the Data Governance team
Qualifications
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, databases, and programming, such as SQL Server, and ETL frameworks
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at writing queries and reports; presenting findings
Ability to work well under pressure, managing changing timelines and conflicting demands
BS in Information Management, Statistics or related field
3+ years’ experience with Salesforce
3+ years’ experience with BI tools, such as Power BI (preferred)
Strong understanding of fundraising processes and reporting needs (preferred)
Change management skills; ability to organize and execute required system changes
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to understand requirements and explain technical issues to non-technical staff
Ability to work with people from all levels inside and outside of the organization
Salary Range: $50,181 - $57,708
Competitive Benefits
PLEASE FOLLOW DIRECTIONS BELOW.
How To Apply:
Interested applicants should send a resume and cover letter to: humanresources@girlsinc.org no later than September 30, 2020. No phone calls, please.
GIRLS INC. IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.",3.6,"Girls Inc
3.6","Indianapolis, IN",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1945,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
260,Data Engineer,-1,"About Us

Mindoula is a next-generation behavioral health management company that delivers tech-enabled, team-based 24/7/365 behavioral health support across the continuum of care. We are building the best population health management and analytics platform by using the latest technologies in big data and data science. Also, we are developing a comprehensive platform to address the needs of pre and post hospital care for large populations.

We are currently seeking to fill in multiple roles in technology and data to help build great technology helping Mindoula to grow faster.

About You

We are looking for a talented data engineer who is well versed with SQL, database optimization, data processing platforms & analytics.

Responsibilities:
Be part of the data team, collaborate with product and engineering teams in developing the data required to support the functionality and new features of our platforms.
Manage ingestion process of various input data sources (healthcare, claims data etc) and develop/maintain the common schema to store the healthcare information of members.
Manage tools and processes to process the data to derive key insights and analytics to power the intelligence of our platform.
Must be self-driven and a quick learner.
Requires strong problem-solving, analytical and communication skills.
Healthcare data experience is a plus.
Technologies:
Data Platforms: Spark, Python/Scala.
Strong SQL experience.
Databases: Postgres, Microsoft SQL Server
Hosting: Microsoft Azure
Tools: Github, CircleCI, CodeClimate
Requirements:
Minimum 3 years of experience in position
Healthcare experience with managing claims data
Compensation:
Competitive salary.
Generous benefits
This position is open to both as an employee or as a contractor/consultant.",3.8,"Mindoula Health Inc
3.8",Maryland,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
261,Data Engineer,"$63k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Now Hiring a Data Engineer

As a Data Engineer, you will use cutting edge cloud and data technologies to streamline services to our clients. Join our team of Data and Cloud professionals and accomplish what others only dream of. This is a remote position, but requires up to 50% travel to Chevy Chase, Maryland.

Profile of Success:
Work in a team using cutting edge technologies to solve challenging business problems and build solutions
Interact directly with our client(s) to understand their needs and meet, or exceed their expectations by meeting delivery deadlines
Work in an agile environment with participation in daily stand-ups/scrum
Design, write, test, troubleshoot, and document data transformations
Learn new technologies and be aware of industry standards, best practices, and trends.
Required Skills
3+ years of experience working with Scala
Hands on Programming experience in Scala with Spark for ETL
Advanced SQL skills
Possess Hive skills with HiveQL.
Experience in designing efficient and robust ETL/ELT workflows, schedulers using Oozie, and event-based triggers
Experience as a Big Data Developer
Exposure to NoSQL databases, HBase, and the Hadoop Ecosystem
Proven ability to work with clients to understand requirements and envision data ingestion solutions
Desirable Skills
Experience with the Azure storage technologies (Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure SQL Database)
Knowledge of Azure data movement and transformation capabilities (Azure Data Factory, Data Lake Analytics, Data Bricks, Stream Analytics)
Knowledge of Talend ETL
Microsoft related certifications such as the MCSD/MCSE",4.5,"Applied Information Sciences
4.5","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
262,Business Intelligence Analyst,"$46k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Senior Business Intelligence Analyst

Join a team where you can be an integral part of Aptean’s success.

The Who, What, Where And Why

Aptean is seeking a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst to work with the Business Operations team to continuously design, build and evolve our data reporting capabilities – all in an environment of rapid growth and increasing complexity. In this role, you will have the opportunity to incubate data solutions and help build Aptean’s centralized data platform by partnering with teams across different verticals to drive data reporting efficiency and performance insights to key stakeholders.

As a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, you'll contribute technical skills, business judgment, and creativity to build automated data solutions that provide these strategic insights. You'll take initiative and work well in environments with multiple cross-functional stakeholders and differing priorities. Additionally, you'll contribute people skills and drive to provide training and support to team members and partners. You'll lead complex, multi-disciplinary projects using your data warehousing and analytics expertise, manage project schedules, identifying risks, and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.

Who?

We are looking for someone with:

· 3-5 years of related work experience

· Experience with Data Analysis and Visualization of Power BI Dashboards

· Experience with data integration of Power BI with Salesforce.com, SQL Server and Excel (including VBA, Macros, Pivot Tables, array functions, Power Pivots, etc)

We’d like this person to have the following skills/abilities
Experience working within a high-growth, technology company
Able to operate successfully in a lean, fast-paced organization
Strong written and verbal communication skills, with a track record of supporting a variety of stakeholders
Exhibits sound business judgment and a proven track record of taking ownership, leading data-driven analyses, and providing clear answers to complex problems
Motivated self-starter, proactive and action-oriented
· Take charge mentality with a track record and ability to “get things done”
Strong problem solving and collaboration skills
Experience in prioritization of deliverables and tasks
What?

In this role, you would:

Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying Business Analytics Dashboards using Microsoft BI technologies including SQL Server, Power BI, Excel etc.

1. Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying Business Analytics Dashboards using Microsoft BI technologies including SQL Server, Power BI, Excel etc.

2. Analyze and leverage external data sources like Salesforce to integrate with existing datasets and relate a comprehensive BI story.

3. Build compelling, interactive and actionable reporting on top of structured data models that helps in deriving meaningful business insights from large, complex datasets.

4. Supporting the full BI lifecycle from requirements analysis through design & development, and through release and support/maintenance phases.

5. Gather requirements and design reports/custom analysis tools for the Executive Leadership Team.

6. Some of the reports that will be required but not limited to this set are:

- Daily/weekly/monthly performance reports for key performance indicators and provide analytics on them.

- KPI reports for monthly/quarterly/annual forecasting for Business Reviews.

- Gather, publish & maintain information related to historical, current and future performance.

- Compile and analyze data on historical sales and trends to forecast future trends.

7. Collaborate on identified ad hoc business problem-solving requests.

8. Train team members/users on Power BI tool, dashboards and reports, as required by leadership team.

Why?

In this role you will work on a great team that values self-motivation, attention to detail, and effective communication. This team is fast-paced and cooperative.

Aptean is where go-getters with strong problem solving skills can thrive. We provide learning opportunities across the company so that you can build and advance your career here no matter your background. Each and every one of us has a different story and different strengths. We are a dynamic company that cares about our 1,700 employees as much as our customers, and our leadership team believes in finding and retaining awesome people.

To promote health and wellness, Aptean employees are provided with competitive compensation, robust benefits beginning day-one, and a self-managed PTO policy. Our open-office environment and modern breakroom allow people to get to know each other from across departments.

Where?

This position will be located in our corporate headquarters in Alpharetta, GA at 4325 Alexander Dr #100, Alpharetta, GA 30022. You will enjoy our perks: mini-mart for snacks, drinks, and quick lunches, modern breakroom that allows people to get to know employees from other departments, monthly birthday celebrations, massages, monthly food trucks and breakfasts – all provided in an open-office environment. What you will also get to experience is a company that believes in the power of working collaboratively and winning together; that strives to balance work and home life, that seeks and hires teams of motivated go-getters, understands that this is a marathon, not a sprint; that continuously and purposefully builds an inclusive culture where everyone is able to do and be the best version of themselves. We seek people who naturally demonstrate our values, who are challenged by problems, empower others to thrive, people who can draw the owl and not be beholden to one playbook.

About Us
Aptean is a private-equity backed software company that connects companies in specific industries with specialized software solutions. In today’s fast-paced, highly competitive economy, organizations don’t have time to waste forcing homegrown software, spreadsheets, and one-size-fits-all solutions to do things they were never designed to do. Aptean is on a mission to end those workarounds with streamlined industry-specific software solutions. That’s why over 4,100+ highly specialized organizations in more than 20 industries and 54 countries rely on us to simplify their everyday operations.

If you are looking for a company where you can give your best, work collaboratively, and build your career, we encourage you to submit an application!

Aptean, Inc., is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. In accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws we do not tolerate discrimination or harassment against any applicant for employment or employee with Aptean because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other group status protected by applicable law.",3.2,"Aptean
3.2","Alpharetta, GA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
263,Data Scientist,"$112k-$133k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Entefy’s Senior Data Scientist is a highly visible position both internally and externally. Join the intelligence revolution, where we can push the state-of-the-art boundaries of data science. This is where deep experience and multi-dimensional insights intersect with an amazing opportunity to shape the future of productivity for people everywhere.

Skills and Experience:

We’re not looking for “good.” Entefy is on a mission to find exceptional talent. The success of our mission depends on our team’s ability to be creatively analytical, insatiably curious, and absolutely fearless in tackling big challenges.
Requirements
Master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or a compatible field. PhD is preferred.
3+ years of applicable work experience.
Demonstrable proficiency in Python, Scala, SQL, or R.
Strong data visualization and reporting skills.
Proven track record delivering high-value, advanced analytics.
Experience leading the work of other data scientists or analysts is preferred.
World-class ability to extract and communicate insights from real-world datasets.
Startup agility and versatility.
Visit www.entefy.com and www.blog.entefy.com.",4.3,"Entefy
4.3","Palo Alto, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
264,SENIOR CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS GROUP,"$65k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","SENIOR CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS GROUP


Opinion Dynamics seeks a new team member to join our Data Analytics team. The Data Analytics group is a dynamic and tightly knit team of individuals from a range of backgrounds working closely together on analytically challenging and methodologically innovative consulting, advising, and research projects to support energy efficiency and grid-focused needs. Our ideal candidate enjoys data analytics/science, data mining and data munging, is a problem solver, can effectively operate and navigate a dynamic environment of a consulting firm, and is excited to work with a multidisciplinary team of data scientists, statisticians, data analysts, and programmers.

Opinion Dynamics is a firm known for the excellence of our team and our commitment to a corporate culture that fosters innovative thought, growth and enrichment opportunities, passionate employees, collegiality and collaboration.

What we are looking for in an ideal candidate
Demonstrated interest in energy, energy policy, or building science
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in engineering, quantitative social science, statistics, political science, economics, computer or data science, or related field
Two or more years’ work experience in analytics, ideally evaluating energy efficiency programs and/or performing other forms of longitudinal data analysis, OR higher educational attainment with relevant coursework
Strong programming skills in Python (including the standard data science stack)
Experience importing, cleaning, and manipulating large datasets (500,000+ records) in the context of analytical modeling
Experience with econometric modeling/statistical regression analysis, including model evaluation and validation best practices
Highly motivated, with a demonstrated track-record of thinking critically about your work and clearly communicating with other project staff and managers about your work
Strong written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate with clients as well as ability to work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Strong consulting and advising skills
Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously and flexibly
Additional qualifications of value
Master’s or PhD in statistics, economics, engineering, or related field
Programming skills in other programming languages (R, Java, SQL etc.)
Experience with version control software (e.g. Git) and collaborative code development
Experience with machine learning methods
Demonstrated aptitude with data visualization tools and techniques (e.g. PowerBI, Tableau)
Experience working on a collaborative, cross-functional team
Location

Preferred: Waltham, MA (Company headquarters)

Other locations across Continental United States will be considered.

About Opinion Dynamics Corporation

Opinion Dynamics advances knowledge to address emerging energy and social issues

through sound and insightful research. Our inter-disciplinary team of consultants provides actionable research to support the needs of our clients, which include electric and gas utilities, regulators, and stakeholders. Our research and consulting services inform program planning and design, performance assessment, and optimization of energy efficiency, demand response, and renewable energy programs. Our company fosters innovative thought, collegiality and growth opportunities for our employees. The Data Analytics Group within Opinion Dynamics is especially focused on taking a data-driven approach to answering complex technical questions.

How to Apply:

To be considered for this position, please submit your cover letter (required) and resume with “Data Analytics Consultant” in the subject line. If contacted, please be prepared to complete analytical tests as part of the interviewing process; provide data analysis and writing samples that clearly demonstrate your experience and aptitude in the areas outlined above; as well as supply two or more references who can speak to your experience, work orientation, and work ethic.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.

Responsibilities
Qualifications


To be considered for this position, please send your cover letter and resume to:

Careers: Senior Consultant- Data Analytics Group

careersMA@opiniondynamics.com

Please submit a cover letter and resume to CareersCA@opiniondynamics.com.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics will not provide sponsorship for work authorization for this position. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.",4.2,"Opinion Dynamics
4.2","Waltham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1987,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
265,Machine Learning Engineer,"$118k-$201k
(Glassdoor Est.)","With the continued impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, Kensho is conducting all interviews and on-boarding activities remotely. At the present time, all employees are working remotely, until further notice. When the time comes to open our offices, Kensho will fully support those employees who would like to continue working remotely and not ask anyone to return to the office until they are comfortable.

At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the freedom, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products for our parent company, S&P Global. As a result, we produce technology that is scalable, robust, and solves the challenges of one of the world’s largest, most successful financial institutions.

As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for tackling a wide range of problems from natural language processing to timeseries prediction. You will move beyond the theoretical confines of academia and apply your tradecraft to build machine learning systems on real world data. In this role, you will constantly collaborate and work with groups of engineers. Our Machine Learning team is responsible for delivering ML-based solutions from problem framing, to prototyping, and production application.
Are you looking to make impactful, scalable contributions that transform the way we think about data? If so, we would love to help you excel here at Kensho. We take pride in our tightly-knit, team-based community that provides our Kenshins with a collaborative, supportive environment to bring transparency to the biggest challenges in data.
What You’ll Do
You will conduct original research on large proprietary and open source data sets
Identify, research, prototype, and build predictive products
You will build cutting-edge models for understanding vast amounts of textual data
Write production code
You will write tests to ensure the robustness and reliability of your productionized models
You will work closely with software engineers to build incredible systems
Technologies You’ll Use
Python and specifically NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, SciKit-learn
Neural network packages like TensorFlow/Keras and pytorch
ML packages like LightGBM and XGBoost
OpenFST
Elasticsearch
Required Skills, Knowledge & Experience
You have 3+ years of experience being a major machine learning contributor at a top company, hedge fund, or university
You have at least one core programming expertise, such as Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas), MATLAB, or R
You have experience with advanced machine learning methods
You possess strong statistical knowledge, intuition, and experience modeling real data
You demonstrate effective coding, documentation, and communication habits
You have a strong research acumen and experiment design skills
You have the ability and credibility to lead a team
You have a stellar ability to communicate even the most complicated methods and results to a broad, often non-technical audience
Several of the following terms should hold deep meaning for you: LSTM, lookahead bias, bagging, boosting, stacking, information retrieval, batch norm, entity recognition, bootstrapping, Glorot initialization, Kullback-Leibler divergence, GLOVE, SMAPE, HMM, MAP, exponential family, VC dimension, EM, L1, TD(Lambda)
How to Really Get Our Attention
Your GitHub/Kaggle profile shows a project or problems you’ve tackled
You have relevant research or publications
You are a specialist in deep learning in an academic setting or production-grade machine learning


At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:
- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
- 100% company paid premiums
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- 18 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)
- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching
- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities
- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences
- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches
- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)
- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) or Equinox membership (LA, NYC)
- Stipend towards commuter or gym reimbursement
- Bike sharing program memberships
- Compassion leave and elder care leave
- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities
- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events
About Kensho
Kensho uses machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and data visualization techniques to solve some of the hardest analytical problems and create breakthrough financial intelligence solutions for our parent company, S&P Global.
Kensho was founded in 2013 by Harvard & MIT alums and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"Kensho
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
266,Lead Data Engineer,"$83k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lead Data Engineer

As a data engineer in Zipcar’s data engineering team, your mission is to build real-time and offline solutions to make data accessible and reliable while leveraging the largest-scale data processing technologies in the world -- and then apply them to the Zipcar's most critical and fundamental data problems.

What you will do:
Build and own mission critical data pipelines that power Zipcar’s business
Develop solutions in bleeding-edge data technologies on AWS eco-system
Partner with architects and data analysts to make the best technology decisions
Create and maintain data models, data catalogs, and data security
Mentor team members and assist them in developing, testing and deploying software
What you’ll love about being a Zipster in Engineering:
You’ll get to come to work every day knowing that you’re contributing to the success of the world’s leading car sharing network
You'll be joining a collaborative, diverse, passionate team of Zipsters
You’ll get to work in a flexible work environment that is innovative and resourceful
At Zipcar, we encourage new tools and ideas- your opinion always matters!
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer scienceor related field
5+years’ experiencewith data engineering or data warehousing, or an equivalent data-oriented software engineering background
5+ years’ experience with SQL, optimizing queries and tuning database performance
3+years’ experiencewith key AWS technologies (Redshift, S3, IAM;alsoKinesis, Lambda, EMR, Spark, Hive)
3+years’ experiencewith ETL technologies (e.g. Talend, Informatica,Matillion)
4+years’ experiencewith Java, Python,Scalaand other programming languages
Experience withdbtand Airflow a strong plus
Familiarity with data analysis and data science tools (Looker,Jupyter, R) is a plus
Who are we?

Glad you asked! Zipcar is the world’s leading car-sharing network, found in urban areas and university campuses in more than 500 cities and towns. Our team is smart, creative and fun, and we’re driven by a mission – to enable simple and responsible urban living.

Being a Zipcar member gives you easy access to a car nearby without all the cost and hassle of owning one. Founded in 2000, Zipcar disrupted – or innovated – the traditional model of car ownership and independent studies show that Zipcar’s model of car sharing is proven to reduce vehicle ownership, freeing up more city space for people. Zipcar provides members with socially responsible, sustainable mobility options that support the global environment, their communities and city livability.

Zipcar is a subsidiary of Avis Budget Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: CAR), a leading global provider of mobility solutions. For more information, visit: www.zipcar.com.

The extra mile:

We encourage Zipsters to bring their whole selves to work - unique perspectives, personal experiences, backgrounds, and however they identify. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer – M/F/D/V.",3.1,"Zipcar
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Car Rental,Travel & Tourism,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
267,Scientist - In Vitro Assays,-1,"At Visikol, our mission is to accelerate the discovery and development of therapeutics through transforming tissues into quantitative data sets that we mine for actionable insights. We do this through leveraging our imaging, image analysis and advanced in vitro services that are based on a suite of proprietary software and cutting-edge research. As a company, we operate as a contract research organization and conduct contract research for the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. We are currently looking for a Scientist to join our team that will be responsible for the execution of research projects for our Clients and designing novel drug discovery assays. Specifically, we are looking for a Scientist who will lead complex in vitro assay services as well as developing novel cell based assays. This will be a unique opportunity to work side-by-side with our team of Scientists to develop novel drug discovery technologies for use with our pharmaceutical Clients. We are looking for a Scientist and are open to broad backgrounds within the imaging, cell culture and image analysis spaces. Specifically, we are looking for Scientists that have the following skills and background.
Great project management skills and the ability to manage several complex research projects simultaneously.
An ability to troubleshoot complex assays and develop novel solutions for problems.
Excellent presentations skills and the ability to communicate complex scientific findings with diverse audiences.
A thorough understanding and demonstrated track record of designing, implementing and reporting on assays to address specific research questions.
Substantial wet lab experience running and interpreting assay results.
BS + 5 years of experience, MS + 3 years of experience, PhD + 0-2 years of experience
The candidate should have a strong background in several of the below fields.
Fluorescent microscopy - confocal microscopy a plus.
Routine mammalian cell culture - 3D cell culture a plus.
Execution of in vitro assays.
Experience immunolabeling and optimizing fluorescent labeling.
Traditional histology - grossing, embedding, sectioning, staining.
Image analysis experience using ImageJ or other software tools.
Details: *
Position is located in Hampton, NJ

Compensation will be commensurate with experience

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year

Experience:
Confocal Microscopy: 1 year (Preferred)
Histology: 2 years (Preferred)
Cell culture: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",-1,Visikol Inc.,"Hampton, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
268,"Staff Research Scientist, Geomorphology/Soil Science","$35k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Thank you for your interest in employment with the Desert Research Institute. We want your application process to go smoothly and quickly. We ask that you keep in mind the following when completing your application:
Once you start the application process you cannot save your work. Please ensure you have all required attachment(s) available to complete your application before you begin the process.
Required attachments are listed below on the posting. Your application will not be considered without the required attachments.
Please see the application instructions under each posting for information on submittal deadlines.
If you need assistance or have questions regarding the application process, contact Human Resources Hotline at (775) 673-7431 or recruit@dri.edu.

Job Description

The Desert Research Institute (DRI) seeks a Staff Geomorphologist or Soil Scientist at the Staff Research Scientist level (Rank 1) to assist in the characterization of soils, geomorphology, and dust emission in support of current DoD funded projects at DRI.

This position involves research support in four overlapping areas:
Assist in the analysis of soil surface conditions as related to dust emission potential, including field operation of the PI-SWERL (Portable in situ Wind Erosion Laboratory).
Assist in the entry of field and laboratory data into spreadsheets and databases as required and ability to assist in the analysis of collected soil, dust, geomorphic, and Quaternary geologic data.
Assist on field-oriented studies where soil and geomorphic data is collected in support of project objectives.
Perform laboratory duties in the Quaternary Pedology and Soil Characterization Laboratory as directed.
In addition, the candidate should be familiar and comfortable with basic report writing and technical editing and be willing to learn how to collect instrument data, often in extreme environments.

Other responsibilities may include assistance in a wide variety of Quaternary geologic and geomorphic projects as opportunities and needs arise. These efforts include mapping of Quaternary geology and soils, identification of landforms, description and sampling of soils and sediments, working with Quaternary stratigraphy, sampling of materials for geochronology, geoarcheology and cultural resources identification, and general support of field research activities.

Required Qualifications
US Citizenship (Must have the ability to work on DoD instillations);
Bachelor of Science Degree in Geology, Earth Science, or related field from an accredited institution;
Basic knowledge in geomorphology, Quaternary geology, or soil science;
Excellent oral and written communication skills;
Team player with diverse research interests and excellent interpersonal skills;
Demonstrated experience to independently conduct field-based geomorphic or soil science research.
Preferred Qualifications
Master of Science Degree in Earth Sciences, Soil Science, or related fields from an accredited institution;
Experience using standard GIS software (e.g. ArcGIS Desktop) and generating map products;
Demonstrated experience with soil mapping and performing field descriptions of geomorphic, stratigraphic, and/or soil morphologic properties;
Working knowledge of soil classification systems;
Demonstrated experience or interest in performing laboratory analyses;
Demonstrated experience editing, compiling, and writing scientific reports and publications.
Conditions of Employment
Due to security requirements associated with accessing essential project sites and information, ALL applicants MUST be citizens of the United States.
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check.
Must be able to travel and to work in harsh field conditions for extended periods of time (i.e. southwest deserts in the summer, cold regions, tropical regions), walk/hike across uneven terrain, and ability to lift heavy equipment (40+ lbs.)
Organizational Summary

Since 1959, DRI has stood at the forefront of understanding Earth's complex environmental systems, promoting preservation of diverse ecosystems, advancing responsible natural resource management, and improving human health and welfare throughout Nevada and around the world. More than 500 highly skilled scientists, engineers, technicians and students are collaboratively focused on understanding and answering critical questions about global climate change, water quality and availability, air quality, sustainability of desert lands, life in extreme environments, and more.

Salary/Benefits

DRI’s starting salary is competitive and commensurate with education, experience, and aligns with similar public academic research institutions. DRI provides excellent benefits that include:
Health insurance options that include dental, vision, life, and long-term disability;
15.25% tax-deferred retirement contribution with matching by DRI;
Thirty (30) days of sick leave provided upon start date and two (2) days of sick leave accrued per full month after the first year of service, two (2) days of annual leave accrued each full month, 11 paid holidays;
Tuition reduction at NSHE institutions for employee and dependents;
No state income tax and no Social Security deduction;
Relocation assistance.
Exempt

Yes

Full-Time Equivalent

100.0%

Required Attachment(s)

Qualified individuals interested in this position must apply online at https://nshe.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/DRI-External.

Please upload the following documents in the specified section of your application in Workday:
A cover letter detailing your research experience, career goals, and project interests;
A current curriculum vitae;
Contact information for three professional/work-related references, to be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant permission.
Individuals who meet all required qualifications are encouraged to apply immediately and provide all required attachments to receive full consideration. Recruitment will close without notice when a sufficient number of applications are received, or a hiring decision has been made.

For more detailed information about DRI, please visit us at www.dri.edu. For questions regarding this position or assistance with your application, please call the recruiting office at 775-673-7319.

Posting Close Date

Note to Applicant

Applicants should fully describe their qualifications and experience with specific reference to each of the minimum and preferred qualifications. The search committee will use this information during the initial review of application materials.

References will be contacted at the appropriate phase of the recruitment process based on applicant notification and permission.

Newly hired faculty and postdoctoral fellows must assure that their official transcript is submitted to the Human Resources Office within 30 calendar days from the effective date of employment. Academic degrees must have been awarded by regionally accredited institutions.

This position may require a criminal background check to be conducted on the candidate(s) selected for hire.

As part of the hiring process, applicants for positions in the Nevada System of Higher Education may be required to demonstrate the ability to perform job-related tasks.

DRI employs only U.S. citizens and aliens authorized to work in the U.S. DRI only sponsors aliens applying for research faculty or postdoctoral fellow positions (J-1 or H-1B Visas).

All applicants hired by the Desert Research Institute are subject to E-Verify.",3.7,"Desert Research Institute
3.7","Reno, NV",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1959,Nonprofit Organization,Colleges & Universities,Education,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
269,"Environmental - Geologist, Scientist or Engineer (CAMPUS)",-1,"Antea USA, Inc. (Antea®Group) is seeking motivated, detail-orientedgraduates for entry level Environmental Scientist, Geologist or Engineer roles forSpring 2021 opportunities in various office locations throughout the United States.

Qualified individuals must have strong organizational and communication skills (both verbal and written), and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment with a strong technical support team. This safety-sensitive position reports to a project manager and will support project teams on a variety of assignments including site remediation activities, technical and safety oversight of subcontractors, permitting, Phase I and Phase II Environmental Site Assessments, and health and safety audit support. Tasks will include preparing work and health and safety plans; conducting soil and groundwater investigations and sampling; remediation system operation and maintenance; data entry, management and analysis; and the preparation of reports in a variety of formats.

This is a full-time position with 70% - 80% of travel anticipated. This may require working alone in remote locations and/or out of state work supporting other company offices.

Antea®Group focuses strongly upon safety in all aspects of our operations, in the field, the office, and while traveling. The successful candidate must likewise consider safety as paramount and demonstrate an awareness of safe operations, and be willing to accommodate long or non-standard work hours on a project by project basis.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and Training
BS in Geology / Hydrogeology / Engineering / Environmental Sciences / Health and Safety or related major
Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel
Minimum 0– 3 years of applicable environmental experience
This position requires a 40-hour HAZWOPER OSHA certification. While current certification is desirable, it is not required to apply. HAZWOPER training will be provided upon employment if the successful candidate(s) is/are not already certified
Experience& Fundamental Skill Set
Strong mechanical, organizational and communication skills
Strong time, project task management, and decision-making skills
Able to work independently, troubleshoot mechanical issues and produce results with attention to details
Ability to multi-task with multiple project managers
Interest and motivation to diversify skill set
Familiarity with state and federal environmental regulatory framework
Potential employees must pass a company-paid physical examination, drug-screen and have a valid driver's license
Physical Requirements / Work Environment - Maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities, which may include the following:

Sedentary to light work (typical office or administrative work)
Frequently required to stand, sit and walk for extended periods of time
Occasional lifting and carrying of low (under 25lbs) to moderate (25-49lbs) weight objects
Repetitive motions: substantial movements (motions) of the wrists, hands, and/or fingers (including reaching)
Subject to inside environmental conditions (protection from weather conditions but not necessarily from temperature change)
Operation of a motor vehicle
Additionally, if you are assigned work in the field at client project sites you will need to complete a medical surveillance/fitness-for-duty examination and maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities which may include the following:

Medium to heavy work
Subject to outside environmental conditions: heat/cold, wind, wet and/or humid, etc.
Occasional stooping (bending body downward and forward), kneeling (bending legs at knee), crouching (bending body downward and forward) and climbing
Frequent lifting (including push/pull, hold/carry) of light, moderate and possibly heavy weight objects
Subject to hazards, including a variety of physical conditions, including but not limited to proximity to moving vehicles, parts or equipment; exposure to chemicals; pressure (including noise); electrical hazards; biological hazards; excavation/trenching; confined spaces; elevated work; materials handling
May be required to wear an air purifying respirator
Antea®Group offers competitive benefits including paid vacation, paid holidays and paid sick leave.

Antea USA, Inc. (Antea®Group) is an EEO/AA Employer

Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity and other protected categories

NO RECRUITERS PLEASE/NO VISA SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME",4.0,"Antea Group
4.0",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
270,"Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer, Applied Science","$83k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Scientist/Senior Scientist/Lead Scientist - (Machine Learning Engineers) will work with the rest of the team to research, invent, and implement the next generation prediction, optimization, and analytics technology. You are a brilliant, motivated self-starter and an extremely fast learner with top notch problem solving, and analytical skills. You have a deep sense of curiosity and innate desire to dig deep into terabytes of data and love to play with the innards of complex algorithms, mathematical constructs and code.

Responsibilities
Research, design and/or implement solutions to challenging problems in real-time bidding domain, such as all kinds of optimization problems, audience understanding, etc.
Research and improve features and machine learning models for production pipeline.
Provide insights and suggestions on customer campaign optimization problems and product/platform optimization problems through statistical data analysis when needed.
Drive innovation by identifying and formulating new problems, publishing papers, filing patents, etc.
Required Qualifications
PhD degree in a closely related field (e.g.: computer science/engineering, optimization) with publications in the area is strongly preferred
Or Masters with significant experience in advertising and Machine Learning
Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling, optimization, algorithms, big-data, game theory
Proficiency with one or more programming languages - ability to write/debug production code.
Excellent communication skills – ability to present and communicate complex ideas in simple terms
Strong statistical/math/analytical abilities; Exceptional problem solving skills
Desired Qualifications
Previous experience in the advertising industry
Strong programming experience with Java, C/C++, Python and/or Scala
Excellent knowledge in algorithms and data structures
#LI-KM1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Redwood City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
271,Data Engineer,"$61k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Why consider OPI, and why do people dig working here?
Variety of consulting; new technologies, projects, and people on a regular basis.
Stability; we’ve been around since 1996 and have a diverse mix of clients and technologies to keep us busy, very busy. And we keep a bench. If you’re not on a project, you’re writing software for our internal business functions or you’re learning new technologies. It’s in our benefit to make our consultants as marketable as possible. That’s good for your career.
No politics or management; we don’t get in the way. Why sit in meetings all day when you can code and be productive?
Awesome benefits; free healthcare for your entire family (yes, free), 24 days of PTO + 10 days of sick time, quarterly profit sharing bonuses, you get paid OT, company trips (to Mexico), 3 company lake cabins/homes, various quarterly company events, new Macbook Pro’s, free beer/soda, chips, candy, and so much more.
You work with the best. Do an Object Partners search on LinkedIn and see the types of talent we hire. You truly get to work with intelligent, passionate engineers that share the same goal of building great software the right way.
Low company overhead. It all means more money back into our consultants pockets (profit sharing) or company trips and events to share in the financial success.

Qualifications

Architecture and design of highly available/scalable distributed systems.
Design and development of streaming data platforms using Kafka Streams, Spark, Flink, Storm, Beam or Cloud Dataflow.
Experience with functional/event-driven programming.
NoSQL technologies such as ElasticSearch or Cassandra.
Messaging technologies such as RabbitMQ, Kafka or Kinesis.
SQL on Hadoop technologies such as Hive, Impala or Presto.
Cloud services such as AWS, Azure, GCP or OpenStack.
JVM languages such as Java, Groovy, Kotlin or Scala.
Service frameworks such as Spring Boot, Ratpack, Vert.x, or Play.
Knowledge of data analytics, visualization and governance.
Knowledge of operating big data production solutions at scale.
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps culture.
Passion for software development. Someone that loves what they do, that aren’t just in it for a paycheck. Do you have dev projects going on at home at all times?
New projects, new teams, new technologies means having to adjust and learn all the time. You might get thrown on a DevOps project as well, so having the ability to jump in and get your feet wet without hesitation is important. If you don’t want to grow and learn, we’re not a fit.
Positive, can-do attitude. We can teach the technology, but we can’t teach how to approach client challenges with a positive, helpful demeanor. The best consultants aren’t the most technical (although that sure helps), it’s the consultant that will do whatever it takes to see a client be successful, no matter what they throw at you.",4.8,"Object Partners
4.8","Des Moines, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
272,Senior Data Scientist,"$116k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Recursion, our mission is to decode biology to radically improve lives. To accomplish this bold goal, we have already generated one of the largest biological datasets in existence in our own labs— tens of billions of images of cells under millions of different biological and chemical perturbations.

With treatments for hundreds of diseases in our sights, Recursion has constructed a world-class team of specialists in biology, drug discovery, automation, engineering, management, and data science that work side by side. Our data science team is no less diverse. We bring together domain expertise in computer science, physics, biology, mathematics, applied statistics, and more. Together, we analyze experimental results, develop best-practice analytical methods for a field that has none, and build the computational tooling required to fuel Recursion's drug-discovery engine.

HOW YOU'LL CONTRIBUTE:

You will help us accomplish all of this by applying your domain expertise, technical experience, and years working on a data science team to deliver scalable solutions that immediately impact decisions— in whatever area that expertise may be:
Biologists just generated a novel dataset and need help developing a new analytical approach.
Our Chemistry team needs a new tool to register and recommend molecules with specific properties from an X-million compound registry.
Our analysis toolkit needs to level-up to support the growing needs of the company.
A production ML model is underperforming on new data, and needs both a redesign and additional experimental data to support the desired objectives.
You will identify and then own projects that suit your expertise— meaning conception, planning, development, implementation, and delivery— with the support of whatever other data science and cross-team expertise is required.

THE EXPERIENCE YOU'LL NEED:
Minimum of 4 years in industry setting on a data science team
Experience working with production repositories and developing deployable data-science products.
High fluency with the Python data stack (pandas, sklearn, etc).
Professional experience in project leadership and team mentorship
Curiosity and the professional skill-set to excel in an open, highly collaborative environment.
A track record of outstanding past projects, publications, or presentations.
NICE TO HAVE:
Experience developing computational analysis for imaging-based biological datasets or bioinformatics for sequencing-based datasets.
Code you can share. Send a link along with your email.
THE BENEFITS/PERKS YOU'LL ENJOY
100% Coverage of health, vision, and dental insurance premiums
401(k) with generous matching (immediate vesting)
Stock option grants
Two one-week paid company closures (summer and winter)
Flexible vacation/sick leave
Onsite daycare facility*
Commuter benefit and vehicle parking to ease your commute*
Complimentary chef-prepared lunches and well-stocked snack bars*
Generous paid parental leave (including adoptive)
Fully-paid gym membership to Metro Fitness, located just feet away from our headquarters*
One-of-a-kind 100,000 square foot headquarters complete with a 70-foot climbing wall, showers, lockers, and bike parking*
*Subject to change during the COVID-19 pandemic

More About Us

Recursion is a digital biology company industrializing drug discovery. Recursion does this by combining automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning, in vivo validation capabilities and a highly cross-functional team to discover novel medicines that expand our collective understanding of biology. Recursion's rich, relatable database of over 4 petabytes of biological images generated in-house on the company's robotics platform enables advanced machine learning approaches to reveal drug candidates, mechanisms of action, novel chemistry, and potential toxicity, with the eventual goal of decoding biology and advancing new therapeutics that radically improve people's lives. Recursion is proudly headquartered in Salt Lake City.

Check out what it is like to work at Recursion here

Recursion is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. Recursion strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against applicants because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.",4.6,"Recursion Pharmaceuticals
4.6","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
273,Staff Data Scientist,"$123k-$196k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data everyday and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve the American dream on our realtor.com website and mobile apps.

What will you do?

We seek a highly seasoned Staff Data Scientist to join our experienced data science team and help take it to the next level. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for the development of innovative concepts, research, predictive modeling, and machine learning algorithms. You will serve as a mentor for the junior data scientists on the team and provide guidance on their individual projects.

Responsibilities:
Develop predictive, explanatory models and machine learning algorithms.
Create automated learning systems that gracefully scale to increasing complexity and expectation.
Perform exploratory analysis on realtor.com's wealth of data including consumer web and mobile behavior and North America's most comprehensive and up-to-date listings and properties data set.
Effectively partner with product and engineering teams to build new data driven and machine learning based features for enriching the consumer experience of home shoppers, renters and sellers.
Design and build data science solutions to drive revenue growth, customer retention and support strategic decision making.
Generate descriptive visualizations and presentations to communicate insights.
Drive A/B & multivariate tests and design of experiments to facilitate testing of new product and design features, with focus on improving engagement, retention, and conversion.
Help improve the scope of our data sets by identifying new data collection and procurement opportunities on an ongoing basis.
Mentor a team of data scientists on data exploration, machine learning and developing data-oriented products.
Work with a sense of ownership and urgency, advocate for experimentation based, agile culture.
What will you bring?
Requirements:
PhD/MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research or related fields.
4+ years of relevant experience in data science, machine learning or applied statistics.
Experience with Machine Learning, NLP or Computer Vision and data mining tools and underlying algorithms.
Experienced in Python, R, Spark or other languages and frameworks appropriate for large scale analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Working experience with relational databases (SQL) and large scale distributed systems.
Experience with experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests.
Proven track record of developing online data products.
Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
About realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.

#LI-IH1",2.8,"realtor.com
2.8","Santa Clara, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
274,Senior Data Scientist 3 Artificial Intelligence,"$70k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311094

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1 year of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
275,"Data Analyst, Governance and Quality","$43k-$77k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Boston Private is a leading provider of fully integrated wealth management, trust and private banking services. For more than 25 years, Boston Private has taken a highly personalized approach to serving the complex financial needs of individuals, families, business owners, private partnerships, nonprofits and community partners. Boston Private is also an active provider of financing for affordable housing, first-time homebuyers, economic development, social services, community revitalization and small businesses.

Headquartered in Boston, Boston Private has offices across the U.S. including Boston, San Francisco, San Jose, Los Angeles and South Florida. Private banking and trust services are provided through Boston Private Bank & Trust Company. Wealth management services are provided through Boston Private Wealth LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Boston Private Bank & Trust Company.

Responsibilities:

As a member of the Data, Analytics and Reporting Team (DART) and reporting to the Head of Data Management, the Data Analyst – Governance and Quality will play a critical role to establish Enterprise Data Governance. Under the direction of the Head of Data Governance, this role will administer all aspects of the Data Governance (DG) process as well as serve as lead analyst for issues related to data standards and data policies. The role will also involve a component of change management for the definition, creation, and enforcement of DG processes.

This role will not only play an integral role in helping to stand up DG, but it will also play a role in shaping and evolving it. This is a great opportunity for an experienced and organized Business Analyst with data background to learn and grow along with Boston Private’s DG data function. Key stakeholders include the Data Governance Leadership Team, Data Analysts, BI Report Developers, Data Engineers, Data Stewards, and business data consumers.

Key responsibilities include:

Create and maintain BP’s Enterprise DG tools (e.g. Data Glossary, Master Report Inventory, Standards & Policies)
Collect and maintain a master list of DG required actions and their progress
Proactively gather, document data requirements and analysis including data integrity and data consistency related to DG standards
Establish DG monitoring processes and related reporting to track the organizations progress.
Work closely with DART Data and Reporting Analysts to inform data transformations, reporting and analysis.
Coordinate and prepare for Data Leadership Group, Data Steward Working Group, and Data Quality Working Group
Serve as curator for DG assets to help DART members and business stakeholders gain ready access to reference materials and tools.
Work closely with the Data Architecture team to enhance existing tools and data architecture to ensure a best in class control framework.
Leverage DART processes and tools to communicate, develop, and maintain DG assests such as documentation and analysis including Jira and steps required as part of DART’s development and launch control processes.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, or a similar subject required.
Master’s degree in Technology preferred, or equivalent work experience using software tools for data interrogation is a plus.
Demonstrated attention to detail and teamwork.
Exceptional written and verbal Communication skills.
Financial Services industry experience desired.

Skills & Experience

3+ years’ hands-on experience as a Business Analyst or equivalent required.
Experience producing and/or maintaining business and/or data requirements required.
Experience with SQL and demonstrated understanding of relational databases required.
Experience working on or directly supporting a data management team is desired.
Prior experience serving as part of a Data Governance organization or supporting one is a plus.",3.6,"Boston Private Bank & Trust Company
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1987,Company - Public,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
276,Contract Data Analyst,"$54k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Amyx is seeking to hire a Contract Data Analyst located in Rosslyn, VA. The successful candidate must have A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization. Also, a minimum of 2 years of experience serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst

Responsibilities:

Responsibilities and Skills:

Knowledge of WAWF eBusiness processes.
Knowledge of the federal acquisition process.
Knowledge of contracting principles, laws regulation and procedures.
Knowledge of methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.
Knowledge and Experience of the WAWF eBusienss Suite, to include: iRAPT, EDA, IUID, CDR, MyInvoice, and Contract Closeout.
Good verbal, analytical and written communication skills.
Good organizational skills in tracking data and actions.
Knowledge and Experience writing professional documents.
Knowledge and Experience in Customer Service.
Skilled in Business Intelligence Reporting.
Proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of applications including Word, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Project as well as with Adobe Acrobat.

Supported Technologies:
Integrative Acquisition Environment
DOD acquisition system

Qualifications:

Required Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and preferred majors are accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.
2 years of experience required in serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:
Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition procedures

Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.
Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.
Physical Demands
Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.",4.0,"Amyx, Inc.
4.0","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
277,Associate Data Scientist,"$71k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is seeking an Associate Data Scientist to join our DHS Data Analytics Department. Responsibilities for this role will include the following:
Acquire fundamental understanding of analytical equipment and tools to include open source intelligence (OSINT) platforms
Operate analytical equipment and tools
Perform processing and analysis of collected information
Support the development and application of a technical process approach to a sponsor problem
Present results in an intuitive manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise and conduct insightful, actionable analyses
Utilize existing open source social media methodologies to apply specialized tools and capabilities in support of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) national security mission
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik
Ability to understand and map data relationships
Work with sponsors, vendors, and partner contractors to gain understanding of sponsor business challenges and evaluate possible technical solutions
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in a relevant discipline
Required Qualifications:
Ability to leverage both MITRE and team knowledge effectively
Ability to work with a variety of audiences to include sponsors, vendors, and partner contractors
Experience with databases technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL
Strong communications and interpersonal skills
Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, adapted to a variety of audiences and technical understanding
Strong interpersonal communication skills to interact with senior Government staff, technical peers, and MITRE team members
Ability to work in a dynamic fast-paced environment
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience organizing analytic results for further analysis
Ability to find patterns in data and clearly articulate the entire analysis (e.g., methodology, results, assumptions, constraints) using various suites of tools
Experience with databases technologies (e.g., PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, Neo4j)
Experience manipulating datasets with at least one modern programming language or business intelligence platform like Python, SAS, MATLAB, C++, R, Java, SQL, PL/SQL
Creatively apply visualizations to large datasets using tools like Tableau, Power BI, or Qlik
Ability to assess the quality of data or tool against a set of requirements
Ability to prepare comprehensive written reports, presentations, and charts based on research, collection, and analysis of intelligence data
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
278,Research Scientist,-1,"Job Description:

Our Reston office is seeking talented candidates to develop mathematical models and algorithms, develop and demonstrate prototype software, and participate in operational analysis related to their technical work. Our Reston office employs mathematicians, physicists and computer scientists. We routinely apply stochastic processes, statistical inference, optimization and scheduling, models of random graphs and applied physics to develop the underlying theory and applications for our clients. The successful candidate will interact with customers, both onsite and offsite, gather requirements and data, write and present briefings, and contribute to the development of Metron tools.

Projects typically involve developing advanced algorithms implemented in a computer prototype system for our research & development customers. We work in small teams, led by Senior Analysts, who work closely with new employees. Project teams work together from the initial system concept, through software and algorithm design, to implementation and demonstration.

We believe an employee's specific academic training is not as important as their innate ability and willingness to learn new areas of mathematics and work on difficult problems.

Required Qualifications:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or Operations Research
Some programming experience is preferred (C, C++, Java, Matlab, etc.)
Mathematical, simulation, or physical modeling experience highly desired
US Citizenship required, position will require background investigation to authorize access to classified information

Position Location: Reston, VA

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Metron takes affirmative action in support of its policy to employ and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor",3.0,"Metron, Inc.
3.0","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
279,Data Engineer,-1,"TubeScience is looking for a talented Data Engineer to join our thriving team in Downtown LA! This role is remote flexible based in LA or anywhere in the US.

Quick 'about us':

We're a data-driven video startup based in LA that's grown to become the largest producer of video ads on paid social in the 4 years since founding. Collectively, our videos account for ~5% of all paid video views on Facebook and Instagram in North America and reach 100-200 million people per day.

Our clients are among the largest advertisers on FB and Instagram, across a wide range of verticals (incl. fashion, beauty, food, fitness apps, healthcare apps, financial services), giving us unique visibility into what drives success at scale. We focus on profitable growth with clients and grow their investment by 80% on average.

What's atypical about the company:
We're fast and data-driven: our teams develop concepts in the morning, shoot/edit in the afternoon, launch in the evening, and iterate the next day based on real-world performance.
We're a behavioral R&D lab at the core: We put 2,000+ video experiments per week, watched by tens of millions of people per day, that give us deep insights into how people make decisions. Over the past couple years, we've built an enormous library of IP around human behavior and visual communication.
We work on a pure pay for performance basis. Zero production fees for video. Clients only pay us if our videos outperform anything they're running internally.
What You'll Do:
Work with Data / Data Warehouse Architect to develop data warehouse models, design specifications, metadata process and documentation. Develop detailed ETL specifications based on business requirements
Partner with business users, senior architects, product managers, engineering teams, and other teams to deliver a robust data services platform
Work across all phases of the software development lifecycle in a cross-functional, agile development team setting
Design and build ETL jobs in a managed AWS environment.
Perform SQL-based exploratory analysis using AWS RDS / Athena or similar
Building and maintaining our data pipelines
Data Cleansing
BI work
Qualifications:
Experience with AWS services including Data Pipeline, Glue, Athena, CloudFormation, etc.
Experience developing ELT pipelines using Snowflake, Terradata, Vertica, Redshift or similar data warehousing technologies
Experience of the AWS data ecosystem (Glue, Kinesis, S3, Lambda, EMR, etc.)
Sharp, quick to understand
Willingness to dig deep enough to understand the root issue
We're a startup, willing to take on additional development activities if needed
ETL experience a must
Familiarity with AWS services
Experience with BI tools/applications
Strong initiative
Experience with Python/Java/C+/.net preferred
Benefits:
Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Flexible PTO
401k + Matching
Personal Coaching
Remote Flexibility
Creative Working Environment
Fully Stocked Kitchen
Paid Sick Leave
Annual Learning and Development Allotment
Doctor House Call On-Demand
Application Process:

Interested candidates should apply directly for consideration. Upon submitting your application, our hiring team will review your credentials and will notify you if you are selected to participate in the interview process. We appreciate your interest in TubeScience and kindly ask that you refrain from inquiries to our teams via LinkedIn. All questions regarding the status of your application can be directed to careers@tubescience.com .

No third party or agency submissions will be accepted

TubeScience is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We consider all qualified applicants for employment regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please feel free to contact us at accomodations@tubescience.com.",3.9,"TubeScience
3.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
280,Business Intelligence Analyst & Developer,"$36k-$74k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


Everyone wants to work with people they respect. Even better if you can work with a company you respect. We have both at The David J. Joseph Company, and a 135+ year track record on operating an ethical business with a positive work culture. It may sound cliché, but it’s true. We’re a big, global company that still feels small.

Working at the David J. Joseph Company is unique. We offer employment in diverse settings such as traditional corporate headquarters, dynamic sales locations, and scrap recycling facilities. This workplace diversity gives our employees the variety they crave and the exposure to a global business. A career at The David J. Joseph Company is ideal for self-starters seeking to make an impact on our company and their careers.

The David J. Joseph Company (DJJ), founded in 1885, is a world leader in scrap metal recycling & trading. With over 80+ locations, the Joseph Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nucor Corporation (NUE) a Fortune 200 Company.

Responsibilities
Performs solution design, development, testing, debugging and maintenance for one or more of the following enterprise data team areas of responsibility:
Enterprise data modeling
ETL systems
BI semantic layers
Dashboards and reports
Ad-hoc data analysis
Participates in requirements gathering, design sessions, fact-finding and prototyping activities to drive business adoption of data products.
Documents detailed solution specifications, data mappings, test cases and maintenance routines.
Works collaboratively with other team members to evolve best practices and team standards for data visualization, data modeling, or data integration.
Develops and maintains knowledge of customer’s business by learning through a mix of project work, partnering with business users, and seeking out learning opportunities.
Participates, along with other team members, in a support rotation, handling system triage and resolving user-facing tickets.
Delivers solutions that are optimized for performance and proactively tunes and refactors existing solutions.
Develops and refines new and existing data products to ensure data quality and single source of truth.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or Business-related discipline is preferred. Equivalent combination of experience and education will be considered.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience including working knowledge of relational databases, data warehouse environments, and SQL.
Minimum 2 – 5 years related experience with business intelligence, data integration or data analytics tools and languages (for example: MicroStrategy, PowerBI, Tableau, MDX, multidimensional or tabular cubes; ETL development; R, Python).
Preferred experience utilizing source control systems to perform development tasks (git or TFS).
Preferred experience developing cloud-based data solutions (Azure, SnowFlake, RedShift, etc.)
Demonstrates working knowledge, practical skills and the ability to perform work under moderate supervision.
Must be detail-oriented with the ability to manage multiple assignments effectively.
Requires effective communication skills to convey status, ideas and concepts in a team environment.
Requires professional demeanor with a high degree of flexibility, responsiveness and self-direction.
Benefits


We offer a competitive compensation and benefit package including paid training, bonus program, medical, dental, vision, life and disability coverage, vacation, paid holidays, a 401(k) plan with match, tuition reimbursement and other great benefits.

EEO Statement


The David J Joseph Company (DJJ) is a drug-free workplace and conducts pre-employment testing as a condition of employment.DJJ is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, sex, pregnancy, lactation/breastfeeding, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, familial status, disability, genetic information, protected veteran status, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. DJJ hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled. If you’d like more information on your EEO rights under the law, please click here.

DJJ reasonably accommodates qualified individuals with disabilities to enable them to receive equal employment opportunity and/or perform the essential functions of the job, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship to the Company. This applies to all applicants and teammates.DJJ also provides a work environment in which each teammate is able to be productive and work to the best of his or her ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment. We expect and require the cooperation of all teammates in maintaining an atmosphere free from discrimination and harassment with mutual respect by and for all teammates and applicants.

E-Verify Information | E-Verify Notice

EJN


EJN",4.5,"The David J. Joseph Company
4.5","Cincinnati, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1885,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Metals Brokers,Mining & Metals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
281,Lead Data Scientist,"$111k-$178k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At the intersection of technology, science, business and sports, Strivr offers an end-to-end, VR-based immersive learning platform that changes the way people around the world train, learn and perform. With a mission to elevate performance through immersive experience, we are redefining an industry in real time and shaping the future of learning.

Strivr was founded in 2015 out of Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab, using the football field as our proving ground. Since then, we have quickly expanded from the athlete to the enterprise, partnering with leading Fortune 500 companies including Walmart, Verizon and Fidelity to innovate and elevate employee development.

More than just content inside a headset, immersive learning provides realistic, high-impact experiences driven by L&D experts, instructional designers, data scientists, and immersive content specialists. Strivr offers the only end-to-end solution available today, bringing together the software, hardware, content and services needed to deliver effective training at scale.

Recognized by Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2019 and 2020, we take pride in our passion for innovation and we use that energy to fuel our work. Our culture thrives on teamwork, grit, transparency and impact, and celebrates every win. It’s an exciting time to join our fast growing team!

At Strivr, our Data Science team develops cutting-edge techniques to improve people’s performance in the real world based on their experiences in the virtual world. As a Data Scientist at Strivr, you will be at the forefront of defining approaches to Immersive Data Science and will be evaluating and optimizing user experience in the virtual world.

Your responsibilities:
Develop innovative approaches to measuring user behavior and evaluating performance in the virtual environment
Collaborate with partners such as Engineering and Solutions teams to instrument the data collection process and build ETL pipelines to obtain data required for your analyses
Implement approaches and communicate insights in a compelling narrative
Incorporate your research outcomes into the data product offering
Minimum Qualifications:
5+ years of industry experience as a Data Scientist
An advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering)
Experience developing and implementing in-depth approaches, including statistical and econometric analyses and/or ML models
Experience building ETL pipelines
Proficiency with Python (or R), and SQL
Strong communication skills
Passion for using data to improve immersive experiences",4.5,"Strivr
4.5","Palo Alto, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
282,Sr. Compliance Data Analyst,-1,"Main Objective: The Compliance Data Analyst Sr (DA) Specialist will be responsible for the administration of the Risk Management & Compliance (RM&C) DA program to provide actionable insights through data and analysis to achieve business objectives.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Assists in the administration of audit tools for workpaper documentation and issues tracking.

Supports the Global Compliance Audit team to embed DA in the audit process in order to facilitate effective risk-based audit approach.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders in the development and implementation of global, regional and subsidiary continuous monitoring activities.

Collaborates with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders and their business partners to understand business goals, objectives and challenges, and provides reliable and accurate reports, insights, and analysis to support informed decision making.

Analyzes and interprets complex data sets and communicates trends and findings to RCOs and other RM&C leaders as well as other stakeholders and business partners.

Performs analysis of structured and unstructured data to solve complex business and department problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.

Solicits feedback from stakeholders to continuously evaluate and improve the quality of reports and dashboards.

Assists in the identification and addressing opportunities for process enhancements as well as new analytical opportunities.

Partners with Regional Compliance Officers (RCO) and other RM&C leaders to identify opportunities where DA can be utilized to assist the business gain insights with advance analytics tools and solutions.

Supports the development and implementation of various RM&C department initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness of the company’s global compliance program.

Delivers training to RM&C team members and other stakeholders on effectively using analytic tools and solutions.

Develops strong relationships with relevant members of the Global Information Services (GIS) department and other DA personnel from other departments to leverage expertise and foster collaboration.

Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and solutions to business partners.

Incidental Duties:

The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required, by management.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree required in Business, Data Science, Data Analytics or a related field.

5 years of experience in Legal, Compliance, Risk, Internal Audit or working with IT systems related to Legal, Compliance, Risk or Internal Audit required; preferably within the healthcare/life sciences/biotech industry.

Strong knowledge and experience in advance analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources preferred.

Expertise in visualization tool e.g., Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau preferred.

Ability to communicate in an additional language preferred.

Knowledge and Skill Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Professional written, verbal, analytical, organizational, problem solving and presentational skills.
Ability to understand and develop business process and controls.
Comfortable working in situations with no clear answer.
Ability to prioritize projects and responsibilities.
Self-starter and willingness to contribute where there is a need within the team.
Ability to adapt in a dynamic and high-growth environment.
Knowledge of laws, regulations, and industry guidance applicable to a global healthcare company.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:

Fully proficient use of the Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, Visio, Excel, Word, Power Point and various and specialized software.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Naples",3.0,"Arthrex
3.0","Naples, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
283,Data Engineer,"$64k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Data Engineer, you will have the unique opportunity to curate and organize data for a program advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This aim of this program is to discover and curate data as well as develop and curate synthetic data. Then, we will develop machine learning (ML) models and training pipelines to detect and discern features in scenes. Finally, we will inject obfuscations into the data to fool the models.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos (DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you, and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Engineer will be responsible for the following:
Assess, transform, organize, and optimize data for use by machine learning algorithms
Generating representative data sets for systems development and data science initiatives
Build data pipelines that enables data scientists and engineers and other stakeholders

Requirements
TS/SCI clearance required
4+ years of experience designing data models and data warehouses supporting analytics, using both relational and non-relational distributed data storage systems
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining ETL pipelines. Bonus points for experience with Apache Beam
Demonstrated experience working with Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) data
Demonstrated experience with large-scale distributed processing
Experience building data pipelines in ML frameworks. Kubeflow experience is desired
Experience working in a fast-paced agile environment is a plus
Familiarity with machine and deep learning libraries such as Scikit-learn and PyTorch.
Experience in a high-level programing language, such as Java, Python or GoLang
Demonstrated proficiency with Git version control systems
Experience working in Linux environments
We're looking for a motivated Data Engineer eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes person growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment

#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
284,Business Intelligence Analyst - Glens Falls Hospital,"$27k-$55k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you will drive the efficient operations within a line of business by analyzing business processes and data to provide business insight. You will be responsible for articulating key process flows and stakeholders, describe and manipulate data sets, sources, and structures as well as gather requirements and manage multiple inputs and priorities. As a member of this team you will develop reporting to make data more meaningful to business initiatives, analyze data quantitatively and qualitatively and communicate findings, this will also include identifying root cause of problems with reports or data sets within the domain. Finally, your responsibilities will include collaborating on data quality conditions and monitoring with domain business subject matter experts.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of business analytics work experience
Preferred Qualifications
At least 1 year experience with Excel, SQL, Tableau, PowerBI, Business Objects, and/or CCL
At least 1 year experience with healthcare quality measures
At least 1 year experience with Cerner Millennium and/or HealtheIntent applications
At least 1 year experience in a healthcare consulting role
Expectations
Must live in or be willing to relocate to the Glens Falls, NY area",4.0,"Cerner
4.0","Glens Falls, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
285,Project Manager/Senior Scientist,-1,"Project Manager/Senior Scientist*
Boyle Associates, a subsidiary of CEA, is a full-service environmental consulting firm located on the working waterfront in Portland, Maine. Our staff has extensive experience in meeting client needs of early stage development and preliminary project diligence, support in developing permit applications and obtaining regulatory approvals, and supporting compliance and oversight during construction.
We support our clients on diverse projects in both terrestrial and marine environments. We work on a great variety of projects and this position offers a growth opportunity to the right applicant.

Boyle is seeking applicants for the position of Project Manager/Senior Scientist. This position is assigned to our Portland, Maine office located at 254 Commercial Street and reports to the company
Principal. The successful applicant will help to lead our company’s portfolio of projects and be responsible for managing timelines, the development of technical reports, permit documents, and regulatory applications. Preference given to those with demonstrated permitting experience in our region.

This position will closely coordinate with all Boyle staff and other companies that are part of the CEA family. Specific duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Successfully leads projects through completion and implements standards and processes for quality assurance and quality control of all project deliverables; Coordinate field efforts and technical studies to implement a well-managed process serving the diverse needs of our clients; Analyze current business processes and document control requirements; Facilitate collection and delivery of environmental data and use analytical/planning tools; Continually seek to improve practices to add quality and value in support of Boyle’s growth and practice goals while identifying and eliminating unnecessary and redundant actions.

MINIMUM ENTRANCE REQUIREMENTS: Applicants must have at least (A) six (6) years of full-time professional, administrative, supervisory, or managerial experience in business administration, business management, public administration, public management, clinical administration or clinical management of which (B) at least two (2) years must have been in a project management, supervisory or managerial capacity working as a consultant in the New England market. This is in addition to the following;

 Willingness to learn and a positive attitude
 Ability to thrive is a fast paced and variable work environment.
 Ability to travel and work extended hours during the field season.
 Experience leading teams and overseeing and ensuring work quality of others.
 Experience using full suite of Microsoft office tools (Project, Excel, etc.)
 Ability to effectively manage data and develop organize file structures.
 Willing and capable of working as part of a team.
 Able to develop and implement complex analytical decision making under pressure.

If you are interested in joining our team please submit a resume and cover letter. Please mention the position you are applying for in your cover letter and include salary requirements. Send resume to

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Experience:
Environmental Permitting/Project Management: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location",4.5,"Boyle Associates, a subsidiary of CEA
4.5","Portland, ME",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
286,"Computational Biologist / Data Scientist, Oncology","$98k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","15-Sep-2020

Job ID
302852BR
{""QuestionName"":""Job Description"",""AnswerValue"":""1 purpose...to reimagine medicine! Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. (NIBR) is seeking a computational biologist / bioinformatics analyst to join the Novartis Oncology Data Science Team. Oncology Data Science provides computational biology expertise to NIBR Oncology, from target ID through clinical development, for both targeted and immune therapies. We apply cutting edge technologies and analytical approaches to elucidate the molecular basis for therapeutic response in individual cancer patients. Using sequencing data generated from thousands of Novartis oncology clinical trial samples, we bring hypotheses from biomarker discovery to bear on drug discovery and development.

We are seeking a highly motivated bioinformatics scientist to perform analysis of next-generation sequencing data (e.g bulk and single cell RNA-sequencing, tumor and cell-free DNA-sequencing) from clinical trial samples. The successful candidate will work collaboratively with computational biologists and clinical trial teams and will contribute to the interpretation of candidate biomarkers. Specific job responsibilities include:

•Supporting genomic biomarker profiling studies in oncology clinical trials
•Designing and performing analyses of genomic data (gene expression and genetic variation) and clinical variables to test and discover biomarkers for response and resistance to therapy
•Implementing and developing innovative analytical approaches with translational impact for clinical genomic data
•Providing biological interpretation of biomarkers
•Performing assessment of quality control metrics
•Communicating key findings and biological context to clinical trial teams

Posting Title
Computational Biologist / Data Scientist, Oncology",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
287,"Sr. Data Scientist, Pricing","$142k-$223k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

Wish is a mobile e-commerce platform that flips traditional shopping on its head. We connect hundreds of millions of people with the widest selection of delightful, surprising, and—most importantly—affordable products delivered directly to their doors. Each day on Wish, millions of customers in more than 160 countries around the world discover new products. For our over 1 million merchant partners, anyone with a good idea and a mobile phone can instantly tap into a global market.

We're fueled by creating unique products and experiences that give people access to a new type of commerce, where all are welcome. If you’ve been searching for a supportive environment to chase your curiosity and use data to investigate the questions that matter most to you, this is the place.

Job Description

At Wish, our Data Science & Engineering team is composed of Economists, Data Scientists, Data Analysts & Data Engineers who focus on centralizing corporate data in order to gain insights, knowledge and scalability, that empower a proactive and rigorous analysis of key business indicators. Our mission is to derive wisdom from data via the application of Data Science.

Within the DS&E Team, the Pricing Team at Wish is a small but growing, high impact team. We are responsible for the platform’s pricing system and work with stakeholders across the company on related issues. We work to consistently improve the pricing algorithms used to determine the price for items on Wish while working with partners from logistics to user incentives.

Wish’s Pricing Data Science Team has an exciting opportunity for exceptional candidates to innovate at the intersection of pricing and other areas throughout Wish.

Some applied areas the Pricing Team explores are:
Merchants: How do we modify pricing to support a diverse set of merchants while promoting competition?
Logistics & Taxes: How do we adapt pricing when costs change?
Promotions & Incentives: What types of discounts should we offer and how should we adjust pricing for these discounts?
In this role you will:
Translate business questions into actionable research
Provide expert guidance to business stakeholders evaluating model and experimental results
Develop a research agenda/roadmap within your technical area
Apply traditional (neoclassical), behavioral, and experimental approaches to solve complex problems
Work and communicate with stakeholders across the company to accomplish objectives
Be willing to learn, grow, and build - we need someone with a startup mindset that can also operate at the scale of one of the world’s largest e-commerce platforms
#LI-WISHXDS

Qualifications
PhD in Economics, Quantitative Marketing, Operations Research, Management Science, or related field
2+ years of experience in industry, consulting, research, or government
Proficiency in a scripting language such as Python or R
Preferred Qualifications:
Candidates with advanced experience are encouraged to apply
Demonstrated ability to develop a research agenda/roadmap, execute, and deliver impactful results (either based on industry experience or publications beyond your PhD)
Effective verbal and written communication for technical and non-technical audiences
Additional Information

Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.",3.5,"Wish
3.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
288,Senior Data Analyst,-1,"Please do not apply through Glassdoor; the application form needs to be completed in order to be considered. TO APPLY, VISIT: https://grnh.se/eb8d01633us.

About Us: At Emendata, we help bridge the gap between data and the real world. We partner with organizations that have a social mission and help them tackle their problems using analytics. Our role in these partnerships goes end to end—we handle everything from wrangling the data to analyzing the problem to turning the results into something actionable. Importantly, we understand that this analytics pipeline does not live in a vacuum. Getting to meaningful numbers requires more than just the right methods; it calls for understanding the people, policies, data, and systems involved. With this approach, our small but fast-growing team is having a big impact, taking on challenges like using analytics to combat fraud, waste, and abuse in Medicare.
About the Role: This role leads the way in producing analytics that reflect a deep level of understanding and a high degree of quality. We are looking for you to:
Take analyses from end to end: Understand the client’s problem, identify the right research question, plan the methodology, corral the data, code the analysis, interpret the results, craft the deliverable, and communicate the story
Apply a research mentality: Use all tools at our disposal (documentation, policy regulations, data investigations, etc.) to make sound analytic decisions
Help the team deliver its best work: Turn direction from clients/senior staff into tactical plans and work closely with data analysts to help them implement (conducting code reviews, teaching/reinforcing analytic strategies, etc.)
This role will be a good fit for people who naturally push towards progress and are undeterred when that requires a lot of effort or stepping into unfamiliar territory. Emendata is growing rapidly, and we are looking for people who are excited to march forward together.
Qualifications: If you do not meet all the criteria below but still think you would be a good fit for this role, please apply so we can see if we can find the right spot for you on the team. We value experience but also welcome aptitude and enthusiasm.
Education: Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent technical training
Programming: Experience with SAS is a must (comfortable with SAS macro language, advanced DATA step techniques such as hashes, and PROC SQL); experience with Python, Stata, R, or SQL is a plus
Technical Mentorship: Demonstrated experience with reviewing code and providing feedback
Data Management: Comfortable with the process of importing, cleaning, and preparing data for analysis in a reproducible way
Analysis: Exceptional problem-solving skills with a good understanding of statistical/social science research methods; 4+ years hands-on experience in an analytics role (e.g., economic consulting)
Working Style: Intellectually curious (keep pulling on threads until finding an answer), enterprising (eager to tackle the unknown and find a way to make things happen), and collaborative (work with others to explore, build, tear down, and build again)
To be considered for this position, applicants must have the ability to work in the U.S. without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
About the Interview Process: We want both sides to learn what it would be like to work together. Part way through the interview process, we incorporate a lightweight at-home exercise that serves as the basis for a technical interview. The exercise gives us an outlet to show you what kind of problems this role would tackle and offers you an opportunity to show us how you would approach the work.",-1,Emendata,"Burlingame, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
289,Tableau Developer & Data Analyst,-1,"We're hiring!

Leaf Group is looking for an experienced Tableau Developer & Data Analyst for Saatchi Art to join our Business Intelligence (BI) team in Santa Monica, CA.

Saatchi Art is the world's leading online art gallery, established with the goal of helping people all over the world connect with art and artists they love. We offer an unparalleled selection of paintings, drawings, sculpture, and photography in a wide range of prices, and provide artists worldwide with an expertly curated environment in which to exhibit and sell their work. Based in Los Angeles, Saatchi Art is redefining the experience of buying and selling art, making it welcoming and accessible for artists and collectors alike.

Leaf Group is a house of digital brands, creating and cultivating digital-first companies in growing lifestyle categories, including Fitness & Wellness, Art & Design and Publishing. Our media and marketplace brands are authentic and authoritative, reaching a large and growing passionate, creative audience.

We work in a fun, collaborative environment that is diverse, adventurous, and open-minded. We look for proactive, accountable people focused on continuous learning and growth to push themselves and our businesses forward. Check us out here: https://www.leafgroup.com/brands/

A big vision calls for a big job. As we grow, our need for a Tableau Developer & Data Analyst grows with us.

You'll Report To: Sr. Director, Business Intelligence

A typical day as a Tableau Developer & Data Analyst might include:
Create complex SQL queries and perform ad-hoc and exploratory data analysis.
Provide data-driven insights to enable decision-making.
Create data visualizations using Tableau
Work with the business units to establish KPIs and methodology, and then create the appropriate reports and analysis.
Develop, own, and present dashboards to Senior Management that provide actionable insights.
Investigate data anomalies and perform Root Cause Analysis (RCA).
Audit peer reports and provide constructive feedback.
You'll be successful if you are a motivated Data Analyst with strong SQL/Tableau skills and are looking to join an energetic, fast-paced, project-driven BI team.

What You Have:
BA in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or Mathematics or equivalent experience.
3+ years practical experience in SQL query scripting, debugging, and execution.
2+ years of experience building Tableau dashboards.
1+ years of experience working in a data-intensive organization with large-scale datasets.
Excel proficiency is required.
Previous eCommerce experience is a plus.
Proficiency in Python or other scripting language is a plus.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Not afraid to wear multiple hats - no job being too small or too large.
We're casual and informal but we work hard and work responsibly. Personal accountability goes a long way. We believe we are the change.
What We Have:
eHow is the 2019 & 2020 People's Choice and official Webby Winner for Social Video/How To-DIY
Well+Good is the 2019 People's Choice winner of the Webby's Award for Best Lifestyle Brand
Leaf Group is among TalentDesk's 2019 Best Companies To Work For
Leaf Group is among the 2019 Built In LA Best Companies To Work For
Leaf Group is among Comparably's 2018 Best Companies in Los Angeles
Well+Good is the 2018 winner of Fast Company's Most Innovative Company Award
MyPlate is the 2018 winner of the Webby Award for Best Design
Winner of the 2017 Best Company for Diversity award Comparably
Competitive compensation and benefits packages (i.e., Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA, 401K)
Discounted gym memberships
Paid-to-play vacation rewards
Discretionary unlimited vacation time
Employee discounts for Saatchi Art, Society6, and Deny Designs
Leaf Group, Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for all job openings are welcome and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or any other basis protected by state, federal, or local law. It is the intent of the Company to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local legislation concerning equal opportunity in employment.

Agency Disclosure:

If the Leaf Group Talent Acquisition department, or any current company employee, receives an unsolicited resume from a third party recruiting agency and Leaf Group does not have a signed Agency Agreement active, Leaf Group will not be deemed liable to pay a placement fee. The unsolicited resume will be considered a gift and can be considered for our recruitment efforts.",4.3,"Leaf Group
4.3",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
290,"Associate Director, Oncology R&D – Clinical Scientist","$51-$89 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join a Legacy of Innovation 110 Years and Counting!

Daiichi Sankyo Group is dedicated to the creation and supply of innovative pharmaceutical therapies to improve standards of care and address diversified, unmet medical needs of people globally by leveraging our world-class science and technology. With more than 100 years of scientific expertise and a presence in more than 20 countries, Daiichi Sankyo and its 15,000 employees around the world draw upon a rich legacy of innovation and a robust pipeline of promising new medicines to help people. In addition to a strong portfolio of medicines for cardiovascular diseases, under the Group’s 2025 Vision to become a “Global Pharma Innovator with Competitive Advantage in Oncology,” Daiichi Sankyo is primarily focused on providing novel therapies in oncology, as well as other research areas centered around rare diseases and immune disorders.

Job Summary:

Oversees typically a single non-pivotal trial (small size, standard complexity in design and geographic scope). Prepares clinical section of regulatory document. Collaborates as team member with AROs/CROs. Drafts development plans, protocol profiles, and sections of submission documents under guidance of higher level. Reviews and oversee completion of clinical trial protocols. Provides medical and/or scientific direction to Clinical Operations. Represents Clinical Development on Project Teams.

Responsibilities:

Study Strategy: Provides the strategic direction to Biostats Data Mgmt & Data Ops for EDC, edit checks, data quality listings, SAP, Data Mgmt plan; Reviews patient population and protocol compliance for consistency with study strategy; Develops biomarker strategy in collaboration with Translational Medicine/Clin Pharm; May act as Clinical study leader (CSL).

Study Planning and Execution: Provides input on major milestones of trial, clinical trial plan and contingency planning; Analyzes and updates management on potential risks to study deliverables; Provides input on ICF creation; Oversees recruitment and retention; establishes and implements contingency plans for shortfalls; Consults & recruits members for DSMB and/or adjudication committee setup.

Study outputs: Draft responses to IRBs and Health Authorities; Collaborates with Translational Medicine and Clinical Pharmacology to ensure appropriate biomarker, PK / PD measurements; Reviews emerging clinical data regularly; Leads dose-escalation meetings; Performs quality assessment with Delivery Lead e.g. review Tables/Listings/Graphs before database lock and quality check of data; Works with BD&O to ensure SAP update.

External collaboration: Consults with internal experts and external KOLs, Ad Boards for protocol development; Provides input on CRO / ARO Statement of Work and Budget; Establishes effective communication between CRO / vendors / ARO.

Additional non-study related activities: Occasional senior management interactions at FIHC, WDC; Initiates contact w/KOL and prepares material for KOL interactions on a program based need; Involvement with in-licensing and acquisitions on individual due diligence activities

Qualifications: Successful candidates will be able to meet the qualifications below with or without a reasonable accommodation.

Education/Experience:

Master’s degree; PharmD, PhD, or equivalent; Postgraduate training in TA or related specialty, or equivalent, desirable

4+ years with PharmD, PhD and relevant clinical experience
7+ years with Master’s degree and relevant clinical experience

Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.1,"Daiichi Sankyo, Inc.
3.1","Basking Ridge, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
291,Data Architect,"$93k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Architect

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ Funding is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses to release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our creative and timely approach to providing working capital, along with our comprehensive accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ Funding is looking for a skilled and progressive Data Architect to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross-functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Architect will support database architects and engineers, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives and will that ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.

Responsibilities for Data Architect
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and assist in the implementation of data-focused internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Engineering and Data teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing LSQ products into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
1-3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with structured as well as unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Below experience is preferred but not required:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.",4.4,"LSQ
4.4","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
292,LEAD COMPUTER SCIENTIST - LEAD ENGINEER - PRINCIPAL ENGINEER - SPACE AVIONICS,"$77k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


As a recognized leader in space systems, SwRI develops avionics, data storage, and on-orbit processing electronics enabling next generation missions throughout the solar system.


Objectives of this Role:

As part of SwRI’s Space Avionics Flight Software Team, you’re work will benefit humankind through enabling scientific discoveries, improved weather forecasting, in-orbit satellite servicing, and revolutionizing on-orbit processing.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Lead, design, develop, and verify mission, spacecraft and instrument flight software for a variety of space applications applying sound software engineering disciplines and practices.
Perform and direct all phases of the system lifecycle including proposal development, applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.
Perform software project management functions including project planning, cost and schedule development, progress tracking against plans, programmatic and technical reviews, etc.
Support related systems engineering activities and maintain relationships with other technical disciplines and project functional areas.
Interact and interface with clients including developing technical presentations. Travel to client and team organization facilities is required and varies by project.

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors with a 3.00 GPA in Software Engineering, Software Development, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related
At least 8 years of direct experience designing software for high reliability embedded systems. Experience in working with hardware preferred
Must be able to work independently and in project team environments
Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail
Must be an embedded systems software designer/developer, have experience with real time operating systems, and be familiar with the design of real-time systems. Proficiency in C/C++ for embedded systems, including algorithm and data structure design required
Experience with networking/socket programming and Python, as well as, familiarity with VxWorks, embedded Linux, RTEMS OS for embedded systems
Interest and/or experience in working with hardware and direct space flight design experience a plus
Excellent Communication Skills and the ability to thrive in a collaborative team environment
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas | Austin, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
293,Senior Data Analyst - CRM,"$54k-$99k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zeta Global CRM division provides email, database and interactive marketing services worldwide to clients, the company’s services include strategic campaign planning and optimization, test design, creative development (including rich media), campaign execution, web application development, research, and advanced analytics.

The Analytics team is currently seeking a Senior Analyst. As a Senior Analyst, you will use a variety of data sources and software tools such as SQL, Excel and internal tools to develop reports and insights based on specification provided by clients or client analytical leads.

Primary Job Responsibilities:
Work with digital marketing and CRM partners to understand clients’ requests, design proper metrics reports and dashboard.
Handle data gathering and analysis construction with a variety of data sources and tools.
Develop reports and customized analysis, data organizing and cleansing, and analysis and presentation
Create easy-to-understand data visualization, presentations and provide logical insights and actionable recommendations to clients.
Work with BI and technical team to prioritize and identify the opportunity to automate reports.
Streamline the reporting process; develop repeatable and scalable process and coding across multiple systems and platforms
Work with various businesses and technical teams to make sure the data presented are accurate and flawless.
Well document the standard reporting or analysis procedures and other necessary documents.
Job Requirements:
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in Computer Programming, Statistics, Marketing Analytics or related technical/quantitative field; Master degree a plus
Minimum 3 years of professional experience in an analytical role (prior experience in Agency/consulting or Email industry a plus), digital marketing, database marketing and web analytics a plus
Experience working in rational database, SQL coding, SAS or R or Python programming and extensive Excel skills
Experience working in BI tools, such as Tableau, Microstrategy, Jasper, etc.
Experience in development, presentation and/or deployment of predictive model and segmentation is strongly preferred; knowledge of Machine Learning approaches a plus
Experience working with 3rd party data providers such as Acxiom, IRI a plus
Able to take broad specifications or requests from client and ask the right “questions” to help fine tune the request to help deliver reporting needs. Be able to conduct data investigation when issue arises both independently and/or working with cross functional technical resources, if required, to solve problem
Good verbal and written communication skills; Attention to details, be able to identify data gaps/abnormality in output
Able to plan, organize, & work on multiple projects at once
#LI-MC1

About Zeta Global
Zeta Global is a data-powered marketing technology company with a heritage of innovation and industry leadership. Founded in 2007 by entrepreneur David A. Steinberg and John Sculley, former CEO of Apple Inc and Pepsi-Cola, the Company combines the industry’s 3rd largest proprietary data set (2.4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.

Our technology runs on the Zeta Marketing Platform, which powers ‘end to end’ marketing programs for some of the world’s leading brands. With expertise encompassing all digital marketing channels – Email, Display, Social, Search and Mobile – Zeta orchestrates acquisition and engagement programs that deliver results that are scalable, repeatable and sustainable.

Zeta Global is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, ancestry, color, religion, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, medical condition, disability, veterans status, or any other basis protected by law.

Zeta Global Recognized in Enterprise Marketing Software and Cross-Channel Campaign Management Reports by Independent Research Firm

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-opens-ai--data-labs-in-san-francisco-and-nyc-300945353.html

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zeta-global-recognized-in-enterprise-marketing-software-and-cross-channel-campaign-management-reports-by-independent-research-firm-300938241.html",3.3,"Zeta Global
3.3","Burlington, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
294,Medical Laboratory Scientist,"$19-$27 Per Hour
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview
Conducts wide variety of laboratory tests for diagnosis of disease and wellness.

Qualifications
Education and/or Other Requirements
One of the following active certifications is required:

American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) Board Certification as a Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) or Medical Technologist (MT);
American Medical Technologists (AMT) Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT);
Meet grandfather requirements under (Clinical Laboratory Improvements Amendments) CLIA '88.
New graduates will have 6 months to obtain certification.
Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.
Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology.
The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer).
The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Ability to watch gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine is working properly.
Environmental Factors
Frequent to continuous exposure to unpleasant/irritating substances. Exposure to hazardous and/or potentially injurious elements or conditions is considerable.
Physical Demands
The physical demands described are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Must be able to work any shift and/or weekend.
The employee will frequently be required to lift, push or pull weight of at least 5 to 60 lbs.
Ability to attend to visual details.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to walk, stand, bend, and reach (70 to 100%).
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to move through and between nursing units to perform phlebotomy and Blood Bank duties.
Ability to communicate orally and in writing.
Ability to receive and comprehend written and oral communications.
Mental Demands

Absolute integrity in the accurate performance and reporting of results.
Exercise discretion, good independent judgment, and reasoning ability.
Ability to work under stress caused by turn-around times.
Analyze information or data.
Plan sequence of operations or actions.
Make decisions of moderate to substantial
Note
Reasonable accommodations may be made to assist an otherwise qualified individual in the performance of the job. In order to meet the needs of the Company employees may be assigned other duties, in addition to or in lieu of those described above.

Responsibilities

Conducts tests according to standards. Maintains up-to-date knowledge of laboratory procedures in assigned areas, which may include:
Chemistry
Microbiology/Serology/Molecular lab
Blood Bank
Hematology
Prepares samples for analysis; performs prescribed procedures; reports accurate test results.
Organizes and prioritizes workload; meets turn-around time.
After orientation, operates, calibrates, conducts performance checks, and maintains clinical laboratory instruments and equipment.
Conducts established quality control procedures on analytical tests, equipment, reagent, media and products; evaluates results; implements corrective action when indicated.
Communicates and interacts with fellow employees; refers problems to appropriate personnel; keeps supervisor informed of unusual data or results.
Participates in continuing education as required.
Ability to troubleshoot instrumentation and make minor repairs.
Ability to monitor quality control and patient results to identify trends, shifts and changes that my affect patient results.
Performs other duties as assigned or volunteers.",3.4,"Memorial Health
3.4","Decatur, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1897,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
295,Principal Data Scientist,"$71k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:


Fidelity is asking the question: How much AI can be applied to practically improve investors decision support process? Fidelity is looking for an experienced data scientist to advance the research and development of AI/ML methods as components in the delivery of innovative investment management technology solutions. This role will design and implement portfolio risk and optimization techniques to deliver industry differentiated capabilities.

The ideal candidate will have experience combining multi-variate statistical modeling, machine learning and open-source approaches to Cloud computing and Big Data into practical investment capabilities. We desire candidates with proven track records in the design and implementation of deep learning and/or portfolio optimization methods. Experience/interest in high performance computing, including quantum computing will be a plus.

This position will be based in Boston, MA.


The Team

The Advanced Technology for Investment Management (ATIM) is an innovation team within Fidelity. ATIM makes pivotal investments in building break-through technologies as practical and innovative investment capabilities. The goal is to continually strengthen investment decision support, build portfolio construction insights and support personalized investment goals. The team works within an innovation ecosystem that includes partners from investment, client relations, technology and centralized R&D units. Fidelitys ATIM seeks cross-domain authorities with backgrounds that connect investment management, machine learning and technology implementation. We cultivate success through a rigorous, collaborative approach that builds, tests, and iterates as we learn and seek challenging processes and problems in investment management.

The Expertise You Have
PhD in Computer Science, Applied Math, Statistics, Physics, Data Science or related field
Interest in financial markets, products, and investment processes.
Prior experience in building simulation models, predictive models or optimization solutions which delivered business value.
Expertise in model evaluation and computation performance tuning on production environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills, effective in interacting with both technical and non-technical professionals.
Embrace agile methodology and pay meticulous attention to detail
Unquestioned integrity
The Skills You Bring


Required:
Proven and deep expertise in applying deep learning, generative modeling and advanced AI techniques to tackle business problems
Proven passion for the financial markets, products, and investment process (including: Fixed Income Analytics, Asset Pricing Models and Multi-Factor Risk Models)
Good applied knowledge with statistical models, predictive models and time series analysis (such as regression, classification, simulation, dimension reduction techniques)
Good applied knowledge of mathematical algorithms of solving common optimization problems (including: linear/nonlinear/integer programming)
Proven success building computing algorithms with Java, Scala, Python or R with GPUs and/or map-reduce framework
Strong data exploration and analysis skills using advanced SQL
Desire to work with interactive web tools and quick prototyping with visualization
Preferred:

Experience with crafting proprietary machine learning processes to model dynamic dependencies and causalities
Knowledge with quantum computing, applying existing quantum computing libraries and quantum circuit design
The Value You Deliver
Advancing the research and development of AI/ML methods as components in the delivery of innovative investment management technology solutions
Designing and implementing portfolio risk and optimization techniques to deliver industry differentiated capabilities
Effective partnering across Fidelitys technology, AI Center of Excellence and investment teams
Certifications:
Category:
Business Analytics and Insights

Company Overview


At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer.",4.0,"Fidelity Investments
4.0","Boston, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1946,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
296,Data Engineer,"$93k-$165k
(Glassdoor Est.)","sdg is a high performance software community. sdg consultants build and deliver custom software for some of the largest and most recognizable local and national brands. In this role you will be asked to leverage your current skills and learn new ones. Working in over 200 different technologies and continually learning together, you can expect a one-of-a-kind and award winning work experience.
If you have proven experience in a handful of the following, we want to hear from you:
Git / SVN / TFS / VSTS
Jenkins / Travis / Bamboo / Go
Vagrant / Packer / Terraform
GitHub / Bamboo / GitLabs
Chef / Puppet / Ansible / SaltStack
Docker / Docker Swarm
Kubernetes / OpenShift
Power-Shell / Bash
AWS / Azure / GCP / OpenStack
Cloud Formation / Code Deploy
Spring Boot / Tomcat / WebLogic / JBoss
ELK Stack / Splunk
AMQP / RabbitMQ / Active MQ
New Relic / Dynatrace / AppDynamics / Sensu
JIRA / Rally / VersionOne
VMware / VirtualBox
F5 / Citrix / NGINX /Amazon ELB
Pipeline Design & Management
Application Lifecycle Management
Leading Cultural Change
Bonus experience:
Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experience
Success working on high performance teams
Delivered solutions in large scale enterprise environments
Prior consulting or professional services experience
Motivated to continually improve your craft, sharing and learning every day
Exceptional integrity with the desire to create the best possible customer outcomes
What's in it for you?
Full-time salaried position with sdg, a 10-time Best Place to Work
Engaged teammates who care about quality solutions
Challenging and rewarding work with great customers
Abundant opportunities to give back to the community
A company proven to make decisions based on its core values
A true stake in success. sdg is an ESOP, 100% employee owned
Year-round technology & social events to stay sharp and have fun
Membership in the best technology community in the Twin Cities",4.9,"Solution Design Group
4.9","Golden Valley, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
297,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"At Sisu, we're building a software platform that empowers people to make better decisions using data. Based on years of cutting-edge research at Stanford, Sisu enables users to quickly and comprehensively understand what’s driving their key metrics, so they never miss a window of opportunity to act.

Sisu leverages the massive amounts of data available within private, first-party data warehouses, which capture a real-time, structured view of organizational behavior. By monitoring the performance of key metrics like revenue, retention, and churn, and their relationships to interactions between key factors like user demographics, campaigns, and acquisition channels, we can help users make better decisions. The key problem Sisu solves is to help identify what’s driving change among this enormous feature and hypothesis space. To do so, we combine statistical analysis and machine learning at scale to provide users personalized, real-time diagnoses of changes in their metrics via an explainable, interpretable user interface.

As a machine learning engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to shape the future of machine learning on massive, structured data. Much like public search engines rely on sophisticated models for ranking and relevance over unstructured text, machine learning is integral to Sisu’s value proposition of ranking and highlighting key drivers behind metrics derived from structured data. These results inform our users on how to take action as their businesses are changing.

You will be responsible for investigating and developing state-of-the-art algorithms in Sisu’s large-scale streaming structured data context. ML engineers at Sisu deliver their features end-to-end, from Jupyter notebook prototypes to production in Rust.
Responsibilities
Deliver state-of-the-art, scalable algorithms to production for forecasting time series, personalized ranking, robust statistical analysis of key customer business metrics
Build and maintain the infrastructure for data and model management
Work closely with the Sisu design and engineering teams for ML-adjacent components, such as viz and data processing
Give talks, write blog posts, and produce peer-reviewed publications
Preferred Qualifications
Either 4+ years of professional experience with ML or quantitative analysis, or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or Physics
Proficiency with Python and experience with data processing tools (e.g., scipy, numpy, pandas, Pytorch, and Spark)
Competency with forecasting deadlines, modular design, testing, code review, and working with new codebases
Strong technical communication skills
Please note that this is a full-time, non-remote role based in San Francisco.

Sisu is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.",4.0,"Sisu Data
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
298,Senior Data Scientist,"$129k-$204k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a Data Scientist who will be responsible for shaping our company’s data strategy innovating the $85B digital and linear television advertising market. You are passionate about all things data and tech, and have extensive knowledge of the digital space. You are accomplished in the areas of creating new analysis and deriving business-changing insights and you are ready to support the strategic objectives of a highly cross-functional organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Your work will have an outsized impact on tools we’re building, forecasting, planning, allocation, and audience behavior prediction
Work with Pb-scale data sets representing the total US video and TV audiences
You will build new, and support scaling out existing models in support of audience segmentation
You will be working with the data-engineering team to product ML pipelines and coordinating data models with other engineering teams
Building Data Models and managing machine learning pipelines
QUALIFICATIONS:
Managing ML pipelines with tools such as Python, Julia, and Apache Spark
SQL fluency and an understanding of relational data models
Comfortable in the Linux environment
A master of all trades mentality and an ability to embrace new challenges regularly
Eager and energized to work with some of the latest open source technologies
Able to work on-site in Los Angeles, CA
PhD in Data Science, Physics, Mathematics or other scientific field
PERKS:
Unlimited paid time off each year
Annual vacation stipend
Onsite gym, fitness classes and personal trainer
Casual dress code
Kitchen stocked with healthy snack snacks
Health, dental and vision benefits
Parental leave
Epic growth
ABOUT

At VideoAmp, we believe in challenging advertising paradigms to maximize value for clients. We do this by enabling companies to execute on business outcomes across their media investment instead of more traditional media metrics. VideoAmp is the software and data solutions company powering the convergence of the linear TV and digital video advertising. Our solutions connect linear TV viewership with addressable data assets to benefit the marketing and media industries. This enable marketers and content owners to holistically plan, transact, and measure deduplicated audiences across digital video, OTT, connected and linear TV advertising.

Come and join us!",3.5,"VideoAmp
3.5","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
299,Product and Data Analyst,"$46k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Canal Insurance

Canal Insurance Company specializes in insurance for commercial trucking and specialty transportation operations. Canal was founded in 1939 and is located in Greenville, South Carolina. At Canal, we recognize that our success would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of our employees. We know that happiness and productivity go hand in hand, and to that end, we consciously cultivate a culture that enables us to recruit and retain the very best talent in the business.

Product& Data Analyst:

** Must be willing to relocate to Greenville, South Carolina **

The Product and Data Analyst position is responsible for providing analytical support to Product Managers within a designated region, group of states, or function and for maintaining regularly generated reports, answering ad hoc data questions and distributing these results to all levels of management. The analyst will also support the companies modeling efforts by monitoring the results of models as well as refreshing existing models.

Major Accountabilities:
Complete recommendations for pricing adequacy and participate in strategies that consider multiple business dimensions for profit, growth and expense for specific states and regions.
Accurately and concisely communicate findings of analysis. Proactively solicit input from business leaders on rate plans and progress.
Monitor incoming business and communicate results to product managers, business units and marketing staff.
Query data from multiple sources, check for completeness and accuracy, and produce regularly scheduled as well as ad hoc reports.
Collaborate with IT in the research and solution of data issues within source systems and downstream applications.
Monitor existing models to see that they continue to be effective, or to suggest improvements.
Refresh and reparametrize existing predictive models.
Perform other duties as assigned by Management.
Qualifications

Education/Training Requirements: Bachelor’s degree required with a concentration in Business, Finance, Economics, Mathematics or Computer Science preferred.

Experience/Specialized Skills: Minimum three years of experience analyzing data identification of data anomalies required. Basic technical knowledge and intermediate operational knowledge in underwriting preferred. Intermediate knowledge of database functionality required. Advanced querying skills (PowerPivot, SQL, R, or SAS) preferred. At least three years of experience analyzing data with a critical eye towards reasonability and identification of data anomalies. Prior experience developing or using results from regression models or decision trees is strongly preferred. Insurance industry experience preferred, but not required. Advanced computer skills (word processing, spreadsheets, databases, Internet, e-mail) required.

Special Considerations

Physical Requirements: Constant use of vision, hearing, and communication (oral and written in person and via telephone). Frequent concentration, standing, walking, handling, reaching, and grasping. Occasional bending, kneeling and lifting (up to 25 lbs.). Heavy use of computer and office equipment.

Additional Requirements: Occasional travel may be required. Periodic work outside of standard business hours or on weekends may be required.",3.8,"Canal Insurance
3.8","Greenville, SC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1939,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
