,Job Title,Salary Range,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer Northern, VA

Machine Learning Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Machine Learning (ML) Engineers to produce automated anomaly/object detection and characterization, forecasting, optimization, and recommendation solutions to national security challenges using modular, cloud-native, API-centric approaches. These solutions will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on incorporating machine learning insights to automate and scale analysis and improve decision support. Teams will be working in a highly collaborative environment and expected to identify opportunities to apply and improve data-driven insights and support related design and development within big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Engage with mission owners/operators to discover applications for ML, set project expectations, define requirements, and review results
Design and develop reusable workflows for data integration, transformation, and feature engineering required to train models
Train and validate models, often in big data, distributed environments
Perform exploratory data analysis to understand data and model-derived insights
Perform model introspection to understand model behaviors and explain predictions
Visualize data and model-derived insights to communicate internally and externally
Integrate models into operational systems
Lead trade studies, analyses of alternatives, and assessments of existing systems
Develops or provides input to engineering artifacts
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 5 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Ability to describe the data assumptions and processing steps of common machine learning methods, and which methods are appropriate for a variety of use cases
Expertise with ML libraries, like Scikit-learn, Pandas, Numpy, PySpark, MXNet, MLib, and Weka
Experience with ML platforms, like KNIME, Spark, SageMaker, H2O, and TensorFlow
Familiarity with Java, Python, and SQL including related ecosystems and frameworks, like Eclipse and Jupyter Notebook
Familiarity with visualization tools, preferably Qlik, Tableau, Plotly, Kibana, Matplotlib, and QGis
Strong problem-solving skills
Strong written and oral communications skills
Able to work independently and self-identify tasks
Ability to review and maintain existing code and applications
Ability to research and evaluate new concepts and processes to improve performance
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with time series forecasting
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Machine Learning Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
1,Senior Machine Learning Engineer,"$123k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Entefy’s Senior Machine Learning Engineer is a highly visible position internally and externally. This is where your deep experience and great insights intersect with an amazing opportunity to shape the future of communication and digital interaction.

Skills and Experience:
We’re not looking for “good;” Entefy is on a mission for best. The success of this mission depends on its team members to be creatively analytical, insatiably curious, and absolutely fearless in tackling big challenges.
Requirements
5+ years of experience in Machine Learning tools and algorithms specially in unstructured data classification and clustering
Proficient knowledge of and experience with AI systems
Demonstrable expertise in multiple programming languages such as Python, C++, Java, etc.
Masters or PhD in Computer Science in Machine Learning or related field preferred
Proficiency in Machine Learning open source tools
Proficiency in Machine Translation
Proficiency in Social Text Mining
Proficiency in SQL and non-SQL databases
Proficiency in Data Visualization tools
Visit www.entefy.com and www.blog.entefy.com",4.3,"Entefy
4.3","Palo Alto, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
2,"Senior Data Scientist, Zoro",-1,"Company Summary:
Zoro.com is an eCommerce company that sells business supplies, equipment, and tools—but we’re much more than just a website. We’re a team of people who win and lose together (we prefer winning!). Since 2011, Zoro has been working hard to make it easy for our customers to purchase everything they need to make their businesses go. Zoro currently offers 3 million products, fast and free shipping, no-hassle returns, and exceptional customer service. We’ve grown quickly in a short time, recently surpassing 400 team members and reaching annual revenue of over $500 million. Add to that our award-winning culture—we were named a Great Place to Work for 2019-20, among other accolades—and we think Zoro is a pretty amazing place to work and grow.

Primary Function:
Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of Zoro’s customer, product, eCommerce, and pricing plans. The Data Science team covers a broad scope of projects including customer segmentation, A/B testing, marketing investment optimization, predictive modeling, promotion forecasting, and pricing analysis. We are closely integrated with our business leaders and support their ability to make critical decisions. At Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Lead data science projects from beginning to end: develop and refine the idea, create a project plan and methodology, collaborate with business partners, execute, and provide recommendations for the company
Collaborate with other data scientists to develop and implement algorithms, write code, evaluate relevant academic research, and deliver outputs
Advise the company about tools, data sources, and best practices to facilitate digital marketing, pricing, and web analytics
Build predictive and inference models using Python and R to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, or channel investment optimization
Document code and data science processes that are critical to the company, and develop strategies to ensure those processes are robust and fault-tolerant
Communicate findings to business leaders and colleagues using data visualizations, presentations, and written means

Qualifications:

Experience leading data science projects that have a direct impact on company objectives
Demonstrated ability to assist business decision-making through data mining and machine learning
Strong communication skills to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions
5+ years’ progressive business experience in areas including marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, or statistical modeling. Experience using data science or advanced analytics in an Internet retailer or a top-tier consumer-focused company is required
Ability to translate complex business problems into project plans and solve them by analyzing large amounts of data
Familiarity with Python or R for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining
Demonstrated proficiency in SQL and cloud-hosted data platforms (Google Cloud Platform, AWS, etc)
Familiarity with BI tools such as Tableau or Looker, and ability to communicate results to business partners
Master’s degree preferred in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, or Economics
Knowledge of web tracking technology and web analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, etc.) a definite plus

Final note: We share a commitment to our Zoro values – Win & Lose Together (We prefer winning!), Take Ownership, We Are Transparent, and Aspire to be Customer-Obsessed. Everything we do at Zoro is centered around delighting our customers. It's a natural extension of our company culture and how we care for each other. We believe when we act in ways that are consistent with these values, we can solve any technical challenge that lies ahead of us. As a Zoro employee, you can expect to work with smart, energetic people, learn something every day, and be valued for your perspective.

Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.",2.0,"Zoro Tools
2.0","Chicago, IL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
3,Principal Systems Engineer,-1,"About:
Would you like to be part of the new space movement? Are you a rock star engineer? Do you have the leadership gene? Raytheon Intelligence and Space is the place for you. In the last few years you might have seen in your social media feed amazingly beautiful images of the Earth from space in exquisite detail. Or perhaps images in the news forecasting the weather and reporting on natural disasters. Maybe youve even gazed at images from deep space wondering when humans will journey to the farthest reaches of the universe. Behind many of these amazing images are the technologies and innovations created by the engineers at Raytheon Intelligence and Space. Situated in sunny Southern California, a location rich in aerospace history, we have unparalleled heritage in advanced sensing systems for space exploration, national security and civil space. We are actively seeking engineers to help evolve our technology and grow our business into new domains and markets. Are you up to the challenge? Were looking for you.

Job Description:
The RF Algorithm Engineer provides the full range of systems design and analysis-related activities in support of SAS RF programs. These activities include:
Development of mathematical algorithms for RF signal processing and calibration
Modeling and simulation of sensor physics and phenomenology to predict performance
Development of system and/or subsystem requirements
Data analysis of hardware under test or in operations
Design and development of RF waveforms
Creating technical presentations to both internal and external customers
Participating in customer and/or program technical reviews
Technical team leadership participating in technical peer reviews throughout the product lifecycle of design, development, integration and test, and requirements verification
Required Skills:
Minimum 8 years of relevant experience in systems engineering and/or algorithm development
Knowledge and experience of basic RF operations: Filtering, Pulse Compression, Calibration, and/or Antenna Array processing
Knowledge of RF signal processing techniques, experience developing advanced mathematical algorithms, analytic techniques and computer simulations
Able to effectively multi-task and prioritize actions
Proficient in Matlab, C++, Python, or related programming languages
Strong written and oral communication skills
U.S. Citizenship and ability to access to US only data systems
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position requires an active U.S. Security Clearance as of Day 1 of Employment
Active DoD Secret Clearance
Desired Skills:
Experience in RF design, development, integration and test (system verification)
Experience in hardware and/or software development of embedded, real-time systems
Experience in digital pre-distortion, advanced coding and modulation, and channel equalization schemes/techniques
Experience in space-time adaptive processing
Experience in system requirements development
Experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, deep learning, convolutional neural networks
Technical publications and/or patents
Education:
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Physics, Math, or related STEM discipline; advanced degrees preferred

#SESpaceElSegundo
#IdeasInOrbit
SESpaceElSegundo
IdeasInOrbit
#Space2020 163222

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","El Segundo, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
4,Sr. Data Engineer - Cloud Services,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out the Data and Analytics Practice. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Cloud Consultant:

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience building and maintaining cloud-native data lakes
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Familiarity with open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, Keras, or TensorFlow.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Understanding of relational database internals
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
5,"Senior Software Engineer, EvalML","$74k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx

Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company?

At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way. We want Alteryx to be recognized as much for our dynamic work culture as for our products.

About Alteryx Innovation Labs

The Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve dynamic problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we’re looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.

Position Overview

As a Senior Software Engineer on the AutoML team, you’ll be directly responsible for building a core machine learning library which powers Alteryx’s current and future products. You should be comfortable with the challenges of engineering systems for machine learning technologies, adept at software design and implementation, and readily able to solve complex challenges with mathematical dependencies.

Responsibilities
Maintain and improve the quality and performance of the AutomML package
Design, build and validate new machine learning pipelines
Author new features, from conception and design to implementation and testing
Integrate AutoML with other products and services
Promote a culture of rigorous software development practice and high quality standards
Be part of a dynamic, friendly and ambitious team with technical influence throughout Alteryx and beyond
***The company will not provide sponsorship for work visas or other employment authorization for this position***

Required Qualifications
Minimum 3 years experience as a software engineer
Experience writing production-quality code in Python
Experience with a broad variety of machine learning algorithms
Understanding of the math which powers machine learning and data analysis in general
Experience with data-related Python tools like NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, and Dask
Experience with debugging complex software issues and mathematical systems
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with AutoML algorithms and products
Experience with performance testing machine learning systems
Experience with API design
Experience building systems for distributed computation
Benefits & Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
6,(Sr.) Data Scientist -,-1,"Thursday, June 11, 2020

Merrick Bank is a top-25 credit card issuer and merchant acquirer in the VISA/MasterCard networks, and a major recreational vehicle lender.
The Bank is a Utah Financial Institution and a member of the FDIC.

At Merrick Bank, we specialize in credit programs that assist people looking to build or rebuild their credit. We are FDIC insured and recognized as a top-20 issuer of Visa® cards. In total, we proudly serve over 2.4 million cardholders and have extended over $5.3 billion in credit.

Our Mission is to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers, our employees, and our community. We work hard to create a work environment that empowers our associates to grow, learn, and reach their potential.

This position is a member (or, a senior member, depending upon qualifications) of the Data Science and Modeling team, and will support and work with other members of the team to produce the models, reports, and analysis as required for the bank. Data science, machine learning and statistical programming are the core competencies of the position, but in addition, the applicant should work well with others, have a desire to learn, be self-motivated, and have excellent communication and presentation skills.

REQUIRED SKILLS, ABILITIES, KNOWLEDGE, AND EXPERIENCE:
Master's degree in a relevant quantitative field, or a bachelor’s degree with a significant amount of relevant work experience.
Firm knowledge of statistical theory, data science, or machine learning algorithms is a requirement.
Expertise with R or Python is required.
Experience with any of the following computer languages is also desirable: CUDA, FORTRAN or C/C++, SAS, SQL, Unix shell scripting, or LaTeX.
Experience with HPC (High Performance Computing), or Parallel Computing would be a plus. Experience with SLURM would be outstanding.
Experience in the banking industry, specifically in credit cards, is not necessary, but would be desirable.


PRIMARY DUTIES:
Statistical programming, model development and implementation.
Communicating results, both verbally and in writing.
Work both individually and in a collaborative manner with a team.
Designing, validating, and improving data driven decision making processes and strategies.
Building key metrics and modeling reports for communication with executives.
Compliant with Laws & Regulations.

What’s in it for you:

Competitive salary (DOE)

Benefits package -Medical, Dental and Vision (plus much more)

401(k) Plan with Company Match

Short & Long Term Disability

Group Life and AD&D Insurance

Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days

Employee Events, including Employee Appreciation Day, Holiday Party, etc.

Tuition Reimbursement Program
Candidates must have unrestricted authority to work in the
United States without sponsorship.

Merrick Bank is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability,
veteran status, and other legally protected characteristic. The EEO is the
Law poster is available here: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm

Please go to our website www.merrickbank.com to apply and learn more about our company

We are an equal opportunity employer. Merrick Bank will do a thorough background check for all hires. This includes a review of your personal credit history, drug testing, background check, and employment/personal references. A good credit history is important.

Other details
Job Family
Account Acquisition & Data Science
Pay Type
Salary",3.5,"Merrick Bank
3.5",Utah,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
7,Biological Data Scientist,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311168

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to execute on existing projects as well as lead in the development of new research proposals. Expertise in statistics, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects participation in publishing, project leadership, and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 5 years of experience, MS/MA with 3 years of experience, or PhD with 1 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ MS/MA or PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-04_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-14_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
8,Data Scientist,-1,"About Us

Mindoula is a next-generation behavioral health management company that delivers tech-enabled, team-based 24/7/365 behavioral health support across the continuum of care. We are building the best population health management and analytics platform by using the latest technologies in big data and data science. Also, we are developing a comprehensive platform to address the needs of pre and post hospital care for large populations.

We are currently seeking to fill in multiple roles in technology and data to help build great technology helping Mindoula to grow faster.

About You

We are looking for a talented data scientist who has a great passion for solving business problems by providing data insights through data modeling and analysis. You will work with senior leadership and data/technology teams to understand and solve complex business problems by developing data models and various techniques to analyze the health populations.

Responsibilities:
Derive insights from data analysis and modeling using multiple datasets, derived from the company platform, data provided by our customers etc.
Develop a comprehensive profile of the patient/member using the data available.
Apply statistical techniques to understand health data and analyze outcomes.
Apply data science algorithms and techniques to understand the member profile and prepare the data such that these insights help the care management team in addressing needs of our customers and members.
Be part of the data team, collaborate with product and engineering teams in developing the data required to support the functionality and new features of our platforms.
Must be self-driven and a quick learner.
Requires strong problem-solving, analytical and communication skills.
Healthcare data experience (claims, groupers) is a plus.
Technologies:
Data science: Analysis/Machine learning/AI algorithms and modeling.
Data Platforms: Spark, Python/Scala.
Strong SQL experience.
Databases: Postgres, Microsoft SQL Server
Hosting: Microsoft Azure
Tools: Github, CircleCI, CodeClimate
Requirements:
Minimum 3 years of experience in position
Healthcare experience with managing claims data
Compensation:
Competitive salary.
Generous benefits
This position is open to both as an employee or as a contractor/consultant.",3.8,"Mindoula Health Inc
3.8",Maryland,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
9,Machine Learning Services Engineer (MLE),"$104k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","· 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
· Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
· 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
· Masters degree or equivalent work experience in Machine Learning.
· Solid communication skills and ability to work well in a team are critical.
· Advance the design and architecture of our existing systems to make them more maintainable, easy to use, and operationally sound
· Ability to work in a fast paced and agile development environment.
· Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History

Amazon is looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive ML Engineers (Software Development Engineers with a strong ML background) to help invent new machine learning-powered features for Amazon QuickSight. We want to work with you to revolutionize the way people manage, visualize and interact with large amounts of data.
Amazon QuickSight is revolutionizing Business Intelligence by empowering anyone to use the power of machine learning and Amazon AI to enhance their understanding of data. QuickSight can already help discover hidden insights using Anomaly Detection, enable ML-powered forecasting, and use automatic text generation generate business narratives directly from the data. But we're not stopping here, we remain with helping our customers harness the power of artificial intelligence to help them understand and visualize their data.
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age

· Masters or PhD in Computer Science or Engineering with 2+ years of relevant software services development
· Experience and interest in databases, structured records, distributed systems, and Machine Learning on in a structured data context.
· Leadership experience in a team delivering remarkable user experiences in industry leading products
· Work experience delivering one or more version one products",3.9,"Amazon.com Services LLC
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
10,"Data Scientist, Customer Experience","$79k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.


CFA Institute is the world’s largest association of investment management professionals. As a global, independent organization, with a community of more than 175,000 members and 150+ member societies, we lead the investment profession by promoting the highest standards of ethics, education, and professional excellence for the ultimate benefit of society.

At CFA Institute, we care about our employees’ mental, physical, social, and financial well-being. That’s why we are committed to providing a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that offers flexibility to make choices that meet their needs:
Health & Well-being benefits that are amongst the best in the industry with full comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision for employees and their family members
Comprehensive Leave and Time Off plans
A focus on Financial Well-being means that we stack our retirement benefits against the most competitive standards.
Flexible work arrangements
Wellness, Education, and Employee Assistance Benefits
Job Description Summary:

The Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience will analyze customer data to deliver actionable insights to the organization that will improve our customers’ experience with CFA Institute. This role will play a critical role in establishing the measurement frameworks, reports, and data requirements for an effective voice of customer program that enables the organization to make customer-centric decisions.

Job Description:

As a Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience you will have the opportunity to:
Extract insights via analysis, disseminate actionable client insights within our team and across the business for awareness/education and to drive action
Develop customer analytics reports and regularly distribute reports to applicable parties
Run correlation and regression analyses against other data sets to derive deeper understanding of customer feedback and business implications
Report on themes, trends, and insights across disparate data sources to provide a comprehensive view of customers’ perceptions of the CFA Institute experience (e.g., survey, social media, call centers, etc.).
Serve as the division’s data security policy lead, providing input to and ensuring adherence with enterprise data governance policy decisions including data security, data privacy, and the implementation of access control measures.
The skills and experience required for this role are:
Experience launching qualitative and quantitative data gathering and analysis initiatives
Proven ability with data visualization and reporting technologies, especially Tableau
Experience working with BI tools (e.g. Tableau) for additional analysis skills (data modeling, R or python, etc.)
Hands on experience working on strategy or customer data, with proficiency in data mining and predictive modeling inclusive of linear and non-Linear regression, logistic regression, and time series analysis models.
Facility in working with deep learning algorithms and large datasets as well as experience working with unstructured data and experience cleaning and manipulating data.
This opportunity is open to internal and external candidates. CFA Institute is committed to the professional development of its employees; first consideration will be given to internal candidates

You can connect with the Recruiter on LinkedIn.

If you feel this opportunity could be the next step in your career, we encourage you to click “Apply” and complete our three-minute application.

To stay up to date on current news and events, follow CFA Institute’s LinkedIn page.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. CFA Institute prohibits both discrimination and harassment with regard to all identifying characteristics: any individual employee, group of employees, or prospective employee on the basis of race, color, national origin, citizenship or immigration status, religion, creed or belief, age, marital or partnership status, marital or family status, care giver status, pregnancy and maternity, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, physical abilities/qualities, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, predisposing genetic characteristic, military or veteran status, status as a victim or witness of domestic violence or sex offense or stalking, unemployment status, infectious disease carrier status, migrant worker status, educational background, socio-economic status, geographic location and culture or any other basis protected by applicable law. This policy impacts all aspects of employment, including but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, training, development, promotion, demotion, layoff, recall, furlough, transfer, leave of absence, and dismissal. This is a global policy that applies to all CFA Institute employees, regardless of location.

Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.",3.8,"CFA Institute
3.8","Charlottesville, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
11,Software Engineer,-1,"Requisition ID 169546BR
Date updated 10/02/2020
CE38/CE39: Software Engineer II/Sr Software Engineer I; G07/G08

Note: This is a position for experienced professionals. If you have completed your degree within the last 18 months please apply to RTX College jobs: https://jobs.raytheonmissilesanddefense.com/college-jobs

Check us out on YouTube: https://youtu.be/kfHlc8GCzoU
At Raytheon Technologies (RTX), we are defining the future of aerospace and defense with ambitious technologies that push the limits of known science. Our technologies help our customers take on the world's biggest challenges.

Job Summary:
We are currently seeking a Software Engineer to join the Missile Defense & Surveillance Software Department in Huntsville, Alabama.

Our software teams employ disciplined software processes (CMMI Level 5) across the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). We use a variety of development methodologies and tools to produce high quality products for our customers. We strive for technical excellence by drawing upon a diverse workforce whose knowledge base covers the complete spectrum of modern computing languages and platforms. The successful Software Engineer will be integrated into a small to medium-sized team performing software development, integration, and testing of real-time systems. As the Software Engineer, you will be responsible for hands-on technical work including designing, implementing, debugging, and resolving problems with real-time software applications, as well as supporting software verification efforts.

Our software applications are developed using C++, Java, and Ada programming languages executing on a variety of computing platforms running Linux/Unix operation systems.

This position will require an Interim secret clearance or above to start. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Skills/Experience:

•2+ years of prior object-oriented software development experience using C++, Java, and/or Ada as well as Linux/Unix operating systems.
•Established verbal and written communication skills. Works within a team construct to achieve program success.
•Experience in the code and test phases of Software Engineering. Familiarity with the Software Development Life Cycle.

This position will require an Interim secret clearance or above to start. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Education (including Major):
•BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Software Engineering, or relevant engineering discipline

Desired Skills/Experience:

•4+ yrs of prior object-oriented software development experience using C++, Java, and/or Ada as well as Linux/Unix operating systems.
•Real-time OS, preferably WindRiver Linux or LynxOS
•Scrum Master / Product Owner experience
•SBCs and BIOS update experience
•UML and preferably Model Driven Development using Rhapsody
•Agile software development
•Automated testing, continuous integration
•Standard MS-Office tools for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations
•SEI CMMI model
•Machine Learning, Cyber, and/or Artificial Intelligence techniques
•Active Security clearance at the Secret level

KEYWORDS: software, engineer, object-oriented, java, ada, linux, unix, c++, real-time, uml, code, test, agile

At Raytheon Technologies, we innovate to create solutions and solve complex challenges across all domains: from land and sea to air, space, and cyberspace. In doing so, we embrace the talent, expertise and perspectives of our diverse workforce, each bringing their skills, ideas and dedication to the work we do. We pride ourselves on our commitment to our customers, industry partners and our teammates, making a positive impact not only to our business, but also in our communities where we live and work. Our constant innovation is made possible by a strong culture, investing in our people, and an unwavering vision that is shared by Raytheon Technologies employees across the globe a vision of one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place.

What We Offer: Whether you are just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon Technologies offers a robust total rewards package that goes beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits Raytheon Technologies offers include parental (including paternal) leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care.

All these job responsibilities are to be executed in harmony with Raytheon Technologies' Code of Business Ethics and Conduct policy which sets the standard by which we operate and how we treat others.
Raytheon Technologies is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status, or any other protected factor.
This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.

169546

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Huntsville, AL",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
12,Sr. Full Stack Engineer,"$75k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx

Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company?

At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way. We want Alteryx to be recognized as much for our dynamic work culture as for our products.

About Alteryx Innovation Labs

The Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve dynamic problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we’re looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.

Overview

As a Senior Full stack Engineer, you will work within the Innovation Labs engineering teams to build features and components end-to-end in order to help us build and deliver a new web-based data science product. In this role, you will have the opportunity to problem solve, drive projects to success, communicate with stakeholders, and learn from both success and failures as part of a dynamic, friendly and ambitious team with technical influence throughout Alteryx and beyond.

Responsibilities
Be a senior member on the engineering team to build a large and complex (in a fun way!) application using React/Redux with Scala/Python backend
Work closely with UI/UX team to provide feedback on designs and transform them into functioning user-facing products
Work closely with Product and Engineering leadership on the technical and product roadmap
Consume and inform the design of machine learning and data science APIs that powers the application
Incorporate user feedback to improve the product
Author new features, from conception and design to implementation and testing
Requirements
5+ years of experience in front-end web development, ideally with several years of React
3+ years of experience in a modern backend language (Python, NodeJS, Go, Scala, etc.)
Experience building and deploying applications in a dockerized-based environment, ideally on AWS.
Experience writing clear and effective documentation
Experience with automated testing and tools like Jest, Cypress, CircleCI, Github Actions, Selenium, etc.
Drive to build quality features and components end-to-end
Bonus
Demonstrated (in your portfolio) eye for design and solving real-world user problems end-to-end, if you have examples to show that’s awesome
Experience with data visualization
Experience with API design
Contributions to open-source frameworks and/or libraries.
Benefits & Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Health plans that cover your family and pets
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
13,Data Scientist,"$80k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Data Scientist will partner with stakeholders from various business functions to identify data science opportunities, have the knowledge, experience and technical skills to leverage internal and external data, and apply the right machine learning/big data technologies to turn such data into valuable insights and solutions for the company. The candidate will be tasked with gathering and integrating large volumes of data to develop complex predictive / machine learning models to drive actionable results and insights especially in the areas of fraud / anomaly detection, claims automation / self service and general efficiency opportunities. This is a highly visible and impactful role where the Data Scientist will interact with the senior and executive level management and have the opportunity to influence what we do and how we do it through data science.

Responsibilities:
Create a collaborative and effective working relationship with functional leaders to understand business problems, identify opportunities / use cases to improve the performance of our businesses
Lead / Contribute to the development of actionable solutions. This includes all aspects of the solution development including problem and goal definition, defining a plan for:
Sampling of the data and conducting experiments
Data extraction
Ingestion and processing (outlier and missing data handling)
Exploratory data analysis
Feature engineering (weight of evidence, label encoding, label count encoding, target encoding, time-series, polynomial interactions, binning, outlier handling)
Feature selection (forward, backwards, information value)
Hyperparameter optimization of machine learning models
Experiment tracking for A/B testing and reproducibility, model evaluation, model interpretability, results communication and deployment
Contribute to the adoption and better understanding across the company of data science best practices and tools and stay up to date regarding new knowledge and developments in this domain
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Core skills in Computer Science: Data Structures, Algorithms, Programming Paradigms and Relational Databases
Deep working experience applying statistics and machine learning techniques to real-world problems and data and deploying models to production
Hands-on experience with SQL and tools to access databases
Expertise in Python and R
Expertise with open source data mining/machine learning/big data programming libraries, models and frameworks (e.g. Pandas, Scikit-Learn, H2O, TSFresh, FeatureTools, MLflow, Shap, Microsoft Interpret, Tensorflow, Statsmodels, Pandas-Profiling, Seaborn, Plotly, Spark, Koalas)
Working experience with cloud computing services such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Excellent presentation skills to non-technical Associates communicating complex concepts in terms the audience can understand through understandable language, tables and visualizations
When evaluating the candidate, special attention will be paid to the following competencies:
Intellectual Curiosity and Critical Thinking, necessary to analyze a problem from multiple perspectives and examine the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated
Autonomous, to own projects end-to-end; ability to work on the entire stack without being dependent on other team members
Focus, to design and test a technique over days and weeks, find it doesn’t work, learn from the failure, and try again
Creativity, to invent and try new approaches to solving a problem
Attention to Detail, in order to maintain rigor and to detect and avoid over-reliance on intuition when examining data
Clear and concise written and oral communication, in order to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner
Interpersonal skills, necessary to build good working relationships and work as part of a team
PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math or a related discipline or equivalent skill set",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
14,Senior Principal Engineer,-1,"We are seeking a Senior Principal Engineer to join our product development team. In this role, you will be a technical leader on our Lexio team. Lexio is an innovative product that combines data analysis, natural language generation, and an intuitive user experience to reimagine Business Intelligence. As a Senior Principal Engineer, you will have technical ownership over significant parts of the Lexio codebase. You will be challenged with a diverse set of projects including greenfield product development and system-level platform improvements.

While technical work will be your primary focus, you are a problem solver at your core. You are a collaborator who is energized by working with the entire spectrum of the Lexio team; engineering, product, design, customer success, and go-to-market. You are driven to build something great and resilient to the fact that customer and user needs often change. You take delight in:
Using creativity and innovation to make products better for the end-user every day
Working on unique technical problems in the emerging field of data storytelling
Working in small teams to efficiently design and build solutions to novel problems
Expressing your perspective even when it may not be a popular one
Mentoring people and believing that a great product comes from great team collaboration
Qualifications
7+ years of professional software development experience
Proven expertise of Python or equivalent
Experience with Unix / Linux systems (e.g. Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat, etc.)
Familiarity with cloud computing, particularly AWS
Demonstrated ability to write clean, helpfully-commented and readable code
Proven ability to collaborate and influence cross-functionally
A drive to learn constantly with an analytical and problem-solving mindset
A passion for growing as an engineer and helping others grow
Experience with owning a technical roadmap, defining developer standards, and promoting best practices across the engineering organization
A knack for debugging unfamiliar problems
Proven experience dealing with ambiguity
Bonus
Experience with statistics and/or machine learning
Experience building modern front-apps (e.g. React/Redux, Angular, Vue)
About the Engineering Team @ Narrative Science

The Engineering team at Narrative Science specializes in delivering high-value cloud-based solutions to customers. Specifically, we are responsible for building and innovating on an insightful and personalized data storytelling platform. We work a lot with data pipelines, analytics, natural language generation (NLG), continuous deployment tooling, and cloud architecture.

Culture @ Narrative Science

Narrative Science believes that data storytelling can empower everyone to understand and take action from their data. Our mission is to build software that leverages artificial intelligence to automatically turn data into easy-to-understand reports, transforms statistics into stories, and converts numbers into knowledge.

Our core virtues (mission-driven, impactful, team first, innovative) are ingrained in everything we do, from how we develop our technology to how we interact with customers to how we hire people. Since 2020, we have embraced a remote approach and are on a journey to ingrain that in our culture. All while being immersed in our culture of learning, collaboration, innovation, and customer impact.

At Narrative Science, we embrace the diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives of our future employees, colleagues, customers, partners, and other stakeholders. We provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.1,"Narrative Science
4.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
15,Senior Android Engineer,"$57k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are

WillowTree is an award-winning digital product agency driven by innovation and grounded in strategy and user-centered design. We create long-term partnerships with the world's leading brands to design and build digital flagship products crucial to their core business. We are one of the largest independent digital firms in the US. Some of our clients include HBO, National Geographic, Anheuser-Busch, and PepsiCo.

The Opportunity

As a Senior Software Engineer at WillowTree, you'll have the opportunity to impact teammates throughout various stages of their careers. You'll have clear oversight of how engineering runs day-to-day and will influence project outcomes.

We understand our responsibility to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive place within the tech industry, while pushing to make our industry more representative. Because of this responsibility, we need candidates who value diversity and inclusion through their work, team collaboration, or mentorship. So in your cover letter, we encourage you to reflect on diversity, equity, and inclusion.
This is not a remote position and may require some travel. Currently, all team members are working from home until our offices reopen.
Responsibilities
Lead the delivery of large and complex software projects from beginning to end in a team-based environment
Confidently deliver high-quality software by applying critical thinking to products, requirements, and processes
Work closely with clients to influence technical product decisions and business goals
You'll stay up to date with the landscape of software engineering best practices, tools, and frameworks
Understanding of various software architectures and can adapt and compose solutions to unique problems with sustainable and reusable solutions
Mentor a larger team towards shared goals and outcomes
Navigate difficult conversations by providing constructive feedback to teams and clients
You'll identify obstacles to ensure quality, improve our user experience and how we build software
Self-aware of limitations, yet curious to learn new solutions and receptive to constructive feedback from teammates
You'll guide your team to understand and work through changing priorities by bringing positive energy
Communicate and simplify complex problems in order to foster understanding across multidisciplinary teams
Apply your knowledge and findings at an organizational scale
You'll travel onsite to meet with our clients about one week per month
Qualifications
You've built and deployed complex software at scale involving at least one of our core technologies (iOS, Android, Web Apps, API Engineering)
You understand unit testing, when to apply design patterns, and how to use tools like profilers
Significant expertise with ORM/SQLite, understanding of versioning and migrations
Experience with CoordinatorLayout
Knowledge of layout pass implications and performance
Experience managing multiple themes and styles across an application
Grasp of resource buckets for defining locale and device specific layouts and resources
Ability to account for accessibility services like TalkBack (focusability, content descriptions, accessibility delegates, etc.)
Understanding of how to avoid data races, experience with shared memory between threads, and knowledge of when to use concurrent collections
You've owned and led the delivery of major features and components
You've worked with clients and stakeholders (consulting experience, ability to have difficult conversations or solve and advocate for best practices)
Empathetic to client needs and desire to contribute sound recommendations on technical architecture and design
Leadership or mentorship experience
Can present complex ideas to clients and team members in a compelling and energetic way
Proficiency using, modifying, and creating development tools that foster efficiency and improve process
Eye for business - you consider 'big picture' perspectives and can successfully balance business goals and technical constraints
Bonus Points
You've conducted interviews and have hired for your team
Expertise with advanced automation tools (e.g. virtualization, machine learning-based testing, massive parallelization)
Basic understanding of how to design RESTful APIs that are optimized for responsive, interactive mobile experiences
Appreciation of pixel-perfect UI implementations
Experience with a build tool (e.g. Jenkins, TeamCity, CircleCI, Travis CI, etc)
Knowledge of risks identified in OWASP Secure Coding Practices
Understanding of appropriate licensing for 3rd party libraries
A list of emerging technologies we're interested in: Big Data, Machine Learning, Voice, AR/VR, Security Background, and IoT
You have code samples or a GitHub account to share and while you're there, check us out!

Even if you don't have expertise in all of the qualifications listed, we value new perspectives and backgrounds and encourage you to apply. We're committed to building a diverse company that reflects the diversity of our users. We're committed to growth-mindset.

Why WillowTree?

We offer a place to be yourself.

Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. That's why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. You'll work hard here; however, we'll balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. We're committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.

We want you to reach your fullest potential and part of your professional development at WillowTree will include dedicated time to innovate on passion projects and an annual stipend to fund your professional pursuits.

WillowTree celebrates our differences and provides equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that it's important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.",4.9,"WillowTree
4.9","Charlottesville, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
16,Associate Cloud Automation Engineer- AWS,"$67k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who YOU are:

As a future Cloud Automation Engineer at Plus3 IT Systems, you:
Are passionate about working on cutting edge, high profile projects and are motivated by delivering solutions on an aggressive schedule
Aren't satisfied with status quo, and regularly look for creative ways to solve problems and help your team meet commitments
Are insatiably curious you ask why, you explore, and you're not afraid to blurt out your crazy idea
Love learning new technologies and sharing them with your team
Have a keen interest in using any and all appropriate tools, especially Cloud-based and Open Source, to solve the problem at hand
Have strong verbal and written communication skills, due to the dynamic nature of collaborations with customers, vendors, and other engineering teams to solve complex business problems together
Use your experience and leadership skills to motivate your teammates to deliver high quality results in a fast-paced work environment
Are obsessed with automation, simplicity, and smooth-running systems
What you'll be doing:
Building automation tooling and pipelines that enable secured systems to be deployed across a variety of environments, including public/private cloud, virtual machines, or bare metal servers.
Developing automation to standardize and secure cloud services such as server operating system builds, including Red Hat Linux and CENTOS, that are compliant with enterprise standards and security policy.
Solving challenging problems involving system and environment internals, to provide solutions that are simple to use, but can be customized to meet customer needs.
Collaborating with stakeholders to test build releases and ensure builds provide a consistent core foundation for hosting government and commercial applications.
Supporting technologies and products, including AWS, Microsoft Azure, RedHat Linux, CentOS, Saltstack, Terraform, Git, GitOps, Python
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
2+ years of relevant experience.
Desired Qualifications:
Masters Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
8+ years of relevant experience.
DoD 8570 IAT Level II certification
Top Secret Clearance with ability to obtain an SCI and CI poly
Desired experience with following tools and products: Python, Javascript, Terraform, Saltstack, Ansible, Docker, Git, Jenkins, Travis-CI, Azure Pipelines, CodeBuild, Powershell
Desired experience with practices and concepts: DevSecOps, GitOps, ConfigOps, Configuration as Code, Infrastructure as Code, CI/CD, Declarative Programming, Event-driven Architectures/Pipelines
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.",4.5,"Plus3 IT Systems
4.5","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
17,Digital Signal Processing (DSP) Engineer 1,-1,"DSP Engineer 1

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has experience in radar, SAR, interferometry, or image processing. Candidate must be comfortable with algorithm development in both time and frequency domains.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the DSP Engineer I position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing cutting edge algorithms within a heterogeneous software environment containing code in Python, MATLAB, C++ and Java. Machine Learning, Cloud Technology, and software skills are desired. Good communication skills, with ability to interact with remote co-workers are important. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for government customers.

What required background will make you successful?
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Applied Math, or other equivalent field of discipline
Demonstrated capability in scientific programming of high-level language on Unix/Linux platforms
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
18,Embedded Software Engineer I,-1,"***This position is for early career individuals who have less than 2 years of professional work experience and who will receive a degree during the current academic year or who received their degree within the last 18 months.***

Overview:
Raytheon Missiles and Defense (RMD) is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense, security and civil markets where youll be part of a global team working together to solve some of the most demanding challenges on the planet. We are the world's largest developer, producer and integrator of weapon systems. In fact, we've produced over one million missiles in our history. Military forces in more than 50 countries look to us for a high-quality product portfolio that includes missiles, smart munitions, projectiles, kinetic kill vehicles and directed energy weapons. We are able to accomplish this feat because our employees live our Values of Trust, Respect, Collaboration, Innovation and Accountability. Diversity is a part of our culture and a key to our success. When world-class talent works together in a place that is respectful and inclusive, we solve some of the world's hardest problems.

We know that a diverse company is a strong company. The people of Raytheon Technologies come from different backgrounds. We value our different perspectives and styles of tackling the worlds most complex challenges and toughest threats. Through Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), our employees are empowered to impact business results, build professional networks, advocate for causes that matter to them and contribute to their local communities. Diversity of thought is critical to the future of innovation. We leverage these unique voices to generate solutions toward a united and singular purpose: to define the future of aerospace.

Job Description:
The Software Products Engineering (SPE) organization develops flight software applications, including integration and test on missiles, launchers, fire control and other complex systems. Our precision software and firmware integrates operating systems, device drivers, networking, and control software to bring together sensor, guidance, and flight control processing features to complete the mission. Our engineers design, develop, and build innovative solutions for the U.S. Government. Experience all aspects of a software development life-cycle as a member of a fast-paced agile team on the leading edge of:
Real-time systems design
Digital signal processing
Machine Learning and Autonomous Systems
Cyber Security
DevOps technologies and methods
We encourage curious, creative problem solvers to join our team of bright, dedicated software craftspeople in designing and implementing highly innovative systems. You will learn advanced software engineering practices and apply new technologies to develop next generation capabilities and help keep our country safe.

As an entry-level Software Engineer, you will:
Assist and participate in the research, design, development and testing of real-time embedded software, firmware, and tools, to include development of new work products or enhancement of existing applications and systems
Design, code, test, integrate and document software solutions
Participate in internal review of software components and systems
Collaborate with project leaders and other professionals within Engineering
Work on problems with defined scope, schedule and expectations
Follow established development practices and processes to maintain the configuration management of software products
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Required Education/Skills:
Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree in Computer Engineering or Software Engineering; or
Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree in a related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) discipline (such as Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering, Math or Physics) with experience with C, C++, or Java
Must be either currently pursuing degree or degree must have been granted in the last 18 months
U.S. Citizenship is required
Desired Skills:
College coursework covering modern software languages (such as C, C++, or Java)
1 year or more of calculus, physics and computer science studies that include assembly level programming
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of systems software design, operating systems and architectures
ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. 3.0 cumulative GPA desired
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures
Demonstrated ability to work with colleagues who represent a diversity of work and conflict resolution styles
Location:
This position is located in beautiful Tucson, AZ. Tucson has a friendly,caring and laid-back atmosphere, combined with the innovation and energy of ametropolitan region and recognized as one of Americas 10 Best Small Cities. Surrounded by beautiful mountains, colorful Sonoran Desert landscape andmajestic saguaro cacti, Tucson is blessed with some of natures best work.Tucson is known for its bright blue skies, and with more than 310 sunny days peryear, Tucsons fantastic weather lets residents enjoy the outdoors year-round.

Benefits:
Full-time and Part-time opportunities are available
Student Loan Repayment Contribution Program
Paid Parental Leave
Educational Assistance
9/80 work schedule Every other Friday off
Onsite Wellness Program Health Screenings/Flu Shots
401K Savings & Investment Plan
Paid Time Off
Rstars is an enterprise-wide recognition program that allows you to give and receive thanks for notable and exceptional performance.
Clearance:
This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance. The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process. Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement. Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens. https://www.state.gov/m/ds/clearances/c10978.htm
*Please upload a copy of your most recent transcripts with your resume when applying to this requisition. Please include your cumulative GPA and projected graduation date on your resume. ***

168834

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
19,Machine Learning Apps Engineer,"$113k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","· Strong software development skills
· Good web platform/Cloud development skills
· Good knowledge of frameworks like MxNet or Tensorflow

This position is for a Senior Software Engineer in the AWS Inferentia cloud-scale accelerator team. This engineer will help to define, identify and create key solutions. This engineer will ensure that AWS Inferentia will meet our customer needs and satisfy the evolving directions of solutions and will be deeply involved in Tensorflow, MXNet and other frameworks and layers.
This role requires good knowledge of and the methods by which it is used, knowledge of application development and a strong software development background. The ideal candidate will have the academic depth sufficient to understand the implications of new solutions and directions.

· Strong mathematical/analytical background
· Strong C or coding
· Good web platform/Cloud development skills
· Application development from web service API through backend
· hardware/software development in driver and kernel
· Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
· Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age

Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age",3.9,"Annapurna Labs (U.S.) Inc.
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
20,Senior Engineer,"$55k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","British American Tobacco
Job Number: 28238

Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Modoral Brands, Inc.; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; Reynolds Brands, Inc.; and Vuse Stores LLC. This position is with American Snuff Company, LLC (4040).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.

Job Summary:

This position manages technical related projects, with emphasis on providing technical leadership for functional area or specific engineering field of expertise. The role proactively initiates and drives projects or segments of projects consistent with RAI strategic business and continuous improvement plans; develops project proposals, scopes, and implementation plans ensuring appropriate stakeholder participation and holistic process approach; and aligns with resources across the organization to ensure delivery of results. The role serves as a technical resource to broader organization, providing technical information, guidance, and engineering recommendations that support broader project initiatives and technical training requirements, and may lead or coordinate the work of others.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Demonstrated proficiency in functional processes, technology, and engineering practices.
Engage with internal business partners to ensure that technical decisions are based on the broad vision of the organization and achieve optimum results.
Develop and ensure appropriate timelines, milestones, cost estimates, and project objectives are achieved
Identify, evaluate, specify, and select appropriate technologies, vendors, and construction services consistent with short-term and long-term requirements
Assist with negotiations with third party suppliers and equipment manufacturers in the development, evaluation, coordination, and resolution of issues.
Ensure project evaluations and implementations are in line with economic, personnel, environmental, product quality, machine performance, and engineering related requirements.
Identify and drive innovative solutions to address business/process opportunities and issues.
Develops partnership with external vendors, agencies, suppliers, and service providers to drive business success and enhance effectiveness of processes.
Drives continuous improvement by identifying root cause of issues and implementing new methods or technology to enhance effectiveness and drive business success.
Manage capital projects including estimating, specifying equipment, controlling project costs and maintaining project timelines.
The role is approximately 80% execution, 20% strategic in nature.
Job Requirements:

Education
Sr. Engineer: Bachelor of Science Degree in Engineering or: Licensure as a Professional Engineer, with 2+ years of progressive experience.
Sr. Engineering Technologist: Associate Degree in Engineering or related field with 2+ years of progressive experience or; 5+ years of relevant progressive work experience in a technical field.
Experience
Previous experience with project management
Exposure to industry and technology trends in order to identify opportunities
Required Skills:
Analytical problem solving, and decision making skills
Understanding of engineering practices, standards, design principles, and environmental requirements
Knowledge of manufacturing and packaging of consumer goods
Project management skills with the ability to lead or support the execution of projects
Demonstrated ability to lead a cross functional team
Demonstrated ability to work efficiently, be pro-active, and communicate effectively with team members and management
Proficiency in computer skills (Microsoft Office Suite, etc.) and the ability to quickly learn new computer skills
Excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills
Demonstrated ability to perform with urgency
Preferred Skills:
Engineering experience within a regulated environment.
Proficiency in Computer Aided Design (CAD) applications.
Physical Requirements:
Regular attendance at work.
LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMER:

The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The Company reserves the right to change or modify job descriptions and employee job duties. Requirements are representative of minimum levels of knowledge, skills and/or abilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee must possess the abilities or aptitudes to perform each duty proficiently. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform other job-related duties requested by their supervisor in compliance with Federal and State Laws.

Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Clarksville
Nearest Secondary Market: Nashville
Job Segment:
Manufacturing Engineer, Engineer, Construction, Drafting, CAD, Engineering",3.4,"Reynolds American
3.4","Clarksville, TN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1875,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
21,Embedded Software Engineer II,-1,"***This position is for early career individuals who have less than 2 years of professional work experience and who will receive a degree during the current academic year or who received their degree within the last 18 months.***

Overview:
Raytheon Missiles and Defense (RMD) is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense, security and civil markets where youll be part of a global team working together to solve some of the most demanding challenges on the planet. We are the world's largest developer, producer and integrator of weapon systems. In fact, we've produced over one million missiles in our history. Military forces in more than 50 countries look to us for a high-quality product portfolio that includes missiles, smart munitions, projectiles, kinetic kill vehicles and directed energy weapons. We are able to accomplish this feat because our employees live our Values of Trust, Respect, Collaboration, Innovation and Accountability. Diversity is a part of our culture and a key to our success. When world-class talent works together in a place that is respectful and inclusive, we solve some of the world's hardest problems.

We know that a diverse company is a strong company. The people of Raytheon Technologies come from different backgrounds. We value our different perspectives and styles of tackling the worlds most complex challenges and toughest threats. Through Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), our employees are empowered to impact business results, build professional networks, advocate for causes that matter to them and contribute to their local communities. Diversity of thought is critical to the future of innovation. We leverage these unique voices to generate solutions toward a united and singular purpose: to define the future of aerospace.

Job Description:
The Software Products Engineering (SPE) organization develops flight software applications, including integration and test on missiles, launchers, fire control and other complex systems. Our precision software and firmware integrates operating systems, device drivers, networking, and control software to bring together sensor, guidance, and flight control processing features to complete the mission. Our engineers design, develop, and build innovative solutions for the U.S. Government. Experience all aspects of a software development life-cycle as a member of a fast-paced agile team on the leading edge of:
Real-time systems design
Digital signal processing
Machine Learning and Autonomous Systems
Cyber Security
DevOps technologies and methods
We encourage curious, creative problem solvers to join our team of bright, dedicated software craftspeople in designing and implementing highly innovative systems. You will learn advanced software engineering practices and apply new technologies to develop next generation capabilities and help keep our country safe.

As an entry-level Software Engineer, you will:
Assist and participate in the research, design, development and testing of real-time embedded software, firmware, and tools, to include development of new work products or enhancement of existing applications and systems
Design, code, test, integrate and document software solutions
Participate in internal review of software components and systems
Collaborate with project leaders and other professionals within Engineering
Work on problems with defined scope, schedule and expectations
Follow established development practices and processes to maintain the configuration management of software products
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Required Education/Skills:
Master of Science or Master of Arts degree in Computer Engineering or Software Engineering; or
Master of Science or Master of Arts degree in a related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) discipline (such as Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering, Math or Physics) with experience with C, C++, or Java
Must be either currently pursuing degree or degree must have been granted in the last 18 months
U.S. Citizenship is required
Desired Skills:
College coursework covering modern software languages (such as C, C++, or Java)
1 year or more of calculus, physics and computer science studies that include assembly level programming
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of systems software design, operating systems and architectures
ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. 3.0 cumulative GPA desired
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures
Demonstrated ability to work with colleagues who represent a diversity of work and conflict resolution styles
Location:
This position is located in beautiful Tucson, AZ. Tucson has a friendly,caring and laid-back atmosphere, combined with the innovation and energy of ametropolitan region and recognized as one of Americas 10 Best Small Cities. Surrounded by beautiful mountains, colorful Sonoran Desert landscape andmajestic saguaro cacti, Tucson is blessed with some of natures best work.Tucson is known for its bright blue skies, and with more than 310 sunny days peryear, Tucsons fantastic weather lets residents enjoy the outdoors year-round.

Benefits:
Full-time and Part-time opportunities are available
Student Loan Repayment Contribution Program
Paid Parental Leave
Educational Assistance
9/80 work schedule Every other Friday off
Onsite Wellness Program Health Screenings/Flu Shots
401K Savings & Investment Plan
Paid Time Off
Rstars is an enterprise-wide recognition program that allows you to give and receive thanks for notable and exceptional performance.
Clearance:
This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance. The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process. Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement. Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens. https://www.state.gov/m/ds/clearances/c10978.htm
*Please upload a copy of your most recent transcripts with your resume when applying to this requisition. Please include your cumulative GPA and projected graduation date on your resume. ***

167597

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
22,Principal Software Engineer - Information Exploitation,-1,"U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Who we are
Raytheon BBN is one of Raytheons premier research and development centers. Our diverse research portfolio combines the best technologies to deliver innovative, custom solutions with real-world benefit. Located in Arlington, VA, our Information Exploitation group is seeking a Staff Scientist with software research interests. Our world-class team works with a broad range of Government agencies to solve problems that are both technically challenging and have a real operational impact.

What will you do
The ideal candidate will have strong experience in Java development with some experience or interest in machine reasoning, semantic web technologies, data analytics, or artificial intelligence technologies. Our research work applies the above technologies to build both prototype and real operational systems. You will be working on challenging problems including:
• Producing sophisticated software in a fast-paced agile environment;
• Developing mission-critical applications for deployment into global enterprise operations;
• Optimizing software for knowledge representation, storage, and query systems for high performance.
• Designing novel machine reasoning and learning algorithms and solutions to complex, open-ended intelligence problems.

What will you need
BS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline and 8 years of experience; or MS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline and 6 years of experience.
Proficiency in Java and the Java-based development ecosystem.
Current DoD or IC Top Secret security clearance with SSBI. US citizenship is required
Desired Skills:
2-3 years of related research experience in one of the technical areas mentioned above.
Experience with Web application development.
Familiarity with modern software configuration management tools such as Docker, Gradle, Ivy, etc.
TS/SCI highly desired
Why us
We offer outstanding benefits that include flexible work schedules, a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, paid parental leave, paid time off, and many other employee discounts. 166098

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Arlington, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
23,Principal R&D Software Engineer,"$77k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

Headline: Pushing the boundaries of what's possible gives my work purpose.

About the role:

Our Research and Development team is all about building the future of the operating room and office for urology patients and clinicians. As a Principal R&D Software Engineer, you'll be at the heart of that mission, developing best-in-class capital systems and software as part of our comprehensive portfolio of solutions. In return for your unique combination of big-picture perspective, ability to execute rigorously, and strong desire to win in the marketplace you'll be a trusted leader collaborating with some of most dynamic minds in the business. All in an environment that encourages people to take measured risks, learn from mistakes, and push the boundaries of engineering.

Key responsibilities:
Leading software architecture, implementation, integration, and testing for complex, connected electronic medical equipment (“capital”) systems and systems-of-systems.
Establishing best-practices for medical device software development and recruitment within the growing business franchise.
Producing maintainable code and technical documentation.
Collaborating with cross-functional and cross-divisional experts in a wide range of fields to solve complex engineering and business challenges.
Translating highly technical results into easily understood recommendations that will influence senior stakeholders.
Managing third party designers, vendors, and contractors to deliver high quality engineering solutions at an accelerated pace.
What we’re looking for in you
10+ years software development in lead roles, preferably in medical devices or a regulated industry with a proven track record of deployment in commercial products.
B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent with appropriate experience (Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, etc.). Masters preferred.
Experience defining and implementing APIs and communication protocols for control and operation of instrumentation.
Multithreaded application development that includes testing and debugging C/C++ on Linux.
Experience working within an Agile software development environment.
Experience in modern Source Code Management (SCM) tools such as git or AccuRev.
Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) software practice in a regulated environment.
Experience working within a quality system, IEC and ISO standards relevant to medical device software lifecycle and risk management (i.e. IEC 62304).
Experience with filesystems, concurrency, multithreading, server architectures, and distributed systems (e.g. AWS, IoT).
Experience with network protocols (TCP, UDP, TLS/SSL, HTTP) and web services (e.g. REST).
Working knowledge of software security and data privacy best practices and risk management.
Passion for understanding and solving problems for end users, with an ability to translate into software requirements, design, and test specifications.
Passion for developing talent, mentoring, and building high-performance teams.
Track record of strong cross-functional collaboration, influence without authority, and project management enabling highly effective project teams.
Proven self-starter who runs towards critical issues, ambiguous requirements, or loosely defined challenges with a demonstrated ability to rally teams to achieve business results.
Comfortable debugging complex integrated systems spanning hardware, embedded and application software in medical devices.
Familiarity with deployment of AI models using platforms such as Amazon Sagemaker, Google Cloud AI Platform, or Azure Machine learning studio a plus.
Familiarity with application of data engineering, data science, and database management a plus.
Familiarity with computer vision toolkits (e.g. OpenCV) a plus.
Experience in algorithm development and deployment using hardware specific hardware platforms such as GPU-accelerated programming, FPGAs, or microcontrollers a plus.
Travel: 10%
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Boston Scientific maintains a drug-free workplace. Pursuant to Va. Code § 2.2-4312 (2000), Boston Scientific is providing notification that the unlawful manufacture, sale, distribution, dispensation, possession, or use of a controlled substance or marijuana is prohibited in the workplace and that violations will result in disciplinary action up to and including termination.",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Marlborough, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
24,Senior Software Engineer,-1,"Braxton Technologies is looking for excellent software engineers to create and improve its technology offerings for current and future customers. Braxton Technologies' develops software solutions for emerging space operations problems. This position will be an integral part of building next generation applications ranging from analyzing space flight characteristics, processing highly structured space vehicle data, translating and normalizing operational data, and creating/integrating infrastructure components to enable advanced solutions.

This position will require quickly coming up to speed on the customers' needs and working with other engineers to iterate on multiple solutions. This position will require exposure to the customers through meetings, high-quality documentation, and delivery of software solutions. There may be opportunities for travel to off-site customer locations. In-person attendance is desired (post COVID-19), but partial and full remote work is an option for outstanding candidates.

Senior Software Engineer

Position Description

• Takes ownership of work artifacts including test development and reporting.
• Collaborates with lead engineers and other stakeholders to design software solutions and evaluate the fitness of the proposed approach.
• Verifies work products meet detailed customer and user requirements and other design objectives.
• Develops and reviews integrated technical documentation.

Position Responsibilities

• Designs, develops, and tests software solutions
• Participates in design reviews to provide input on functional requirements, product designs, or potential problems
• Creates design specifications and other technical documents as required
• Creates and maintains automated test scripts and applications
• Documents software defects, reproduces behavior, and determines root cause.
• Makes use of existing configuration management for software modules and system documentation
• Provides guidance and feedback to junior engineers and developers

Minimum Security Clearance

• The ability to obtain a DoD Secret security clearance once hired.

Required Qualifications and Skills

• Experience with the following technologies:

• Python, C, and C++ programming languages
• Windows and Linux operating systems
• Professional level experience with a minimum of three desired qualifications listed below

• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Team-oriented personality

Additional Desired Qualifications, Skills, Certifications

• Dynamics of astronomical phenomenon and space flight
• Distributed computation techniques, parallelization, and clusters
• Artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning
• Physics modeling and simulation
• Computational fluid dynamics
• Network services, protocols, and serialization techniques
• SQL database programming
• RF (radio frequency) signals and technology
• SDRs (software-defined radios)
• GPS, GNSS (global navigation satellite systems), and PNT (position, navigation, and timing)
• Non-ranging navigation techniques such as INS (inertial navigation systems)
• Precision timekeeping
• Satellite ground systems or satellite command and control

Education and Training Required

• Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, or similar field

Minimum Years of Experience

• 6+ with a Bachelor's Degree

• 3+ with a Master's Degree

BSTG is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact the Talent Acquisition Division at 719-219-7472 or hr.staffing@bstgllc.com. If this position requires a government clearance, the applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for accessing classified information.

#BSTGSP",1.6,"Braxton Science & Technology Group
1.6","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
25,Robotic Process Automation Software Engineer,"$38k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ascend Learning is a national leader in data driven, online educational solutions for learners, educators and employers in high-growth, licensure-driven professions spanning healthcare, fitness and wellness, skilled trades, insurance and financial services. We are passionate about accelerating learning while impacting job readiness, employment success and employee retention with the belief that our work changes lives.

Our culture is intentionally results-driven and selfless with a relentless focus on our customers. We believe in trust, transparency, freedom and responsibility with a commitment to meritocracy, inclusion and diversity of thought. Continual investment in our over 1400 employees is also a core principal realized through ongoing professional development and providing opportunities to grow, develop and lead. Ascend Learning is headquartered in Burlington, MA with additional office locations and remote workers in cities across the U.S. and in the U.K.

Job Overview

We are searching for a Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Software Engineer in our Enterprise Applications organization. The RPA Engineer is a self-driven individual, capable of working alone or with a team and will be responsible for process automation design, development, testing, deployment, monitoring, troubleshooting, administration, and maintenance of attended and unattended automation projects for all Ascend Learning’s business units. If you are creative and like working directly with business stakeholders, working with other development team members, learning and using automation technologies that have a direct impact on Ascend’s business outcomes, this position may be for you. Need additional training? We will provide you with the training and coaching to be successful. This is a full-time position based in our Leawood, KS office once Ascend Learning’s office reopen.

Responsibilities

The following list represents the general responsibilities of an RPA Software Engineer using UiPath and other potential automation technologies for a wide range of applications and use cases.
Provide guidance with process design
Design, develop, and test automation workflows
Deploy RPA components: bots, robots, development tools, code repositories, logging tools
Support the implementation of RPA solutions
Create process and end-user documentation
Assure the quality of the automation (QA processes)
Work with Business Analysts, Scrum Masters, QA Analysts, Product Owners, and other cross-functional resources to define and deliver business impacting projects.
Work directly with stakeholders to capture business requirements and translate them into technical approaches and designs that can be implemented.
Collaborate with development team members to ensure proper implementation and integration of the solutions
Support deployments or troubleshoot production issues outside of work hours and participate in an on-call rotation as-needed.
Maintain current knowledge of relevant technologies and business processes.
Monitor the RPA and intelligent automation industry for new and innovative ways to improve Ascend Learning operations.
Bring creativity to every project!
Required Skills
Hands on experience on RPA tools and cognitive platforms. UiPath experience is highly preferred.
Experience in any of the programming languages like C/C++, Python, VB Script, Ruby, Java, JS, .Net
Basic programming knowledge on HTML, JavaScript (or any scripting language)
Able to design technical specification documents for RPA Projects
Experience developing and consuming APIs
UiPath RPA Developer certifications preferred but not required (training can be provided)
Experience with Agile development methodology
Experience with Databases (SQL or NoSQL) preferred
Knowledge of AI and Machine Learning
Understanding of workflow-based logic
Strong attention to detail and analytical skills
Superior time and project management skills
Ability to present technical details to non-technical audiences
Excellent problem solving/analytical skills and complex troubleshooting methods
Ability to work through ambiguous situations
Excellent presentation, verbal, and written communication skills
Self‐motivated, able to work independently, and able to take initiative without always being directed
Ability to multitask in a fast‐paced environment
Experience and Education
Associate degree or higher in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering, or similar degree/program
4+ years working in the software development life cycle, preferably with .net, developing customized solutions from design through implementation.
2+ years of relevant RPA experience developing attended and unattended software automation projects using UiPath preferred
Experience working in a business IT environment with solutions such as e-commerce, CRM, ERP, ITSM, and more.
Experience working with APIs and other forms of software integrations
Demonstrated experience supporting a multi-user environment.
Experience providing guidance, solutions, and maintenance to end users in a software development or technical support environment.
Ascend Learning, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (M/F/Vets/Disabled). No agency or search firm submissions will be accepted. Applications for U.S. based positions with Ascend Learning, LLC must be legally authorized to work in the United States and verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.",3.5,"Ascend Learning
3.5","Leawood, KS",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
26,Sr Software Engineer,-1,"Requisition ID 169550BR
Date updated 10/02/2020
CE39/CE40: Sr Software Engineer I / Sr Software Engineer II; G08/G09

Note: This is a position for experienced professionals. If you have completed your degree within the last 18 months please apply to RTX College jobs: https://jobs.raytheonmissilesanddefense.com/college-jobs

Check us out on YouTube: https://youtu.be/kfHlc8GCzoU
At Raytheon Technologies (RTX), we are defining the future of aerospace and defense with ambitious technologies that push the limits of known science. Our technologies help our customers take on the world's biggest challenges.

Job Summary:
We are currently seeking a Sr Software Engineer to join the Missile Defense & Surveillance Software Department in Huntsville, Alabama.

Our software teams employ disciplined software processes (CMMI Level 5) across the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). We use a variety of development methodologies and tools to produce high quality products for our customers. We strive for technical excellence by drawing upon a diverse workforce whose knowledge base covers the complete spectrum of modern computing languages and platforms. The successful Sr Software Engineer will be integrated into a small to medium-sized team performing software development, integration, and testing of real-time systems. As the Sr Software Engineer, you will be responsible for hands-on technical work including designing, implementing, debugging, and resolving problems with real-time software applications, as well as supporting software verification efforts.

Our software applications are developed using C++, Java, and Ada programming languages executing on a variety of computing platforms running Linux/Unix operation systems.

This position will require an Interim secret clearance or above to start. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Skills/Experience:

•4+ years of prior object-oriented software development experience using C++, Java, and/or Ada as well as Linux/Unix operating systems.
•Established verbal and written communication skills. Works within a team construct to achieve program success.
•Experience in the code and test phases of Software Engineering. Familiarity with the Software Development Life Cycle.

This position will require an Interim secret clearance or above to start. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Education (including Major):
•BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Software Engineering, or relevant engineering discipline

Desired Skills/Experience:

•6+ yrs of prior object-oriented software development experience using C++, Java, and/or Ada as well as Linux/Unix operating systems.
•Real-time OS, preferably WindRiver Linux or LynxOS
•Scrum Master / Product Owner experience
•SBCs and BIOS update experience
•UML and preferably Model Driven Development using Rhapsody
•Agile software development
•Automated testing, continuous integration
•Standard MS-Office tools for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations
•SEI CMMI model
•Machine Learning, Cyber, and/or Artificial Intelligence techniques
•Active Security clearance at the Secret level

KEYWORDS: software, engineer, object-oriented, java, ada, linux, unix, c++, real-time, uml, code, test, agile

At Raytheon Technologies, we innovate to create solutions and solve complex challenges across all domains: from land and sea to air, space, and cyberspace. In doing so, we embrace the talent, expertise and perspectives of our diverse workforce, each bringing their skills, ideas and dedication to the work we do. We pride ourselves on our commitment to our customers, industry partners and our teammates, making a positive impact not only to our business, but also in our communities where we live and work. Our constant innovation is made possible by a strong culture, investing in our people, and an unwavering vision that is shared by Raytheon Technologies employees across the globe a vision of one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place.

What We Offer: Whether you are just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon Technologies offers a robust total rewards package that goes beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits Raytheon Technologies offers include parental (including paternal) leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care.

All these job responsibilities are to be executed in harmony with Raytheon Technologies' Code of Business Ethics and Conduct policy which sets the standard by which we operate and how we treat others.
Raytheon Technologies is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status, or any other protected factor.
This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.

169550

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Huntsville, AL",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
27,Senior Staff Software Engineer - Machine Learning Acceleration,"$101k-$193k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

We are looking for a self-driven and experienced C++ software engineer to be part of the Xilinx Vitis AI Software team. The Vitis AI Software team develops core software for deploying Machine Learning applications on Xilinx Deep Learning processors.

Being a member of the Vitis AI Software team requires passion and motivation to solve challenging and technical problems with robust algorithms and features. Our code is optimized for high throughput and low-latency – core requirements for Machine Learning inference.

You will be part of a global team that works on the end-to-end Xilinx Vitis AI software stack. Our software...
starts with user Machine Learning models from popular frameworks such as Tensorflow and TVM
compiles them to target various FPGA Deep Learning accelerators
deploys them for execution on FPGA devices
The flexibility of Xilinx FPGA allows many Deep Learning accelerator designs to be deployed on the same FPGA device. And since FPGAs are programmable, Vitis AI also allows users to optimize the user’s entire end-to-end system. The FPGA can deploy not only Deep Learning accelerators on Edge and in the Cloud – it can also be combined with other modules such as Vision or Post-processing – accelerating the user’s whole application on one chip.

Because of that, you will get a unique chance to work with possibly the largest portfolio of Deep Learning accelerator Hardware, Compiler and Software designs in the industry. It is also the most flexible portfolio of Deep Learning accelerators. Xilinx FPGA makes it easy to optimize each accelerator for a specific user application. It is also easy to experiment with state-of-the-art techniques (such as quantization or pruning).

As such, Vitis-AI software is not custom code tuned for one Machine Learning application. You will join us in our exciting effort to design and implement a simple, robust and general Software Stack to efficiently deploy all current and future FPGA accelerators.

As a Sr Staff Software Engineer, you will be a core member in our global team of RTL, Compiler, Software and Application Engineers. We work together from our offices in San Jose HQ, Beijing, and Hyderabad. Because of that, good communication and teamwork are essential. This listing is for a position in our San Jose headquarters.

In this team, members are involved in all aspects of Deep Learning accelerator development: design, prototyping, implementation, testing, and productization. The team is dynamic and offers each member personal opportunity to grow their knowledge and skills in complex problem solving, product development and software engineering.

Learn more about Xilinx and Vitis AI by visiting us at https://github.com/Xilinx/Vitis-AI

MSEE/MSCS with a minimum of 8 years of relevant work experience in software industry
Strong software development and debug skills
Must be able to demonstrate strong analytical and problem solving ability.
Must be able to excel in a team environment with good interpersonal and communication skills.
Fluency in C++, data structures, algorithms, parallel programming and operating systems
Experience with Machine Learning models and applications is preferred
]]>",3.8,"Xilinx
3.8","San Jose, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1984,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
28,Data Scientist,"$58k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","STRATACACHE provides salable customer experiences, empowering retailers to learn deeply about their customers’ shopping preferences and behaviors, allowing for personalized shopper interaction. Our solutions deliver consumer activation at the point-of-decision, generating new sales opportunities and enhanced retail profitability. With 3 million+ software activations globally, we power the biggest digital networks for the world’s largest brands. Across the STRATACACHE family of complementary digital media/ad tech solution companies, we have the technology, expertise and track record to bring retail innovation that delivers results.

Learn more about the STRATACACHE family at www.stratacache.com.

Data Scientist

Do you love data? Do you enjoy creating statistical models and finding insights that make a difference? Are you interested in the future of retail, commerce, and customer analytics? If so, this is the role for you. In this role you will have the opportunity to work with software engineering, sales, and product organizations to develop innovative, impactful data applications. Your efforts will enhance the overall product quality utilizing many aspects of data science, including various types of modeling that drive toward strategic analytics. You will be focused on the future of the restaurant and retail experience by discovering insights while creating strategic, marketing, retail, customer experience and digital analytics. Your background in statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quantitative research, and/or analytics consulting will be very beneficial as you take on this exciting position in the company and join our Data Science team. In this role you will also have the opportunity to continue to build and improve the marketing of technology products that are influenced by data, understand human behavior and determine how to influence and impact the retail marketplace with exciting new solutions and insights.

Responsibilities include:

Design, build, and deliver statistical models and related actionable data-focused results to support product and customer requirements and initiatives.
Work closely with engineering, product and sales teams to understand business and technical requirements, translate these into important discovery directives, and follow through to optimize and support the enhancement and growth of Stratacache products.
Establish and make effective use of internal and external datasets to back up and support key strategic, product, and customer decision-making efforts.
Serve as the data science expert on cross-functional teams for large strategic initiatives and education on accessing and utilizing qualified and focused data for decision making.
Analyze, propose, design and successfully deliver data experiments for engineering, product and sales teams to ensure statistical rigor and effectiveness.
Provide expertise and professionalism in handling sensitive, privacy-protected data, including sources, structures, organization, and optimization.
Communicate complex ideas about our product through visual aids like charts and dashboards.
Keep up-to-date with emerging data science and statistical technologies, methods and practices.
Create and/or use existing data models for predictions regarding user behavior.
Communicate ideas, processes, and results to all levels of internal and external clients and teams.
Basic & Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis, or other technical field related to software development.
Minimum 3 years of related experience working with data science and statistical modeling.
Experience in the QSR, retail or ecommerce industries from a data perspective is required.
Experience with recommendation engines and discovering new and advanced modeling methods i.e. deep neural networks, gradient boosted decision trees, etc.. is required.
Experience with SQL and at least one functional or statistical programming language is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with R and Python is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with REST APIs is required.
Experience working with Postgres, Timescale DB and/or other related database technologies is required.
Ability to distill complex statistical concepts and methodology, and articulate insights to cross-functional teams and clients with varying levels of knowledge in this space is required.
Ability to work with distributed and remote teams is required.
Experience with complex query writing is required.
Experience with result-set performance tuning and related data administration is required.
Experience with big data technologies is required.
Experience and understanding of various statistical modeling tools and platforms is required.
Experience in ecommerce, wifi, app messaging, social and other datasets is beneficial.
Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence methods and practice is beneficial.
Understanding and experience with database technologies is beneficial including Oracle, SQLServer, etc..
Understanding and experience with BI technologies is beneficial: Tableau, Microstrategy, Microsoft, OBI, etc..
Experience with kafka, Go, or Redis is beneficial.
Understanding of data modeling techniques and star schemas is beneficial.
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce is beneficial.
Experience with ftp, file transfers, data exchange methodologies.
A solid understanding of methodology, data and systems from a broad range of research and analytics providers, including emerging tools and methods is required.
Ability to articulate and tie data to business strategy.
Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills
Self-motivated, self-starter with a team-centric focus while working in a fluid environment.
Exceptional communication skills: verbal, written, and presentation.
Experience in the following areas: strategic analytics, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data analytics, statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quant research, analytics consulting.
Desire and interest to uncover and discover insights using disparate data sources.
Desire and interest in being the “Go To” person for data science.
Dynamic personality and passion for data, analytics, visualizations and storytelling is beneficial for this role.
Keen sense of user interface design, style, aesthetics and effective visual presentation.
Experience with agile development methodologies.
Ability to work effectively in fast-paced, results-oriented work environment.
Ability to handle and adjust to change in requirements and direction.
Positive attitude, attention to detail, and great problem solving skills are important.

STRATACACHE and its family of companies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, veteran, marital, parental, citizenship, or domestic partner status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law.

While we are excited and appreciate you interest in our opportunities, please keep in mind that we are not able to contact all applicants that have applied.

No vendor/agency solicitation please.",3.6,"STRATACACHE
3.6","Dayton, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
29,Sr Quality Engineer - Manufacturing,-1,"Main Objective:

Responsible for various Quality Assurance functions for manufacturing development of medical devices in achievement of company goals. Design, develop, implement, and improve manufacturing processes to quality medical device products and systems. This position requires leadership skills, the willingness and ability to mentor Quality Assurance team members and contributions beyond objectives and expected performance.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :

Participates in the development of medical devices and components from design initiation through design transfer and by representing Quality Assurance for manufacturability in all design and development project teams.
Participates in all manufacturing activities to assure compliance of design specifications.
Leads development of quality plans of new product introductions based on designspecificatons, PFMEA, and control plans.
Works with design team and assist/provide feedback on design specifications and improvements.
Evaluates and develops effective and efficient methods of testing and inspection of products.
Utilizes problem solving tools and techniques and apply risk based approach to problem solving.
Determines necessity of testing and initiates testing by preparing test and inspection plans, and identifying and obtaining required test fixtures and test/inspection instrumentation.
Initiates new projects and acts as the project leader for key initiatives, identifies best practices.
Provides technical support on manufacturing technical issues.
Performs quality trending and leads/supports process improvement initiatives.
Approves manufacturing product and process changes and assures the change management is controlled, adequate, and documented.
Ensures information and documentation is consistently accurate.
Responsible for MRB activities for assigned products, timely resolution of nonconformities, issuing and/or monitoring corrective actions associated with nonconformance and deviations.
Provides input and direction to other members of the quality assurance department to assist them in their assignments and provide them with learning experience.
Supports manufacturing suppliers with assistance in on-site resolution of quality and process related issues andcorrective and preventive actions.
May supervise other engineers, technicians, and support personnel.

Incidental Duties:

The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required, by management.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree required in an Engineering or Engineering Technology discipline.

At least seven years experience in a Quality Control or Quality Assurance position, preferably in a medical device company.

Knowledge and Skill Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Working knowledge of risk assessments, design control requirements, PFMEAs, control plans, quality plans, testing and inspection equipment and techniques.
Manufacturing process knowledge.
Technical knowledge in development methodologies, design, project implementation, including, but not limited to GD&T, DOE, verification, and validation.
SPC (Staticstical Process Control) knowledge.
Strong communication skills and ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical staff.
Project management skills preferred.
Recognized process improvement (i.e.: Lean, Six Sigma) and problem solving (i.e.: RCA, DMAIC, 5 Whys) training preferred.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:

Proficiency in the use of PC and programs, particularly Excel, Word (or equivalents if changed by the Company), SAP or similar inventory software.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Naples",3.0,"Arthrex
3.0","Ave Maria, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
30,Senior Data and Software Engineer,"$108k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description: Senior Data and Software Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering

Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a self-motivated Senior Data and Software Engineer to lead the design and development of our big data infrastructure, that is secure, scalable, highly performant, and able to handle diverse data sets, leveraging latest technologies such as Hadoop and Spark, both on-premise and in the cloud. This position requires lot of experience in designing and building data pipelines, data services, data warehouses, business intelligence and machine learning platforms, especially around unified consumer behavioral and profile data.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools/technologies such as SQL/NoSQL, Python, and Tableau to process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Build, automate and manage data ingestion pipelines for master data management, deep-learning, and predictive analytics
Build and maintain big data environments that are highly secure, scalable, flexible, and performant using appropriate SQL, NoSQL and NewSQL technologies.
Lead data governance and data profiling efforts to ensure data quality and proper meta data documentation for data lineage.
Enhance and modernize platform for precision marketing decision engine based on predictive analytics/machine learning.
Provide technical input into build/buy/partner decisions for all components of the data infrastructure.
Collaborate with diverse technical and non-technical teams located across multiple time-zones on client deliverables and technical support
Participate-in and contribute to design and code reviews
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
5+ years of experience in data integration / data engineering
5+ years of experience in data modeling and architecture
3+ years of experience with building data pipelines and analytics data marts on MPP databases such as RedShift, BigQuery
3+ years of experience working on cloud platforms such as AWS or GCP
3+ years of experience programming in Apache Spark, Hadoop, and python
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Knowledge of data science / machine learning is a plus
Very strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box",3.1,"Affinity Solutions
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
31,Machine Learning Engineer - Think Tank Team,"$101k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Title: Machine Learning Engineer

Company: Samsung Research America (SRA)

Lab: Think Tank Team

Location: Mountain View, CA

Lab Summary:

The Think Tank Team is an interdisciplinary collective of researchers, designers, scientists and engineers located in Mountain View, CA. Our mandate is to explore what's next for Samsung by applying bleeding-edge advances in software, machine learning, computer-human interaction, sensor and display technologies to solve real-world challenges that will transform users' experiences in ways we can only just glimpse on the horizon today.

TTT began as a small team in 2012 and brought its first concept -- the Samsung Gear watch -- to market one year later. Since then we have released several projects such as the Beyond 3D/360/4k camera for AR/VR cinematography, the BotChef cooking robot, the Ballie personalized companion, and others. We work on a wide variety of time scales, advancing science and applying it to create new products and experiences that will impact the lives of millions.

Our team members represent a diverse skillset, including electrical engineering, computer engineering, signal processing, machine learning, computer vision, visual design, interaction design, industrial design, optics, physics, and more from institutions such as MIT, Caltech, Stanford, CMU, Oxford and others. We believe that the best way to show is to design and build prototypes, and that the best products come from teams collaborating to understand and solve a problem from multiple perspectives. We believe that design and creativity are core duties of every member of our team.

Qualifications & Skills

You must be passionate about creating new devices and technologies, and ready to learn on the fly, solve complex problems, work closely with others, and creatively approach design and engineering tasks at all scales. We believe a person's work speaks for itself, and welcome everyone with the right drive, attitude, and skills.
BS/MS/PhD degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
2 years of work experience in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence in real-world settings.
Strong C++ and/or Python skills.
Ability to rapidly prototype with leading ML frameworks.
Experience with current state-of-the-art methods from machine learning & deep learning libraries such as TensorFlow, Caffe, Scikit-Learn, Scipy, Pandas, Torch and others.
Experience with a multitude of machine learning methods such as SVMs, logistic regression, boosting, decision trees, clustering, HMMs etc.
Experience with CV libraries such as OpenCV
Experience in multiple forms of machine leaning, from the very simple to the most complex.
Experience in creation of novel custom features and pre-processing approaches to improve baseline algorithms. Work should go beyond using standard libraries.
Solid understanding of proper evaluation including folds, cross-validation and metrics.
Experience with one or more of the following: Natural Language Processing, GANs, autoencoders, Reinforcement Learning, CNNs, and others.
Flexibility to deal with rapidly changing environment.
Prior experience with signal processing from sensor data is a plus.
Responsibilities
Participate in cutting edge research in machine intelligence and machine learning applications. Leverage expertise from ML research and develop novel predictive models/algorithms
Develop solutions and algorithms that can be applied in variety of real-world applications and devices.
Work closely with researchers and engineers from variety of disciplines to develop new algorithms, product concepts and core-technologies that will bring new business opportunities to Samsung.
If this is something you would love to do, let us know. Show us what you have built, and tell us what you would like to build next!

Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.",3.7,"Samsung Research America
3.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
32,Machine Learning Compiler Engineer,"$87k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Machine Learning Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G - ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5G’s potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in. Qualcomm is utilizing its traditional strengths in digital wireless technologies to play a central role in the evolution of automotive infotainment and autonomous driving. We are investing in several supporting technologies including 4G, 5G, ADAS, and Deep Learning.

The Qualcomm CR&D team is developing hardware and software solutions for the Qualcomm ADAS system. We are seeking ambitious, bright and innovative engineers with experience in software system design, autonomy, device functional safety concepts and implementations.

Job activities span the whole product life cycle from early R&D to commercial deployment. The environment is fast-paced and requires cross-functional interaction on a daily basis so good communication, planning and execution skills are a must.

We are looking to staff engineers at multiple levels in systems & software, integration and test. Details of one of the roles we are looking to staff are listed below.

Specific Responsibilities
Research, design, develop, enhance, and implement the different components of machine learning compiler based on performance and code-size needs of the customer workloads and benchmarks.
Analyze software requirements, determine the feasibility of design within the given constraints, consult with architecture and HW engineers, and implement software solutions best suited for Qualcomm's SOCs.
Analyze and identify system level integration issues, interface with the software development, integration and test teams.
We are looking for engineers with the following skills:
LLVM or any industrial strength compiler development experience is a plus.
Knowledge of the structure and function of the compiler internals.
Hands-on experience with DSP Kernels a plus
Hands-on Experience in C/C++, Python development (3+ years)
Hands-on Experience with Object Orientated Design, TDD development solutions such as GoogleTest etc. (2+ years)
Experience with Source Code and Configuration management tools, git knowledge is required
Willingness to work in a cohesive software development environment with ability to work on low level implementation (code & test) and interfacing with hardware and simulators
Experience in machine learning frameworks and neural network architectures + ML compiler workload synthesis, a plus
Prior working experience of hardware accelerators and hardware software co-design
Experience in using C++ 14/17 (advanced features)
Experience at both the firmware (RTOS) and system level (Linux) in SOC
Experience of profiling software and optimization techniques
Passion to drive to develop leading-edge \""deep learning\"" framework and algorithms working on mobile and embedded platforms.
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.",4.0,"Qualcomm Incorporated
4.0","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
33,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Deep Learning & Algorithms),"$74k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB TITLE

Research Engineer-Deep Learning Theory and Algorithms
Requisition ID

DSA31988
OVERVIEW
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for research engineers at all levels. Candidate will work as part of a team on research and development of algorithms and theory of machine learning. Candidate will research fundamental theoretical aspects of deep learning as well as develop novel techniques to advance the theory and practice of deep learning. Candidate can also apply the developed theory and algorithms to advance the performance of multimedia applications, such as computer vision, augmented reality, natural language processing, or speech processing.
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Understand state of the art machine/deep learning concepts, theory, and applications.
Research algorithms and theory of learning.
Develop machine/deep learning algorithms for mobile processors.
Develop simulators and analyze the performance.
Produce key intellectual property for machine/deep learning.

REQUIRED SKILLS
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in machine/deep learning, optimization, probability theory, statistical inference, information theory, signal processing, and/or image processing
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
C/C++, Python, and/or MATLAB coding skills
Publications in highly ranked journals and conferences
PhD is required

PREFERRED SKILLS
Experience on popular deep learning frameworks

*********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
34,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"At Sisu, we're building a software platform that empowers people to make better decisions using data. Based on years of cutting-edge research at Stanford, Sisu enables users to quickly and comprehensively understand what’s driving their key metrics, so they never miss a window of opportunity to act.

Sisu leverages the massive amounts of data available within private, first-party data warehouses, which capture a real-time, structured view of organizational behavior. By monitoring the performance of key metrics like revenue, retention, and churn, and their relationships to interactions between key factors like user demographics, campaigns, and acquisition channels, we can help users make better decisions. The key problem Sisu solves is to help identify what’s driving change among this enormous feature and hypothesis space. To do so, we combine statistical analysis and machine learning at scale to provide users personalized, real-time diagnoses of changes in their metrics via an explainable, interpretable user interface.

As a machine learning engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to shape the future of machine learning on massive, structured data. Much like public search engines rely on sophisticated models for ranking and relevance over unstructured text, machine learning is integral to Sisu’s value proposition of ranking and highlighting key drivers behind metrics derived from structured data. These results inform our users on how to take action as their businesses are changing.

You will be responsible for investigating and developing state-of-the-art algorithms in Sisu’s large-scale streaming structured data context. ML engineers at Sisu deliver their features end-to-end, from Jupyter notebook prototypes to production in Rust.
Responsibilities
Deliver state-of-the-art, scalable algorithms to production for forecasting time series, personalized ranking, robust statistical analysis of key customer business metrics
Build and maintain the infrastructure for data and model management
Work closely with the Sisu design and engineering teams for ML-adjacent components, such as viz and data processing
Give talks, write blog posts, and produce peer-reviewed publications
Preferred Qualifications
Either 4+ years of professional experience with ML or quantitative analysis, or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, or Physics
Proficiency with Python and experience with data processing tools (e.g., scipy, numpy, pandas, Pytorch, and Spark)
Competency with forecasting deadlines, modular design, testing, code review, and working with new codebases
Strong technical communication skills
Please note that this is a full-time, non-remote role based in San Francisco.

Sisu is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.",4.0,"Sisu Data
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
35,Machine Learning Engineer,"$65k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description
This role will be part of our Applied Data Team and will be responsible for providing Machine Learning Engineering support.
Tasks & responsibilities required of this role include but are not limited to:
Construct machine learning models including data collection, normalization, and standardization, data pipeline construction, model selection and hyperparameter tuning, working ml systems that can add new data into ml model.
Create apps to present ml models and host them in the cloud or locally.
Create pipelines to query and retrieve and update data for existing applications to keep them updated
Supervise the scaling and management of the machine learning modeling ecosystem
Find orthogonal data sets to supplement models and increase alpha
Stay abreast of new technology and machine learning methodologies and implement them into the model building architecture
Work alongside (re)insurance domain experts to improve predictive aspects of their lines of business
Requirements:
3+ years of demonstrative excellence in building, scaling, and productizing machine learning models
Experience working with sparse, high dimensional, and time series data
Python ml stack
Experience dealing with imbalanced classes
Deep Learning Architectures
ML Optimization Techniques
Cloud Services: Azure, AWS, Google Cloud
Distributed systems: Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark
Databricks
Ensemble Stacking and Meta Learners
Classification and Regression Metrics
Regularization Methods
Version Control
Quant trading experience welcome but not required
Kaggle ranking of expert or higher a plus",3.5,"TransRe
3.5","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1977,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
36,Sr. Electrical Engineer,"$84k-$152k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview:

Sr. Electrical Industrial Engineer I

We’re still hiring through the pandemic! Our interview, onboarding, and project delivery process has temporarily changed to keep everyone safe.

Merrick & Company's is seeking a highly motivated, team oriented individual to serve as an Electrical Engineer. The position will be located in Los Alamos, a small community located in the scenic high desert of Northern New Mexico. Los Alamos offers access to a wealth of outdoor activities, a family-friendly community, an excellent public school system and a low crime rate. The ideal candidate will have a passion for designing custom solutions, mentoring a team and the outdoor life style of Northern New Mexico.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities

Electrical engineering of for Nuclear Materials handling equipment.
Electrical engineering for installation of Nuclear Science Scientific Instrumentation.
Independently applies extensive and diversified knowledge of principles and practices in broad areas of assignments and relates fields
Works on a major project or several projects of moderate scope with complex features
Receives supervision and guidance relating to overall objectives, critical issues, new concepts, and policy matters
Receives direction on unusual conditions and developments
May serve as Discipline Representative
Coordinates portions of overall assignments and review
Analyzes and approves the work of others
Conceptual and detailed design of low voltage power distribution, lighting, grounding, motor control systems, PLC/PAC, HMI’s process equipment and instrumentation
Routinely interacts with clients, customers, officials, contractors and others
Leads project meetings and makes presentations
Represents the organization and maintains liaison with individuals and related organizations

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Uses advanced techniques in the modification or extension of theories and practices of sciences and disciplines to complete assignments
Experienced in Electrical Power Calculation Software
Experienced in application of National Electrical Code
Working knowledge of NFPA, ISA, IEEE Regulatory Codes
Familiar with NQA-1 requirements
Extensive knowledge of nuclear/industrial related design
Subject Matter Expert

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree (B.S.) in Electrical Engineering or Architectural-Engineering with Electrical Emphasis Engineering from an accredited program
Minimum twelve (12) years of experience
PE License required

Physical Requirements

Requires the ability to sit for extended periods at a computer
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Construction Site visits require walking through constructions sites and climbing of ladders.
Meets expectations for attendance and punctuality

Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment and occasional construction site visits. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as but not limited to: computers, phones, copiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.
Construction site visits require wearing of hard hats, safety glasses, hard toe shoes, and climbing of ladders.
May be required to travel to other office locations.
May be required to travel to client facilities or fabrication and manufacturing facilities.

Additional information

Apply on line only. No e-mail, hard copy or third party resumes accepted.

Merrick & Company offers a competitive compensation and benefits package which includes; health insurance, dental and vision coverage, 401(k), unique work-life benefits, continuing education and training through the Merrick Learning Institute.

We recognize the importance of developing top talent from within, our employees have access to a wide range of internal and external training and coaching programs and are rewarded for their achievements through excellent benefits and competitive salaries.

Merrick & Company is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age 40 and over, color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, military or veteran status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other applicable status protected by state or local law.

We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

#LI-JN1",3.4,"Merrick & Company
3.4","Los Alamos, NM",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1955,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
37,Data Scientist,"$70k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Position at Homes.com

Homes.com is looking for a Data Scientist in Norfolk, VA to join our team of IT professionals. You'll be working with our Business Intelligence Team to support and grow our premier real estate portal. You'll participate in technical research, developing models, data analysis, machine learning and be expected to bring your own ideas to the table to help keep us innovating.

Responsibilities:
Forecast site traffic for use in inventory calculations
Analyze and report on trends such as home valuations
Develop suggestion models
Help develop image classification models
Requirements:
BS or MS in computer science, data science, mathematics or other related field
2+ Years working as a Data Scientist
1+ Years Experience working with Time Series modeling
Experience working with Jupyter Notebooks
Experience working in R and Python
Experience providing Statistical Analysis
Nice to Haves:
Experience working in a cloud environment
Experience working with a relational database

About Homes.com

Homes.com offers today's demanding home buyers, renters and those somewhere in between a simply smarter home search. With features like Homes.com Match, HomeShare and Snap & Search, homeshoppers now have a more personalized way to search for their next home. Since its launch over 25 years ago, Homes.com offers real estate professionals brand and property advertising, search engine marketing and instant response lead generation to help them succeed online. For more information, visit Homes.com.

About DE

Dominion Enterprises (DE) is a leading digital marketing and software services company offering client solutions across multiple business verticals. Our customers rely on our B2B cloud SaaS solutions to establish their online and mobile brands, generate leads, and manage customer relationships through our Homes.com, Dominion Dealer Solutions, Dominion Business Solutions / DX1, Travel Media and Franchise and Business Opportunity divisions. Our B2C web and mobile applications include Homes.com, HotelCoupons.com, FranchiseOpportunities.com, FranchiseGator.com, Franchise.com, and BusinessBroker.net.
About 2,000 employees reside and work in our Norfolk, VA home office and in offices across the U.S. Our employees will tell you about our collaborative, innovative, team-oriented work environment, excellent career enrichment opportunities, community service opportunities, competitive earnings, and a comprehensive benefits package that includes a generous 401(k). DE is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workforce. DE is a drug-testing employer.",4.2,"Homes.com
4.2","Norfolk, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
38,Senior Machine learning scientist,-1,"Responsibilities:
Collect image/video data and clean/organize/augment them,
Build machine learning framework to train various models for camera image-based applications for autonomous driving
Implement the inference process for on-vehicle testing.
Qualification:
MS or Ph.D. in computer science or related real-world experience extensive experience in machine learning and deep learning
Experience in image/video processing and computer vision, comfortable writing code in C/C++, experience in Pytorch/Tensorflow
Familiar with motion estimation, depth estimation, image segmentation, camera pose estimation, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.0,"Black Sesame Technologies Inc
4.0","Santa Clara, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
39,"Senior Software Engineer, EvalML","$74k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx

Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company?

At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way. We want Alteryx to be recognized as much for our dynamic work culture as for our products.

About Alteryx Innovation Labs

The Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve dynamic problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we’re looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.

Position Overview

As a Senior Software Engineer on the AutoML team, you’ll be directly responsible for building a core machine learning library which powers Alteryx’s current and future products. You should be comfortable with the challenges of engineering systems for machine learning technologies, adept at software design and implementation, and readily able to solve complex challenges with mathematical dependencies.

Responsibilities
Maintain and improve the quality and performance of the AutomML package
Design, build and validate new machine learning pipelines
Author new features, from conception and design to implementation and testing
Integrate AutoML with other products and services
Promote a culture of rigorous software development practice and high quality standards
Be part of a dynamic, friendly and ambitious team with technical influence throughout Alteryx and beyond
***The company will not provide sponsorship for work visas or other employment authorization for this position***

Required Qualifications
Minimum 3 years experience as a software engineer
Experience writing production-quality code in Python
Experience with a broad variety of machine learning algorithms
Understanding of the math which powers machine learning and data analysis in general
Experience with data-related Python tools like NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, and Dask
Experience with debugging complex software issues and mathematical systems
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with AutoML algorithms and products
Experience with performance testing machine learning systems
Experience with API design
Experience building systems for distributed computation
Benefits & Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
40,Senior Data Scientist,"$89k-$149k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Senior Data Scientist independently develops statistical models that will enable future growth and profitability for our book of business through appropriate pricing and underwriting of risk. He/she is responsible for the formulation of statistical models and direct application of models to address insurance business issues. You will start your Senior Data Scientist role at home and then transition to working in our Woodbridge, NJ office when it reopens.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Produces complex predictive models which enable the creation of rating plans and evaluation of risk and profitability.
Develops studies that evaluate new business models for customer retention and growth initiatives as well as estimate the lifetime value of customer segments.
Identifies drivers of insurance costs, understanding the economics of customers’ behavior and estimating the expected losses for segments of risks using advanced statistical and analytical techniques on large data sets.
Develop or participate in the development of the overall analytical framework to support the company’s strategy for growth
Communicates analysis, strategy and recommendations to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical.
Collaborates with upper management to assess the potential effects of proposed solutions and incorporates these considerations into recommendations.
Manages projects of high complexity.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned.
Advanced skills and training in predictive modeling, data mining and other quantitative and research analytics (Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees, Non Parametric estimations, etc.).
Ability to apply various predictive modeling techniques to develop solutions to various real-world problems.
Hands-on experience developing and delivering structured, methodology projects.
Exceptional programming ability in SAS, SQL, R or other programming languages.
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills.
In-depth understanding of database principles and experience working with large databases.
Ability to influence and guide across departmental boundaries.
Qualifications and Education
3 or more years of experience developing and implementing multivariate predictive models using GLM and other statistical methods. PhD in economics, statistics, or related field required.
Or in the alternative, a Master’s degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field (foreign educational equivalent accepted) and five (5) years of experience as indicated above.
High level of organizational and project management experience handling multiple projects simultaneously
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Woodbridge, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
41,Senior ML/CV/AI Software Engineer,-1,"_[Please only apply if you have *at least 5 years of experience* as a SWE and if *you have a BSc or MSc in Computer Science / Software Engineering*. Please don't apply if you graduated recently or are about to graduate, we'll have other openings for these roles soon.]_

At Skyways we are building a new form of air transportation -- some people call it the flying car. We believe large unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) represent a unique opportunity to move things and ultimately people in new, more efficient ways. Skyways is an early stage VC funded startup based near Austin TX. We were part of *YCombinator*, S17 batch.

We are growing and looking for *a senior Software Engineer* specialized in *Machine Learning / Computer Vision / AI* to join our team. You are excited about things that fly and you want to advance the future of our civilization by working on new fundamental ways to go from A to B. You are excited about joining a startup. You are able to think in abstract ways, come up with solutions to tough engineering challenges, and you are willing to implement and work directly on the aircraft. You are comfortable with extremely fast-paced environments and limited budgets.
Responsibilities*
take ownership of *computer vision* related projects at Skyways
*collect training data, set up training pipelines, produce models*, rinse and repeat
invent, design new systems and go through *design review* process
reason about your decisions based on data (experiments, math/science)
maintain a clean codebase doing *code reviews, writing tests, using CI*
promote software engineering best practices, and develop processes for the long term
ship software to *production* (i.e. our aircraft but also network-based applications), systems integration, and be an SRE
work with *flight ops to test your software* and iterate/improve at an insane speed
Hard requirements*
BSc. or MSc. (preferred) in Computer Science / Software Engineering
Graduated before 2015
at least 5 years of experience as a Software Engineer
at least 3 years of experience in Machine Learning / AI in particular Computer Vision
at least 3 years of experience in C++ and Python
at least 3 years of experience with code reviews, unit tests and e2e tests
generalist and able to work beyond full stack
Soft requirements*
basic EE knowledge
experience with software running onboard a vehicle/robot
experience with flight controls / control theory
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Software Engineering: 5 years (Required)
code review: 3 years (Required)
managing/leading: 1 year (Preferred)
unit and e2e testing: 3 years (Required)
aviation / space related: 2 years (Preferred)
AI / ML / CV: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Manor, TX 78653 (Required)
License:
Private Pilot (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Skyways,"Manor, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
42,Big Data Engineer - Chicago - Future Opportunity,"$71k-$129k
(Glassdoor Est.)","ABOUT US

Are you ready to transform an industry? At Centro we are building a comprehensive tech platform that radically increases efficiencies and impact across businesses, teams, and campaigns. Our clients can run all their digital business through Basis, with robust business intelligence, workflow automation, search and social integrations, and the number one rated DSP.
We’re taking the digital advertising world by storm and are proud to be headquartered in the rapidly growing tech hub of Chicago, with offices that span across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and London. Join us in our mission to improve the lives of everyone working in the industry!
WHY WORK WITH US?
At Centro, we believe that lasting success is achieved through continual dedication to the growth and well-being of the individual. Our people are the core of what makes Centro unique. Driven by the Centro Manifesto and our guiding principles, we look to hire the best and brightest minds—curious, passionate learners who are driven to create impact.
We are committed to building a culture of highly motivated individuals who create a positive and supportive environment together. When we work hard, stay focused, and act in service to others, we believe that anything is possible. Come grow with us!

ABOUT THE TEAM

Technology is at the core of what we do. Centro’s innovative Engineering team designs and develops new features and integrations for Basis, our industry-leading, comprehensive software solution. Our platform processes over 300 billion events per day and uses AI and machine learning to automate and simplify the entire digital campaign process.

This team is all about data—and in order to create value from the massive amount of data we collect, engineering leverages their dynamic Data Engineering, Data Science, and Business Intelligence teams to create insights that benefit the industry as a whole.

Our Tech Stack:
• Ruby, Java, Python, and React.js
• Kubernetes, Docker, Kafka
• PostgreSQL, NoSQL
• AWS

Ways You’ll Contribute
We are looking for engineers who are excited about building distributed data pipelines. We want you to help us shape our internal and external brand-new data warehouses, leveraging the latest advances of big data processing: a combination of Kafka Streams, Hadoop, and traditional RDBMS. You will also contribute by:

Implementing scalable, fault tolerant and accurate ETL pipelines that work in a distributed Hadoop environment.
Developing platform services to operate the big data applications at scale.
Gathering and processing raw data at scale from diversified sources into Hadoop.
Building enterprise business analytics and reporting applications on Hadoop.

What You Bring to the Table
Solid understanding of distributed system fundamentals.
Experience in developing, troubleshooting, diagnosing, and performance tuning of distributed data pipelines at scale.
Demonstrated professional experience working with various components of Big Data ecosystem: Spark/Spark Streaming, Hive, Kafka/KSQL, Hadoop (or similar NoSQL ecosystem), et. al, in a production system.
Strong software engineering skills with Python.
Knowledge of some flavor of SQL (MySQL, Oracle, Hive, Impala), including the fundamentals of data modeling and performance.
Bonus Points
Skills in real-time streaming applications.
Knowledge of Scala.
A development workflow using Docker containers.
Compulsion for automating your day-to-day processes.
LIFE WITH CENTRO

We take care of our people. Our team has put together a thoughtful benefits package and provides a wide range of perks, including competitive 401k matching, a tax-free health savings account, tuition reimbursement, generous maternity/paternity leave, and more.

Aside from benefits, we’re always finding new ways to invest in the personal and professional growth our employees. We’re proud to support a variety of employee-led communities that enrich our culture of uniqueness, inclusivity, and empowerment. Centro is more than a workplace.

Centro is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and support an inclusive workplace diverse in thought, perspective and culture. We celebrate all team members regardless of gender/identity, sexual orientation, race or cultural background, religion, physical disability and age. We are better together.",3.9,"Centro
3.9","Chicago, IL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
43,Machine Learning Engineer,"$81k-$148k
(Glassdoor Est.)","This is Us:
We have a bold vision to connect 25 million vehicles by 2025.
Our customers come first. We lead through innovation. We win as one. We act with integrity.
We adhere to our brand promise – to make the complex simple, the future predictable, and our customers successful.
With nearly 4 million connected vehicles today, Spireon is an exciting player in the growing Connected Car and Internet of Things (IoT) technology categories. We help people and businesses track and protect their most important assets with vehicle intelligence solutions that gather Big Data and provide the critical insights with easy-to-use dashboards and apps.

This is You:

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to design and build Convolutional Neural Networks for Smart Sensors. Spireon develops computer vision based smart sensors to detect environment and reports for the transportation sector. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will implement CNN algorithms to run on smart sensors.. You must be able to work across multiple teams to ensure project objectives are met.

Responsibilities:
Design and develop algorithms for challenging vision classification and detections problems
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Implementation of Computer Vision and ML algorithms
Collect data and analyze real world data
Deploy ML systems (inference at the edge), monitor metrics
Prototyping ML algorithms
Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions
Keep up to date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Requirements:
Must have solid foundation general machine learning systems
Must have experience in Convolutional Neural Networks Classification, Object Detection, Segmentation.
Must have experience in Computer vision, image processing.
Must have Programming / scripting experience with languages such as Python
Must have experience working with machine learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn)
Highly Desired: Programming language experience with C / C++
Highly Desired: Experience with Embedded systems
Highly Desired: Experience with OpenCV
Experience working with AWS Sagemaker
Experience working with AWS S3
Rewards:
Winner of 2019, 2018 IoT Innovator Awards & 2017, 2018 Stevie Award for Customer Excellence
Work with the Best and Brightest Technical Talent
Stable, High Growth and Profitable Company
Comprehensive Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Plan)
Wellness, Professional Development and Spireon University
Virtual Happy Hours, Team Building Events, Hackathons
Employee Discounts on Spireon Products and Services",3.8,"Spireon
3.8","Irvine, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
44,Senior Software Engineer (Machine Learning),"$119k-$208k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Technical professionals are defined by what they create. Samsung has the risk-taking corporate culture, strategic R&D investments and global know-how to imagine, develop and market products that lead the industry. Millions of people all over the world use our products every day to work, to communicate and to enjoy. The Samsung Display America Lab (SDAL), located in San Jose, California, is currently recruiting world-class engineers who want to shape the future smart display technology and thrive in a fast-paced, results-driven environment. At SDAL you will get the best of both worlds – you will have the creative start-up environment to research leading-edge technologies while your projects have the potential to translate to real products. You’ll also collaborate with Samsung Display Korea and other R&D labs in Silicon Valley and around the world.

*******************************************************************************
Responsibilities
Participate in cutting edge research in machine learning for Industrial AI applications.
Apply expert software development skills to a wide range of ML-related coding projects
Develop solutions for real world problems
Qualifications:
MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related technical discipline.
8+ years of experience in software development with machine learning
Expertise and experience in time series analysis and data mining.
Expertise and experience is learning algorithms (statistical modeling and regression analysis, feature extraction and selection, multilinear subspace learning, deep learning)
Excellent programming skills in Python and/or C++.
Prior working experience in Scikit-learn, Statsmodels, and deep learning frameworks (Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras and/or Mxnet).
High levels of creativity and quick problem solving capabilities
Proven track record of achieving significant results
Good communication skills, able to clearly articulate the problem statements and the solution approach
Desired Skills:
PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related technical discipline
4+ years of experience applying machine learning to solve real-world problems
Experience in computer vision (feature extraction, segmentation, color, shape and texture analysis, object detection). Specific computer vision skills in object detection, and classification is plus.
Experience in adapting standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU)
Experience working with large volumes of real-world noisy image data
A willingness to dive deep, experiment rapidly and get things done
#LI-ML1
*************************************************************************************
Samsung Semiconductor Inc. (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays.

**************************************************************************************
A day in the life Samsung Video: http://bit.ly/1saHOGu

Click here to visit our Samsung Semiconductor Career Page

*************************************************************************************",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
45,Machine Learning Engineer,"$118k-$201k
(Glassdoor Est.)","With the continued impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, Kensho is conducting all interviews and on-boarding activities remotely. At the present time, all employees are working remotely, until further notice. When the time comes to open our offices, Kensho will fully support those employees who would like to continue working remotely and not ask anyone to return to the office until they are comfortable.

At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the freedom, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products for our parent company, S&P Global. As a result, we produce technology that is scalable, robust, and solves the challenges of one of the world’s largest, most successful financial institutions.

As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for tackling a wide range of problems from natural language processing to timeseries prediction. You will move beyond the theoretical confines of academia and apply your tradecraft to build machine learning systems on real world data. In this role, you will constantly collaborate and work with groups of engineers. Our Machine Learning team is responsible for delivering ML-based solutions from problem framing, to prototyping, and production application.
Are you looking to make impactful, scalable contributions that transform the way we think about data? If so, we would love to help you excel here at Kensho. We take pride in our tightly-knit, team-based community that provides our Kenshins with a collaborative, supportive environment to bring transparency to the biggest challenges in data.
What You’ll Do
You will conduct original research on large proprietary and open source data sets
Identify, research, prototype, and build predictive products
You will build cutting-edge models for understanding vast amounts of textual data
Write production code
You will write tests to ensure the robustness and reliability of your productionized models
You will work closely with software engineers to build incredible systems
Technologies You’ll Use
Python and specifically NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, SciKit-learn
Neural network packages like TensorFlow/Keras and pytorch
ML packages like LightGBM and XGBoost
OpenFST
Elasticsearch
Required Skills, Knowledge & Experience
You have 3+ years of experience being a major machine learning contributor at a top company, hedge fund, or university
You have at least one core programming expertise, such as Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas), MATLAB, or R
You have experience with advanced machine learning methods
You possess strong statistical knowledge, intuition, and experience modeling real data
You demonstrate effective coding, documentation, and communication habits
You have a strong research acumen and experiment design skills
You have the ability and credibility to lead a team
You have a stellar ability to communicate even the most complicated methods and results to a broad, often non-technical audience
Several of the following terms should hold deep meaning for you: LSTM, lookahead bias, bagging, boosting, stacking, information retrieval, batch norm, entity recognition, bootstrapping, Glorot initialization, Kullback-Leibler divergence, GLOVE, SMAPE, HMM, MAP, exponential family, VC dimension, EM, L1, TD(Lambda)
How to Really Get Our Attention
Your GitHub/Kaggle profile shows a project or problems you’ve tackled
You have relevant research or publications
You are a specialist in deep learning in an academic setting or production-grade machine learning


At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:
- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
- 100% company paid premiums
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- 18 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)
- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching
- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities
- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences
- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches
- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)
- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) or Equinox membership (LA, NYC)
- Stipend towards commuter or gym reimbursement
- Bike sharing program memberships
- Compassion leave and elder care leave
- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities
- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events
About Kensho
Kensho uses machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and data visualization techniques to solve some of the hardest analytical problems and create breakthrough financial intelligence solutions for our parent company, S&P Global.
Kensho was founded in 2013 by Harvard & MIT alums and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"Kensho
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
46,Data Scientist,"$89k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

The Data Scientist is responsible for leading the design, development, and implementation of advanced quantitative models to evaluate the ITSM environment and to inform a variety of strategic and tactical business decisions. The Data Scientist works collaboratively across the service delivery teams and MSI to build and drive recommendations that translate into practical, measurable actionable insight and process improvements.

What Youll Get to Do:
Builds queries to monitor the IT Service Delivery environment to analyze demand, usage, and performance
Uses data analytics to provide actionable, timely and accurate reporting to improve service delivery, infrastructure management and proactive problem and incident management.
Works with the Service Providers, retained IT, and management teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performance
Lead Technical Exchange Meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reporting
Apply the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendations
Evaluate, analysis and interpret data to develop recommendations for service and process improvement
Lead a team of data analysts to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Define and deliver a solution to clean-up data and provide the appropriate level of data hygiene
Analyze complex data schema (tables, reference, relationships) from multiple data sources/platforms
Define new data collection and analysis processes
Design and develop approaches leading to data automation, integration processes, and improvements
Normalize and redesign existing data schema according to requirements, business direction, and commercial best practices
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Minimum of 5 years experience in the designing data models and conducting statistical data analysis, data manipulation, data visualization, and value modeling and simulations
B.S. in Mathematics, Computer Science or Engineering
A strong understanding of IT Service Management delivery
Experience developing and implementing data dashboards, data automation, and reporting systems to convert data into actionable information
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities
Significant experience with conceptual, logical and physical data modeling
ITIL Foundations certification
Excellent communication skills effectively translating data analysis concepts to a business audience
TS/SCI with Poly
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
M.S. in Statistics, Data Analysis or Information Technology
Experience with the ServiceNow toolset
Hands-on knowledge working with modeling tools: Tableau, Lime Survey, Strata, VBA, and SPSS
ITIL Intermediate Certifications
BITS3

allspark

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.",3.7,"CACI International
3.7","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1962,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
47,Software Engineer (Machine Learning),"$123k-$159k
(Glassdoor Est.)","# Who are we?

As a new industry alternative for independent artists, UnitedMasters provides premium music distribution services and facilitates unique partnerships between artists and the world’s biggest brands. We enable artists to maintain full ownership over their master recording rights while introducing them to millions of new fans worldwide through our direct brand partnerships.

The UnitedMasters team is made up of musicians, marketers, engineers and storytellers with backgrounds from YouTube, SoundCloud, Pandora, Facebook, Dropbox, Complex, VICE and more. We work hand in hand with the award-winning creative teams that forge those innovative partnerships at Translation.

# What's the role?
Define and implement the next generation of UnitedMaster’s products to help meet and exceed our business objectives
Apply problem-solving and expert software development skills to a wide range of ML-related coding projects
Adapt machine learning techniques from domains such as Vision and Speech to build intelligent user experiences
Participate in design and code reviews
Interact with other team members to incorporate their innovations and vice versa• Identify and communicate best practices for software engineering

# Qualifications
Degree (Bachelors, Masters, or Ph.D) in Computer Science or a related field
Experience in applying machine learning techniques to computer vision and speech recognition domains.
Experience in C++, Java, Perl, PHP, or Python
Experience in a statistical programming language such as R,
Experience with relational databases and SQL
Experience with web technologies: JavaScript, XHTML, CSS
High levels of creativity and quick problem solving capabilities
B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or related field
3+ Years of experience in applying machine learning techniques to computer vision and speech recognition domains.",2.7,"UnitedMasters
2.7","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Music Production & Distribution,Media,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
48,Digital Signal Processing Engineer,-1,"Digital Signal Processing Engineer

Due to security requirements, all positions require US Citizenship and the ability to obtain and maintain a US Government Security Clearance of Top Secret or higher.

At Expedition Technology, we push the boundaries of what is possible every day. Our engineers excel in tackling traditional signal processing problems and creating novel solutions using machine learning/deep learning algorithms. We are one of a very few companies that has been successful in employing deep learning to traditional signal processing. Our collaborative culture is conducive to researching and developing the cutting-edge solutions our DOD and IC customers seek.

We are currently seeking like-minded engineers and developers to join our growing team. A successful candidate will have the privilege of driving research and development activities to enable automated machine learning techniques to detect, demodulate and exploit signals in complicated environments. Emphasis includes software defined radio design and development, spectrum analysis and channelization, adaptive beamforming, channel equalization, waveform analysis, signal coding and decoding.

Position Requirements:
Experience and understanding of Detection & Estimation Theory
In depth understanding of spectral estimation, digital communication theory and/or information theory (need not have all three)
Prior experience with adaptive filtering and interference mitigation in challenging environments
Interest in extending state-of-the-art machine learning and deep learning research to traditional signal processing problems
Experience with some or all of the following: C, C++, Python, MatLab (Python preferred)
Bachelors degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or similar
Candidates holding active US Government clearances are highly desired- must at least be eligible to obtain a TS/SCI or higher
US Citizenship is required
Interested in joining our team? Lets explore together!

Expedition Technology is an IBA company that offers self-directed, company-paid, comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance, PTO, 401k with up to 12% company match, equity shares (SARs), student loan repayment options and a generous tuition reimbursement program. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
49,FCC Data Scientist,"$73k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Requisition Number:
4199

Job Title:
FCC Data Scientist

Location City:
Miami Lakes

Location State:
Florida

Job Description:
Summary: The FCC Analytics group is responsible for the development and management of the BSA/AML, Fraud and Quality Control analytics functions. The group tunes the financial crimes models dedicated to the detection of suspicious activity and fraudulent transactions as well as those designed to risk rate customers and screen against OFAC designated lists. Additionally, the group manages application related implementations, maintenance and enhancements and the development of reporting and visual analytics used for investigations, KPI tracking, quarterly reporting and annual risk assessments.

The primary purpose of this position is to assist with the management of the Fraud and BSA/AML models related to transaction monitoring, customer risk rating, OFAC fuzzy logic filtering, and transactional fraud mitigation strategies. The individual that fulfills this position must understand the general dynamics of model risk management as set forth by OCC guidelines. Furthermore, the candidate must also have experience with SQL, quantitative stat based analytics (such as standard deviation, percentile distributions, k-means, clustering, etc.), model forecasting and reporting analytics (including visual and flowchart modeling) amongst other skill sets around management of information systems. Requires basic commercial awareness.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: While other duties and special projects may be assigned, the primary duties and responsibilities include the following:
Conduct assessments of models and provide reports detailing the current state of data feeds, rule output at current settings, and alert outputs at alternative settings.
Utilize Oracle SQL to the extent of simulating model output.
Identify potential logic deficiencies in model outputs through cross validation of external analyses
Assist with the identification, evaluation, and development of controls to mitigate FCC risk and operational impacts.
Research, develop, prototype and test new models and their related inputs.
Assist with annual FCC model tuning and optimization efforts in line with regulatory expectations to meet false-positive and detection rate criteria; performs quantitative analysis on the alert output of each tuning cycle (able to prepare reports detailing forecast results).
Perform model management reviews for the ongoing assessment of model suitability against emerging risk.
Assist with data integrity and validation testing on FCC projects including software implementations, operational enhancements related to efficiency gains, and other special projects as needed including the coordination of software updates in collaboration with the Bank's IT Department and or Project Management Office.
Support manager with resolving of open issues and/or defects involving applications used by the FCC Department including the identification of issues, tracking, escalation, testing, and resolution.
Maintain business definitions in the form of a data dictionary for all department managed models.
Prepare reports in a manner that is clear and comprehensible to FCC supervisors/managers, internal auditors and regulatory examiners.
Communicate production issues with key stakeholders such as business lines, FCC management team, and the IT Department.
Create documentation and provide technical training to business users as needed (this includes training post model tuning deployments and on new enhancements).
If necessary, effectively communicate with the business lines in order to obtain the necessary information and documentation to complete model improvements.
Handle a large workload with the ability to complete the tasks correctly and efficiently within the designated timeframes exercising discretion in setting priorities.
Communicate effectively to different audiences, including both business and technical parties.
Possess a general understanding of banking with respect to BSA/AML and Fraud risks.
Perform any other assignments as directed by manager.

EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related field.
At least 3 years working with data modeling, software implementation, enhanced reporting analytics or related experience preferably with a financial institution.
Advanced experience with data mining/analytical tools such as R and Python
Strong knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL), Oracle programming language, data mining techniques, and Business Intelligence Tools
Strong database skills, including working with advanced data sets, pivot tables, advanced database and statistical functions and methods
Experience visualizing data using tools such as Tableau
Experience with developing and implementing Fraud and BSA/AML risk strategies in decision engines, detection tools and onboarding platforms.",3.1,"BankUnited
3.1","Miami Lakes, FL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
50,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,"$49k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
51,Manufacturing Engineer - CM,"$40k-$83k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are a global leader in the irrigation, outdoor lighting, dispensing technology, and custom manufacturing industries. Driving our continued success is the combined energy and talents of the nearly 3,000 people on our team. Together, we create a diverse array of products that can be seen all over the world, from residential landscapes to national landmarks, stadiums, parks, hotels, and municipal buildings. Although we’re global, we’re family owned, and our casual, fun, and caring company culture is what makes this a special place to work. As we grow, we are dedicated to preserving our unique culture that makes our employees proud to work here. Whether you’re pursuing a career at our headquarters in Southern California, or an opportunity at one of our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, or something somewhere in between, we look forward to welcoming you to Hunter Industries and our Family of Companies.
About This Role:
The Contract Manufacturing Engineer identifies and implements manufacturing processes, procedures, and projects focused on minimizing product cost, improving product quality, and maintaining product availability for assigned product lines. S/he works on projects across multiple departments that are aligned with the organization’s strategic objectives.
Demonstrates behavior that is consistent with the company’s values of Customer Satisfaction, Innovation, Family, and Social Responsibility.
Essential Job Functions/Tasks:
1. Responsible for the resolution of manufacturing issues of assigned product lines that affect product quality and/or availability. Develops and coordinates the necessary processes and sustaining engineering protocols to ensure manufacturing operational efficiencies. Maintains manufacturing-related documentation and production reports that define key metrics and outline current activities.
2. Uses lean manufacturing practices and Six Sigma methodology to evaluate and improve assembly line performance per established key performance indicators. Implements improvement processes to ensure that projects are justifiable, on schedule and within budget.
3. Manages progress of new and modified molds and assembly equipment for assigned product lines throughout qualification process. Ensures that the mold/assembly equipment meets established manufacturing capacity and utilization requirements.
4. Provides manufacturing engineering support for complete integration of new products into full production per the organization’s New Product Development and Introduction (NPDI) process. Provides focus on delivering a repeatable process with high quality yield. Supports the concurrent engineering effort on behalf of manufacturing as a member of the product development team.
5. Maintains updated capacity models for both injection molds and assembly equipment for assigned product lines. Submits capital requests as required to insure timely completion of equipment to meet forecasted production. Provides capital requirements for annual budgeting process.
6. Leads or supports cost reduction projects including qualification of new vendors for materials or parts. Participates in test plan development and execution.
Other Job Functions:
Performs other related tasks as assigned, some of which may become essential to the position.
Hunter Industries’ approach to the health and safety of each employee is based on adherence to our Injury and Illness Prevention Program (IIPP). Every employee is responsible for their safety and must work safely at all times. Employees are to immediately report all unsafe or hazardous conditions, including injuries and near misses to their Supervisor, Environmental Health& Safety Department, or Workers’ Compensation Manager. Those employees who do not comply with safe work practices may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Education/Training Required:
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or related field.
Experience Required:
Minimum of one year of engineering experience within a manufacturing organization.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA's):
KSA #1: Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. Knowledge of LEAN Manufacturing& Six-Sigma methodology techniques and how to apply them in the manufacturing environment.
KSA #2: Ability to speak and write effectively as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in the English language, with strong report-writing and presentation skills.
KSA #3: Excellent computer knowledge, including strong proficiency in Microsoft Office programs.
KSA #4: Strong logic and reasoning skills to identify the strengths and weaknesses within processes.
KSA #5: Excellent organizational and time management skills, and the ability to work within time lines.
KSA #6: Excellent judgment and decision-making skills, with the ability to consider the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.
KSA #7: Must be able to travel domestically and internationally, and work flexible hours to visit supplier facilities worldwide. Ability to obtain a valid passport if necessary.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA's) Preferred:
KSA #8: Knowledge of assembly of electronics and injection molded plastic components.
KSA #9: Knowledge of SPC, FMEA, DOE and process capability studies.
KSA #10: Experience with irrigation products and/or industry.
Physical Demands:
Ability to sit to use a computer, attend meetings, evaluate work stations and assembly ergonomics issues.
Ability to work in a variety of positions (bending, kneeling and crouching) to gain access to the lower areas of machines in the facility.
Ability to climb stairs to gain access to upper levels of the facility.
Ability to carry material, fixtures, tools, equipment weighing up to 60 pounds.
Finger dexterity sufficient to use standard measuring equipment and a computer.
Visual acuity sufficient to use standard measuring equipment and a computer, and to read written material.
Work Environment:
Office with carpeted floor and temperature controls. Production area with tile floor and temperature controls.
Various inside locations with varying temperatures and floor surfaces.
Follow us on LinkedIn, check out our rave reviews on Glassdoor, and learn more about our company culture on our career site:http://corporate.hunterindustries.com/careers",4.3,"Hunter Industries
4.3","San Marcos, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
52,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ADVANCED INSPECTION SYSTEMS,"$58k-$101k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Leverage embedded development, machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data techniques to advanced analysis and development of high reliability software and custom sensing technologies.

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Develop technical solutions for high reliability software and custom sensing applications.
Promote developed solutions in technical industry through conference presentations and/or research paper publications.
For more information about the position see:
https://www.swri.org/leak-detection
https://www.swri.org/industries/machine-learning-technologies
https://www.swri.org/industry/chemical-analysis-services/mass-spec-data-analysis

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors or a Masters or a PhD with a 3.00 GPA in BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or other related disciplines.
0-5 years in software development or engineering
Course work or experience in more than one of the following: embedded systems, signal processing, machine learning/artificial intelligence, FPGA development, sensors and instrumentation, Python Programming
Strong software skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills required
Ability to work in project team environments and independently
Excellent problem-solving skills and driven by challenging problems
Aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
53,(Sr.) Data Scientist -,-1,"Thursday, June 11, 2020

Merrick Bank is a top-25 credit card issuer and merchant acquirer in the VISA/MasterCard networks, and a major recreational vehicle lender.
The Bank is a Utah Financial Institution and a member of the FDIC.

At Merrick Bank, we specialize in credit programs that assist people looking to build or rebuild their credit. We are FDIC insured and recognized as a top-20 issuer of Visa® cards. In total, we proudly serve over 2.4 million cardholders and have extended over $5.3 billion in credit.

Our Mission is to make a positive difference in the lives of our customers, our employees, and our community. We work hard to create a work environment that empowers our associates to grow, learn, and reach their potential.

This position is a member (or, a senior member, depending upon qualifications) of the Data Science and Modeling team, and will support and work with other members of the team to produce the models, reports, and analysis as required for the bank. Data science, machine learning and statistical programming are the core competencies of the position, but in addition, the applicant should work well with others, have a desire to learn, be self-motivated, and have excellent communication and presentation skills.

REQUIRED SKILLS, ABILITIES, KNOWLEDGE, AND EXPERIENCE:
Master's degree in a relevant quantitative field, or a bachelor’s degree with a significant amount of relevant work experience.
Firm knowledge of statistical theory, data science, or machine learning algorithms is a requirement.
Expertise with R or Python is required.
Experience with any of the following computer languages is also desirable: CUDA, FORTRAN or C/C++, SAS, SQL, Unix shell scripting, or LaTeX.
Experience with HPC (High Performance Computing), or Parallel Computing would be a plus. Experience with SLURM would be outstanding.
Experience in the banking industry, specifically in credit cards, is not necessary, but would be desirable.


PRIMARY DUTIES:
Statistical programming, model development and implementation.
Communicating results, both verbally and in writing.
Work both individually and in a collaborative manner with a team.
Designing, validating, and improving data driven decision making processes and strategies.
Building key metrics and modeling reports for communication with executives.
Compliant with Laws & Regulations.

What’s in it for you:

Competitive salary (DOE)

Benefits package -Medical, Dental and Vision (plus much more)

401(k) Plan with Company Match

Short & Long Term Disability

Group Life and AD&D Insurance

Paid Vacation, Holidays, and Personal Days

Employee Events, including Employee Appreciation Day, Holiday Party, etc.

Tuition Reimbursement Program
Candidates must have unrestricted authority to work in the
United States without sponsorship.

Merrick Bank is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability,
veteran status, and other legally protected characteristic. The EEO is the
Law poster is available here: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm

Please go to our website www.merrickbank.com to apply and learn more about our company

We are an equal opportunity employer. Merrick Bank will do a thorough background check for all hires. This includes a review of your personal credit history, drug testing, background check, and employment/personal references. A good credit history is important.

Other details
Job Family
Account Acquisition & Data Science
Pay Type
Salary",3.5,"Merrick Bank
3.5",Utah,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
54,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence - Intermediate,"$59k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311093

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing and Analytics

Group: Data Sciences and Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.

+ Publication record in scientific conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelor's degree with 2 years of experience, a Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or a PhD with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Computation and Information Sciences_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
55,Data Scientist,"$79k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientists

Job Description
Join an elite group dedicated to continuous personal improvement as GCT is currently seeking Data Scientists of all levels to support an intelligence agency with insights gained from analyzing voluminous sensor data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Candidates must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Clearance: TS/SCI w/Full scope polygraph (or used within the past 24 months)

Education/Experience Requirements

Senior Positions:
Masters degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, or extensive comparable experience
10+ years of relevant experience
Junior/Intermediate Positions
Completed B.S. in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a closely related technical field
3-9 years of relevant experience
Qualifications
Experience using statistical computer languages (SAS, SPSS, R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights fromlarge data sets
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong problem solving skills
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques
Desired Skills
Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, Bayes, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, AWS, etc.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, etc.
The success of Great-Circle Technologies depends on the success and well-being of its employees. GCT promotes work/life balance and encourages the overall well-being of each of its contributors. A comprehensive benefits package is provided, which currently includes company paid single medical, dental, life, disability, and long-term care insurances (with contributions to family premiums,) matching 401k plan, 34 days off per year including 10 Federal holidays plus the day after Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year’s eves!

Join us at Great-Circle Technologies, where innovation is the shortest distance between two points.

Great-Circle Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Great-Circle Technologies ensures all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, ethnic background, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, or protected veteran status.",2.2,"Great-Circle Technologies
2.2","Chantilly, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
56,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Hi - we’re Topaz Labs. We create AI-powered software that solves photographers’ biggest problems like one-click noise reduction, super-simple masking, and pixel-perfect image upscaling. Tens of thousands of paid customers use our technology every day, ranging from amateur photographers to major Hollywood movie studios. Our AI image enhancement technology has been recognized in Fast Company, The Verge, Engadget, Ars Technica, and more.

We’re looking for a mid to senior-level Deep Learning Researcher to help us accelerate our technology development. Although your scope will later expand, you’ll start with owning R&D for one of our primary products Sharpen AI:
Develop and integrate better deep-learning models in three areas: shake reduction, focus correction, and general sharpening
Lead development on supplemental AI features like auto-masking or model selection
Explore new model research and development for sharpening images
We’re looking for a pretty specific person for this role - someone with a high work ethic, intellectual humility, and a shipping mentality. We’re a small company with a high-visibility and high-performance culture, so you will work with a high degree of impact and autonomy. This is an ideal role for an excellent ML researcher whose primary motivation is to see their work in the hands of thousands of real users.
Technical requirements
Prior key contributor to significant deep learning projects for image manipulation or enhancement
Significant prior experience with CNNs and other common computer vision network architectures
2 years of intensive hands-on experience with TensorFlow or other ML frameworks
Good understanding of common image processing algorithms
Proficient in C/C++, OpenCV.
Well-read on major recent research papers in deep learning for image or video enhancement
PhD preferred, but may consider MS or BS in Computer Science / Engineering
Our technology advantage has already driven 10% month-over-month active user growth for our company. This is a great opportunity for the perfect person to accelerate our technology and growth even further. Your compensation will be tied directly to the performance of the company. We’re also proud to offer 100% covered platinum-level medical/dental/vision for employees, 15 days annual PTO plus holidays, and 401k matching.",3.9,"Topaz Labs
3.9","Dallas, TX",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
57,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Machine Learning Engineer*
Are you obsessed with software and machine learning? Looking to work with an awesome team in a modern, successful software company? Geisel Software, based in Worcester, Massachusetts, is a premier software developer that is working with and creating today's hottest software technologies. We are looking for a motivated individual to join our team, learn new technology, and help us build some great software!

Geisel Software develops web, mobile and embedded software, with a focus on robotics, medical devices, and machine learning. We seek a talented individual who is not afraid to work hard, learn something new and get lots of stuff done. We have a helpful staff, but it is also important that you can work independently and solve problems with little outside direction. Your problem-solving skills will be put to the test, whether that means tracking down the answer on Google, or building your own new solution.
Here's what we work with regularly*
TensorFlow and OpenCV
Robotic Simulation with ROS, RVIZ, and Unreal Engine
LAMP - Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP
iPhone/Android application development
Embedded Development in C/C++ (Arm or x86)
Web Frontend (AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Scripting Languages (Python, BASH, or other)
Web Technologies - HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON
Linux - As a user at least, but also administration and kernel development
Web Frameworks - Django, Codeigniter
Agile and Waterfall design methodologies
Embedded platforms (Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, OMAP, etc.)
Here’s what we require*
You're passionate about software development -- it's what you do even in your free time.
1 - ∞ years of experience with C, C++ and/or Python.
Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field (PHD highly preferred).
Willingness and ability to write software as part of a team as well as work on ground-breaking machine learning IP. This role will be a mix of both!
Good software foundational skills: CS theory; clean, well-documented code; collaborative style; solid algorithms understanding; mastery of more than one language.
An aptitude for learning new platforms and technologies on the fly. We’re constantly working on new projects that will push you and keep you always learning new technologies.
Able to take ownership of a project and independently architect, execute and troubleshoot it through completion and customer delivery.
Actively pursuing new knowledge and technologies. If you’re a web frontend guru, are you building your backend skills? If you’re an embedded developer, are you developing apps for Android or iOS?
Already comfortable on Linux. You can be a Windows/Mac pro, but you'll be doing at least 50% of your development on Linux. You should be comfortable with that.
Willing to commute to Worcester, MA (Note: Ability to temporarily work remotely during this trying time of COVID-19).
Looking for full-time employment.
Must be a US Person.
Here’s what we would prefer*
ROS or other robot operating system experience.
An educational focus in Machine Learning and Data Science.
Published work in the field of machine learning.
Robotic simulation and 3D game engine knowledge (Godot, Unreal, Unity, RVIZ, Drake).
Any experience with physical modeling would be a plus.
What you’ll get*
An opportunity to work with the latest technologies across a variety of platforms.
A fun, exciting work environment focused on the results, not the politics.
An experienced team and mentor who can help you grow in your craft and career.
A position with a growing company, offering competitive benefits and salary.
Apply now*
E-mail us at *jobs*@*geisel.software* and *include your resume and a brief cover letter* explaining why you think you'd be a great fit at Geisel Software. We'd love to hear about what you've done with technologies we're using, or other projects you've worked on. What do you think you’re really good at and why? What have you done outside your current job to improve your craft? Why do you think you’d be a great fit?

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.geisel-software.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",5.0,"Geisel Software
5.0","Worcester, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
58,Computer Vision Software Engineer,-1,"With time, CMOS image sensor (CIS) technology has evolved with dramatic improvement over the years. Finding usage in variety of applications such as mobile devices, IoT devices and robotics, it is now feasible to integrate computer vision and machine learning into a single CMOS chip at an attractive cost/performance point.

As SK hynix America, a research facility in San Jose, we are building a CIS Research and Development team located in San Jose R&D campus. In bringing great talent together, we are building a team of pathfinders to new technological developments in computer vision processor designs and AI hardware accelerators for next-generation CMOS Image Sensors.

With SK hynix America CIS team, you will work on state-of-the-art edge device computer vision. As a founding member of the team, you will have much freedom in initiating projects, and you will be working with highly motivated team members in a start-up environment.

Responsibilities:
With strong technical background, this position should lead and/or perform architect, design and development of classical and deep learning base computer vision pipelines.
With a start-up mindset, this position requires hands-on implementation of the computer vision architectures. This positions must work closely with HW team, and sensor design team to optimize the computer vision pipeline to the specific sensors.
Focuses are design of computer vision pipeline for object detection, object recognition, object tracking, and depth sensing but not limited to these pipelines.
This position may need to build the development environment if it is necessary.
Requirements:
PhD degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related degree
Experience in working with HW team to optimize the computer vision pipeline to reduce power, chie area, and memory BW.
Experience in optimizing DNN model parameters to reduce memory size.
Experience in computer vision architecture.
Experience in computer vision algorithm with both classical method and deep learning base method.
Deep understanding in computer vision chip architecture.
Proficient in C++, Python, Tensorflow, Caffe.
Start-up mindset.",3.8,"SK hynix America
3.8","San Jose, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
59,Software Engineer,"$66k-$110k
(Employer Est.)","COMPANY SUMMARY

Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingland develops and manages enterprise-class software solutions using its Kingland Platform and teams of data and technology experts. Clients in the banking and capital markets, public accounting, insurance, and retail industries look to Kingland to create solutions to manage data, risk, compliance, customer insight and more. The Kingland Platform is a highly secure, cloud-optimized software platform that includes enterprise data management, text analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and workflow and compliance management capabilities.

Kingland is unique. While we are based in Iowa, our clients are not. We are an Iowa company with a significant global reach. We provide our employees with the opportunity to ""live locally and work globally"", combining the Iowa quality of life that we all love, with exciting opportunities to travel the world and work on large projects for large clients.

Kingland is growing. Were looking for individuals who like to tackle big challenges, want to work on mission-critical solutions, as well as desire to make a difference in the world and be rewarded for their efforts. Explore all the ways that quality of work meets quality of life at Kingland, and launch yourself on an exciting new adventure.

POSITION SUMMARY

Java. Spring. Angular. Python. PostgreSQL. AI tech. AWS. These are just a few of the technologies you'll use as a Kingland Software Engineer. Work with clients to better understand their complex and challenging problems. Design solutions using relational and columnar data stores, microservices and cloud architectures, text analytics, and more. Your work will help reinvent the way companies manage risk, compliance, and data.

If you're curious about how technology should work and enjoy solving problems, this is the right space for you. Use your creativity, share your point of view with clients and colleagues, and have enough grit to see the project to its end. It's like a puzzle. You know there are multiple ways to solve it. Every tool will be at your disposal. And you'll be able to test your ideas with experienced professionals in the organization.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES
Develop highly secure, performant and maintainable code based on software designs for Kingland Platform solutions
Leverage automated build and deploy processes to create and execute integration tests
Identify, fix and communicate defects throughout the software engineering process
Collaborate with teammates and clients, from requirements review and design to implementation, testing, deployment and triage
Grow into a role with responsibilities for creating innovative software designs and accompanying prototypes for Kingland Platform solution requirements, enabling further implementation
POSITION REQUIREMENTS
Bachelors degree and requisite experience in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering is required
BENEFITS
Included in the Kingland Career Development Program a guided program consisting of targeted learning opportunities and mentorship to assist you in career growth, personal development and opportunity for promotion and advancement at Kingland Systems.
Generous vacation and paid holidays
401(k) company match
8 hours of paid volunteer time annually
3 weeks paid parental leave after the birth or adoption of a child
Wellness reimbursement for gym memberships, equipment, and apparel
Access to free on-site fitness center in Clear Lake location
Company match of up to $1,000 annually for charitable donations
Free on-site covered parking
Access to company dining facility in Clear Lake location",3.8,"Kingland Systems
3.8","Ames, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
60,Data Engineer,"$51k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

Benefits Data Trust (BDT)
seeks a capable Data Engineer to help develop our new Google Cloud data platform and run our current data infrastructure. BDT embraces Data4Good and is a fast-growing, digitally enabled non-profit that improves benefits access for thousands of underserved people.

As part of our Data Engineering team in our Data Science department, the Data Engineer will:
Build out our new GCP data platform and collaborate on architectural patterns for it with the Data Engineering team
Support the development of machine learning models with productionizing, monitoring and alerting tools
Write, update, and maintain ETL jobs across our data pipelines (mostly in Airflow)
Implement continuous improvements using our existing tools/technologies, which include SQL, Airflow, Python, Docker/Kubernetes, and others such as Terraform and Apache Beam. May also be expected to research and select other tools when the situation demands
Collaborate with internal customers to identify ongoing platform improvements (teams including Analytics, Projects, Policy, Software Engineering, and others throughout the organization)
Consult to software engineers on data-related changes to BDT’s suite of software applications, including schema/model design, table structure, and data collection
Engage with colleagues and collaborators using curiosity, critical thinking, a drive to completion, empathy, and a focus on impact
Follow existing data access and performance design standards for the data platform, software engineering, and all products and services accessing BDT information
Based in our Center City Philadelphia office, the Data Engineer reports to the Director of Data Science.

Due to COVID-19, BDT is operating under a remote-working protocol, following governmental requirements and CDC guidelines. While this job will begin as fully remote, when BDT determines it is safe to do so based on public health recommendations, we will move back into our Centre Square office. At that time, all Philadelphia-based staff are expected to transition back into the office.

Successful candidates will demonstrate the following through their experience (typically 3-5 years as a Data Engineer):
Communication and Relationship-building – with technical peers and some stakeholders
Cloud-based Solution Implementation, of data platforms and infrastructure, including event-driven architectures, microservices and pattern design, supporting compliance and regulated environments (including PII and PHI)
Workflow and pipeline development to ensure reliability, availability, and consistency
Systems Engineering – on-system service management, typically in *nix environments
Data Modeling and Warehousing – proficient understanding of relational data structures and schemas; some familiarity with semi-structured, unstructured (big data) schemas
Automation, monitoring, and alerting – creating these tools based on existing designs and frameworks; resolving bugs and issues
Cloud engineering – working towards certification on any of the major hyperscale cloud platforms
Data Encapsulation & Transfer methodologies – understands standards for file formats and transfer methods
Also interested in relevant experience including:
o Experience with BI implementations/uplifts (we currently use Looker) and/or Data Governance models and methods
o Machine learning techniques, productionizing machine learning models, and/or creating models
About BDT

Benefits Data Trust (BDT) is a national nonprofit that helps people live healthier, more independent lives by creating smarter ways to access essential benefits and services. Each year, BDT helps tens of thousands of people receive critical supports using data, technology, targeted outreach, and policy change. Since its inception in 2005, BDT has screened more than one million households and secured over $7 billion in benefits and services. BDT employs more than 200 people and provides enrollment assistance to individuals in six states, and policy assistance to states nationwide. For more information, visit bdtrust.org.",3.3,"Benefits Data Trust
3.3","Philadelphia, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Nonprofit Organization,Social Assistance,Non-Profit,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
61,Data Scientist,-1,"Sartorius Stedim Data Analytics, a market leader in advanced analytics and provider of Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions, is on a strong growth path driving new innovative solutions in the field. It currently has an outstanding opportunity for a Data Scientist to drive customer applications, support the Sartorius sales teams and feedback customer needs into the development of new solutions. The incumbent for this key role will have a strong customer focus to help secure innovation and growth from both new and existing customers.

What you can look forward to
Assisting customers in solving business related problems using advanced data analysis and data driven technologies
Supporting implementation of advanced analytics in industry
Analyzing large amounts of data and building data driven models
Initiating, leading and driving customer projects
Training customers on the use of our software
Supporting sales (pre/post)
Supporting marketing & development
Performing regular follow up with customers to track satisfaction, secure project momentum and discover additional opportunities
Creating technical documents
Attending and presenting at conferences, seminars and forums
Developing & cultivating strong relationships with external and internal stakeholders
Being part of a team of data scientists
Skills and experience
Minimum of a bachelor's degree (master’s degree preferred) in a relevant field (engineering, life sciences, informatics, automation/control, etc.)
Minimum two years’ work experience within Biopharma or Pharma
Minimum two years’ working knowledge of applied statistics including MVDA, DOE, MSPC, PAT, QbD, Model Predictive Control (MPC), MMPC, AI/Machine learning
Strong bioprocess knowledge preferred
Familiarity with Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions preferred (MODDE, SIMCA, SIMCA-online, Control Advisor, Active Dashboard)
Working knowledge of prescriptive analytics a plus
Working knowledge of Python scripting preferred
Working knowledge of MATLAB, data historians and control strategies a plus
Teaching, consulting and project management experience a plus
Excellent communications skills, strong presentation skills
Comfortable working independently
Comfortable working from home office, willingness to travel (~25%)
Strong identification with Sartorius core values: sustainability, openness, enjoyment
Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organization suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognized for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin. We are also an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.

Please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by OFCCP here

E-Verify Participation Info

E-Verify Workers Rights

Interested? Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organisation suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognised for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

To find out more about Sartorius as an employer visit us on Sartorius Careers

Become part of our global team.",3.6,"Sartorius
3.6","New Oxford, PA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1870,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
62,Atlassian Software Engineer,"$66k-$110k
(Employer Est.)","COMPANY SUMMARY

Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingland develops and manages enterprise-class software solutions using its Kingland Platform and teams of data and technology experts. Clients in the banking and capital markets, public accounting, insurance, and retail industries look to Kingland to create solutions to manage data, risk, compliance, customer insight and more. The Kingland Platform is a highly secure, cloud-optimized software platform that includes enterprise data management, text analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and workflow and compliance management capabilities.

Kingland is unique. While we are based in Iowa, our clients are not. We are an Iowa company with a significant global reach. We provide our employees with the opportunity to ""live locally and work globally"", combining the Iowa quality of life that we all love, with exciting opportunities to travel the world and work on large projects for large clients.

Kingland is growing. We’re looking for individuals who like to tackle big challenges, want to work on mission-critical solutions, as well as desire to make a difference in the world — and be rewarded for their efforts. Explore all the ways that quality of work meets quality of life at Kingland, and launch yourself on an exciting new adventure.

POSITION SUMMARY

Kingland is looking for an experienced JIRA/Confluence Engineer or Administrator to join our team as an Atlassian Software Engineer. The ideal candidate has an analytical mindset, a passion for continuous improvement, and drive to deliver quality solutions. As an Atlassian Software Engineer, your responsibilities will range from tier-1 internal support, Atlassian maintenance and upgrades, and front-end customization to solutions design, and comprehensive application and system administration.

MAJOR RESPONSIBLITIES AND DUTIES
Be a subject matter expert in all things Atlassian, including JIRA project, workflow, plugin, and integration configuration, Confluence administration, user and permissions administration
Help to ensure our teams are using the Atlassian products effectively for a rapidly growing organization
Evaluate software updates, plugins, add-ons, and changes to JIRA and Confluence
Write, build, or update scripts and workflows all while maintaining Atlassian best practices
Collaborate with multiple functional areas and leaders (Engineering, Project Management, DevSecOps, IT, HR, Accounting, Facilities, etc), external vendors, and the Process and Reporting teams, to gather requirements for new implementations and to create and deliver solutions
Drive multiple projects (sometimes simultaneously) from start to finish, making a profound impact on the productivity and efficiency of our business
Triage and resolve Atlassian administrative requests, enhancements, access, and performance issues
Supports business strategy by supporting and enabling tooling and process integration between Atlassian applications, as well as other target applications as needed
POSITION REQUIREMENTS
3+ years or equivalent of JIRA and Confluence Administration experience
Intermediate level Linux experience
Entry Level AWS experience desired
Bachelor’s degree or applicable background experience
BENEFITS
Included in the Kingland Career Development Program – a guided program consisting of targeted learning opportunities and mentorship to assist you in career growth, personal development and opportunity for promotion and advancement at Kingland Systems.
Generous vacation and paid holidays
401(k) company match
8 hours of paid volunteer time annually
3 weeks paid parental leave after the birth or adoption of a child
Wellness reimbursement for gym memberships, equipment, and apparel
Access to free on-site fitness center in Clear Lake location
Company match of up to $1,000 annually for charitable donations
Free on-site parking
Access to company dining facility in Clear Lake location",3.8,"Kingland Systems
3.8","Ames, IA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1992,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
63,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Have you always wanted to write algorithms that made a positive impact on the world? Are you interested in solving the Web’s most difficult teaching/ learning problems with your code? If so, we’ve got the company for you. A long time client of Robert Half is looking for add a Sr. Machine Learning engineer to their team. This ML position will be part of a team that is changing the face of education.

This is a Sr. level role and will require at least 4 years of work experience. Ideally you have some combination of working with these topics:

Risk Management

Search Ranking

Deep Learning

Knowledge distillation

Reinforcement learning

This position requires heavy python coding, in a variety of libraries for ML and Data science. Ideally you will also have experience with Pandas too.

This position is full-time, Not C2C or CTH. This company cannot sponsor or transfer visa either. If you’re interested please apply or contact adam.bennett at RHT.com – or Adam Bennett, Robert Half on LinkedIn.

message adam.bennett at rht.com

Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities — fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE’s “Most Admired Companies” list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/technology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use .",3.6,"Robert Half
3.6","Palo Alto, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1948,Company - Public,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
64,"Machine Learning Engineering - Engineer, Senior Staff","$134k-$234k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Machine Learning Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G - ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in. We are investing in several supporting technologies including 4G, 5G, Edge Computing, and Deep Learning.

You will join the CR&D team running machine learning models on and developing the SDK for Qualcomms Neural Signal Processor. Your focus will be on analyzing the functionality and performance of competing products and helping to define the roadmap and implementation for Qualcomm Qranium SDK solution. Additionally, you will participate in the porting of ML frameworks and software to Qranium and perform detailed analysis of overall Qranium SDK and neural network performance.

You will be collaborating across internal teams within CR&D as well as with Qualcomms commercial division (QCT) covering multiple engineering disciplines including: system level feature definition and development, full stack software architecture, systems and hardware. Direct customer interaction supporting feature development and productization of commercial solutions may also be required. The successful applicant should have a diverse skill set including a strong background in system design, machine learning, and performance, an understanding of accelerator architectures and a passion to design and develop industry leading solutions.

Skills and Aptitudes
Hands-on experience with Deep Learning frameworks like SNPE, Keras, Caffe/Caffe2, TensorFlow, PyTorch
Experience and understanding of a wide variety of DL network architectures spanning CNNs, RNNs/LSTMs, transformers/NLP, and more. Hands on experience developing neural networks and/or neural network operators
Experience and understanding of architecture and processing of industry leading frameworks like PyTorch, ONNX, Caffe2, and Tensorflow
Experience with machine learning algorithms and architectures, including CNNs, and RNNs/LSTMs
Proven experience assessing requirements and developing system level solutions spanning full SW stack across full life cycle from concept to production
Excellent C and C++ software design skills
Knowledge of Linux infrastructure and development tools
Degree in Machine Learning/AI, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, or similar quantitative discipline
Experience with Source Code and Configuration management tools such as git
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field.
7+ years Software Engineering or related work experience.
3+ years experience with Programming Language such as C, C++, Java, Python, etc.
Preferred Qualifications
Understanding of GPU and/or DSP architectures, familiarity with low-level hardware designs or assembly coding a plus
Good understanding of compilers, LLVM or similar preferred
Strong background in mathematical operations: linear algebra, fast math libraries a plus
Excellent analytical, development, and debugging skills
Passion for machine learning
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.",4.0,"Qualcomm Incorporated
4.0","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
65,Biological Data Scientist,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311168

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to execute on existing projects as well as lead in the development of new research proposals. Expertise in statistics, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects participation in publishing, project leadership, and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 5 years of experience, MS/MA with 3 years of experience, or PhD with 1 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ MS/MA or PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-04_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-14_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
66,Principal Radar Systems Engineer,-1,"Principal Radar Systems Engineer

One global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place..
Raytheon Technologies (RTX) offers an innovative and inclusive culture; welcoming diversity and collaboration and providing numerous opportunities for career growth.

The System Design & Architecture Team is the central focus for Mission Systems Integration activities within Raytheon Missiles & Defense (RMD). The more than 2,100 employees provide requirements definition and design at the system, subsystem and component level every day in a collaborative environment which is characterized by respect for the individual, problem solving in a team setting, consensus oriented solutions, and results based recognition. Supporting this mission are teams providing domain expertise and creative solutions in surveillance, naval and missile defense based radar system design, sonar and undersea sensor system design, integrated air and missile defense systems engineering, command and control/battle management system design, combat system and platform architecture design and integration, software intensive system engineering, cyber solutions and algorithm development for signal processing, tracking and discrimination systems. The team welcomes you to join our tradition of achieving excellence through thought and team work while leveraging individual diversity conducive to a flexible work schedule and environment.

Join this highly visible team and perform technically challenging assignments which will directly contribute to protecting our nation and our war fighters.

Are you interested in joining a dynamic, inclusive, and growing professional organization? Integrated Defense Systems is looking for a Radar Senior Systems Engineer to support the Missile Defense and Sensor Systems (MDSS) department. The MDSS department provides subject matter expertise for concept development, architectural design, requirements generation & flow down, modeling and simulation, systems analysis, integration, test and evaluation of world-class Missile Defense & Sensor Systems to be achieved through our people, processes, technology and performance.

Required Skills:
Minimum of 8 years of experience in the field of engineering or related technical discipline
Experience with developing, documenting, and maintaining processes, methods and tools
Proven ability to develop technical solutions to complex issues
Strong analytic, technical and problem solving skills
Experience with MS Office Suite
Active DoD Security Clearance (U.S. Citizenship status is required) or obtain within 1 year from start date.
Desired Skills:
Experience with Battle Management Command, Control. Communications, Computers, and Intelligence (BMC4I) systems, Radar Systems, or signal processing techniques
Experience with system level requirements development, documentation and maintenance and/or requirements development and design of system level software architecture.
Experience with radar system concepts; detection, discrimination, track and signal processing algorithms and their behaviors and performance
Experience with the development and coding of system models, algorithms, test vectors and analysis tools in support of analyzing radar requirements and performance
Experience and interest in Information Assurance/Cyber Engineering requirements, determination, development, and implementation
Experience working with Matlab, C/C++, Java, or DOORS
Previous military service
Excellent communication, technical writing, oral presentation, and interpersonal skills
Proven ability to interface with customers and lead technical solutions to complex user needs
Strong analytic, technical and problem solving skills
Active DoD Secret Clearance or greater
Required Education:
Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Science, Mathematics or related discipline.
Keywords: systems engineering, software, architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science, Computer/Management Information Systems, Cyber Jobs, Distributed Systems, Information and Knowledge Systems, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Research & Development

This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Except in rare circumstances, only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

At Raytheon Technologies, we innovate to create solutions and solve complex challenges across all domains: from land and sea to air, space, and cyberspace. In doing so, we embrace the talent, expertise and perspectives of our diverse workforce, each bringing their skills, ideas and dedication to the work we do. We pride ourselves on our commitment to our customers, industry partners and our teammates, making a positive impact not only to our business, but also in our communities where we live and work. Our constant innovation is made possible by a strong culture, investing in our people, and an unwavering vision thats shared by Raytheon Technologies employees across the globe a vision of one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place.

Raytheon Technologies has been recognized as a respected employer and valued corporate citizen for our employment practices, programs and community support by a number of highly-regarded organizations. The list includes: Forbes, Glassdoor, National Veterans Small Business Association, Corporate Responsibility Magazine, Environmental Protection Agency, Affinity Inc. and many more.

What We Offer: Whether youre just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon Technologies offers a robust total rewards package that goes above and beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits Raytheon Technologies offers include parental (including paternal) leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care.

All these job responsibilities are to be executed in harmony with Raytheon Technologies' Code of Business Ethics and Conduct policy which sets the standard by which we operate and how we treat others.

Raytheon Technologies is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status, or any other protected factor.

This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.
167633

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Woburn, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
67,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"About Alpha Health
We’re on a mission to remedy the financial complexity crippling healthcare in America.

Our aim is to organize and use all healthcare information to reduce the cost of care and improve the patient experience.

As the first Unified Automation company for healthcare, we use the same machine learning approaches that made driverless cars possible to provide health systems with a single solution for revenue cycle management. Alpha Health’s Unified Automation brings together the best of people, data and technology to efficiently, accurately and autonomously navigate the complex state of medical reimbursement in the United States.

We are growing rapidly:
- The contracting process in healthcare typically averages nine months. Yet, in less than 12 months time, the team has landed multiple provider clients of all sizes across the US.
- The team has also deployed at several of these customers, providing meaningful and measurable value within 90 days.

We’ve built a cross-functional skill set deep into the DNA of the company. We have technology experts from the top Silicon Valley technology companies (Google, Facebook, etc) and machine learning PhD programs (Stanford, etc). We also have senior leaders from the frontlines of healthcare with decades of experience leading teams of medical billers at some of the most prominent healthcare institutions in the US. And we have a deep bench of talent from healthcare services firms like the Advisory Board, Optum and Triage Consulting.

Our founding team includes Silicon Valley leaders who have founded or been founding team members of multiple companies with successful exits, including in excess of $350 million.

We are expanding our team to support our work with existing customers as well as new customers. If you love to execute, we’d love to hear from you.

Alpha Health is based in South San Francisco. As a company we embraced remote work opportunities before COVID-19. We consider ourselves experts in working collaboratively wherever our team members happen to reside.

As part of the ML team you will work alongside machine learning PhDs from top schools (e.g., Stanford), as well as experienced machine learning engineers from top companies(e.g., Google). You will be putting machine learning into practice, so your code directly affects our customers immediately. You will be working with large proprietary medical and clinical datasets containing both structured documents, natural language and images.
What You'll Do
· Participate in developing state-of-art machine learning solutions to address large scale healthcare problems
· Design and build pipelines that collect, preprocess, and deliver data with a measurable quality
· Write production-ready software with fast and efficient algorithms
Skills & Qualifications
· Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent (Master's a plus) and/or relevant practical work experience
· 2+ years of work experience in machine learning or data engineering
· Strong proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python and C++
· Hands-on development experience with big data technologies such as SQL and AWS/Cloud Platform
· Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, Keras, Tensorflow
· Full-stack development experience for an end to end machine learning solution preferred
· Experience with Natural Language Processing or Computer Vision a plus
· Strong communication and interpersonal skills with meticulous attention to detail",5.0,"Alpha Health
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
68,Data Scientist,-1,"About Us

Mindoula is a next-generation behavioral health management company that delivers tech-enabled, team-based 24/7/365 behavioral health support across the continuum of care. We are building the best population health management and analytics platform by using the latest technologies in big data and data science. Also, we are developing a comprehensive platform to address the needs of pre and post hospital care for large populations.

We are currently seeking to fill in multiple roles in technology and data to help build great technology helping Mindoula to grow faster.

About You

We are looking for a talented data scientist who has a great passion for solving business problems by providing data insights through data modeling and analysis. You will work with senior leadership and data/technology teams to understand and solve complex business problems by developing data models and various techniques to analyze the health populations.

Responsibilities:
Derive insights from data analysis and modeling using multiple datasets, derived from the company platform, data provided by our customers etc.
Develop a comprehensive profile of the patient/member using the data available.
Apply statistical techniques to understand health data and analyze outcomes.
Apply data science algorithms and techniques to understand the member profile and prepare the data such that these insights help the care management team in addressing needs of our customers and members.
Be part of the data team, collaborate with product and engineering teams in developing the data required to support the functionality and new features of our platforms.
Must be self-driven and a quick learner.
Requires strong problem-solving, analytical and communication skills.
Healthcare data experience (claims, groupers) is a plus.
Technologies:
Data science: Analysis/Machine learning/AI algorithms and modeling.
Data Platforms: Spark, Python/Scala.
Strong SQL experience.
Databases: Postgres, Microsoft SQL Server
Hosting: Microsoft Azure
Tools: Github, CircleCI, CodeClimate
Requirements:
Minimum 3 years of experience in position
Healthcare experience with managing claims data
Compensation:
Competitive salary.
Generous benefits
This position is open to both as an employee or as a contractor/consultant.",3.8,"Mindoula Health Inc
3.8",Maryland,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
69,Data Engineer,"$65k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Engineer

Alignment Healthcare was founded with a mission to revolutionize health care with a serving heart culture. Through its unique integrated care delivery models, deep physician partnerships and use of proprietary technologies, Alignment is committed to transforming health care one person at a time.

By becoming a part of the Alignment Healthcare team, you will provide members with the quality of care they truly need and deserve. We believe that great work comes from people who are inspired to be their best. We have built a team of talented and experienced people who are passionate about transforming the lives of the seniors we serve. In this fast-growing company, you will find ample room for growth and innovation alongside the Alignment community.

Position Summary:
Alignment Healthcare is a data and technology driven healthcare company focused partnering with health systems, health plans and provider groups to provide care delivery that is preventive, convenient, coordinated, and that results in improved clinical outcomes for seniors.

We are experiencing rapid growth (backed by top private equity firms), our Data Services and BI team is looking for the best and brightest leaders. Data drives the way we make decisions. We love our customers and understanding them better makes it possible to provide the best clinical outcome and care experience.

This position will play a key role in building and operating a cloud-based data platform and its pipelines using big data technologies.

As a Data Engineer, you will develop a new data engineering platform that leverage a new cloud architecture, and will extend or migrate our existing data pipelines to this architecture as needed. You will also be assisting with integrating the SQL data warehouse platform as our primary processing platform to create the curated enterprise data model for the company to leverage. You will be part of a team building the next generation data platform and to drive the adoption of new technologies and new practices in existing implementations. You will be responsible for designing and implementing the complex ETL pipelines in cloud data platform and other solutions to support the rapidly growing and dynamic business demand for data, and use it to deliver the data as service which will have an immediate influence on day-to-day decision making.

General Duties/Responsibilities:

(May include but are not limited to)
Interfacing with business customers, gathering requirements and developing new datasets in data platform
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Identifying the data quality issues to address them immediately to provide great user experience
Extracting and combining data from various heterogeneous data sources
Designing, implementing and supporting a platform that can provide ad-hoc access to large datasets
Modelling data and metadata to support machine learning and AI
Minimum Requirements:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Minimum Experience:
3+ years relevant experience in cloud based data engineering.
Demonstrated ability in data modeling, ETL development, EDI Development and data warehousing.
Data Warehousing Experience with SQL Server, Oracle, Redshift, Teradata, etc.
Experience with Big Data Technologies (NoSQL databases, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, Elasticsearch etc.)
Experience in using Python, .net, Java and/or other data engineering languages
Knowledge and experience of SQL Server and SSIS.
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions
Education/Licensure:
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field
Other:
Excellent communication, analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills
Requires Spark and Scala
Building and migrating the complex ETL/EDI pipelines from on premise system to cloud and Hadoop/Spark to make the system grow elastically
Preferred
Healthcare domain and data experience
Healthcare EDI experience is a plus
API development experience is a plus
Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets.
Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets
Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources
Experience leading large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects, including using Azure or AWS technologies – SQL Server, Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline, Data Lake, Data Factory and other big data technologies
Experience providing technical leadership and mentor other engineers for the best practices on the data engineering space
Linux/UNIX including to process large data sets.
Experience with Azure, AWS or GCP is a plus
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Demonstrable track record dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in an agile, dynamic startup environment
Problem solving skills and Ability to meet deadlines are a must
Microsoft Azure Certification is a plus
Python and Java are a plus,
Experience with X12(837,834,278) and HL7 transactions preferred
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Essential Physical Functions:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee regularly is required to stand, walk, sit, use hand to finger, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; and reach with hands and arms.
The employee frequently lifts and/or moves up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Alignment Healthcare, LLC is proud to practice Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We are looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment: Minority/Female/Disable/Protected Veteran.
If you require any reasonable accommodation under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) in completing the online application, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please contact careers@ahcusa.com.
(function() { var ac = document.createElement('script'); ac.type = 'text/javascript'; ac.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://') + 'click.appcast.io/pixels/grpeople1-1573.js?ent=8&t=' + new Date().getTime(); var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ac, s); })();",3.5,"Alignment Healthcare
3.5","Orange, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
70,Interface/Interoperability Engineer,"$51k-$119k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Vohra Wound Physicians is a dynamic and innovative physician management group with cutting edge proprietary systems. The company is experiencing incredible growth and partnerships with other systems and networks and so is currently looking for a motivated, experienced developer to take ownership of the mission critical interfaces that are vital to patient data exchange. This is a fast-paced, results-oriented and team-centric environment and is a great opportunity to work with a solid group
Responsibilities: *
· Responsible for the development and maintenance of APIs to distribute critical machine learning-derived patient data to our proprietary EHR system, proprietary mobile application and third-party systems

· Responsible for maintaining legacy HL7 systems in Mirth

· Responsible for clear and concise documentation related to all interfaces

· Leadership in terms of all interface oversight and overall health

· Ownership of data integrity checks across interfaces

· Provision of support for FHIR and API connectivity for our systems and implementing CCDA connectivity

· SQL programming and stored procedure development

· Create and analyze complex SQL and SSIS as needed to support new and evolving data integration projects and data extracts

· Conduct ETL / ELT performance tuning, troubleshooting, support and capacity

· Ownership of industry-standard security protocols related to electronic patient health information (ePHI) exchange
Required Experience: *
· BA in Computer Science, or equivalent degree

· 7+ years Development experience required

· Minimum 5 years Microsoft Stack Development in C-sharp required

· Minimum 2 years’ experience responsible for Production Mirth interfaces

· Has base familiarity with SQL and SQL Server

· Experience with ETL, XML, XSL, Schema, and DTD

· Healthcare technology experience

· Understanding and knowledge/ability to learn FHIR specifications

· Has proven implemented and support within an API in production

· Has experience organizing and working efficiently within JIRA or similar system

· Understanding and knowledge of CCDA specifications is a benefit (though not an absolute requirement)

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $110,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year

Experience:
IT development: 7 years (Required)
Microsoft Stack Development in C-Sharp: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off",4.4,"Vohra Wound Physicians
4.4","Miramar, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
71,"Machine Learning Engineer, Marketing Analytics","$50k-$91k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ibotta is seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to help build a targeted, personalized, high performing Marketing engine that drives our company's mission to make every purchase rewarding for millions of consumers. We're looking for a machine learning engineer who has a passion for building scalable machine learning solutions using technologies such as Python, Spark, AWS, Airflow, Sagemaker, PyTorch, etc. Every member of the team has input into our analytics strategy and will have a real impact on Marketing decisions and performance.

What you will be doing:
Design, develop and deploy large scale, big data-driven machine learning models that are integrated with key product features. Some examples of potential projects include:
Building/scaling ML related infrastructure to help streamline the development, evaluation, deployment, and re-usability of core ML features and services
A/B testing. Ability to distinguish the signal from the noise in order to drive business decisions, and iteratively improve performance from new/existing marketing campaigns
Using experiments to build uplift models that decide optimal treatments at the user level
Collaborate with Engineering and Analytics leads to establish analytic standards and platforms that scale and can be leveraged in various initiatives throughout the organization
Deliver world class products in partnership with cross functional teams (Product Managers, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, etc.)
Communicate complex machine learning solutions, concepts and the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner to business stakeholders and technology leaders to maximize the effectiveness of machine learning initiatives
What we are looking for:
2+ years of professional experience as a Machine Learning Engineer, Data Scientist, or equivalent role, focusing on machine learning, statistical modeling, and/or ML infrastructure
Proficiency in Python
Experience working with machine learning frameworks (e.g. scikit-learn, xgboost, PyTorch, TensorFlow) and distributed big-data tools (Spark, Hive)
Experience working with version control systems (e.g. git) and CI/CD for machine learning pipelines
Ability to communicate complex, technical machine learning implementations to diverse audiences
Ability to think critically and leverage domain expertise to build machine learning powered applications that help to achieve high-level business objectives
About Us:

Headquartered in Denver, CO, Ibotta (""I bought a..."") is a free mobile shopping and payments app that has delivered more than $675 million in cumulative cash rewards to its users for making purchases in-store, on mobile apps, or via websites. Launched in 2012, Ibotta has more than 35 million downloads and has become one of the most frequently used shopping apps in the United States. The Ibotta platform provides cash back on purchases at more than 1,500 leading brands and hundreds of retailer partners. In 2019, Ibotta launched its payments solution, Pay with Ibotta™, enabling shoppers to pay for their entire purchase through the Ibotta app and instantly earn cash back. Ibotta was named to the 2019 Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing private companies in the U.S., after debuting on the list in 2018. The company recently became the first mobile consumer technology company in Colorado to achieve $1B in valuation.

Learn more about Ibotta here: https://liferewarded.ibotta.com/press-and-media/

To learn more about what our Tech teams are doing day to day, visit Building Ibotta on Medium.com.

Additional Details:
This position is located in Denver, CO and includes competitive pay, benefits package (including medical, dental, vision), 401k, and equity.
Ibotta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Ibotta's employment decisions are made without regard with race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.
For the security of our employees and the business, all employees are responsible for the secure handling of data in accordance with our security policies, identifying and reporting phishing attempts, as well as reporting security incidents to the proper channels.",3.6,"Ibotta
3.6","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
72,"Software Engineer, AI Experience Development","$49k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are

We started Clinc in 2015 with the mission to use the best advancements in academic research, science and technology to create a meaningful and tangible impact on the world. Since then, we have seen exponential growth delivering cutting-edge technology at global scale, and empowering people to lead more enjoyable lives with conversational AI. We are a passionate group of change-makers inspired by the world’s most difficult challenges and a gritty resolve to take them on. If you want to influence the future of AI and make our world a better place to live, join us.

What AI Experience Development team does

Clinc designs and builds conversational AI experience products for common use cases, and AI Experience Development (AIXD) is the team that leverages our own platform to deliver them. To create the conversational AI experiences, the team uses our platform as the “programming language” to craft conversational designs, curate data, train Machine Learning models and develop business logic.

There are two different roles in the AIXD team:
- Data Curation: masters the training data curation and conversation design.
- Software Engineer: designs and develops web application logic to fulfill business objectives leveraging the insights extracted from the ML models.
What you'll do as part of our team
Fulfill the software engineer role on the AIXD team.
Design and develop complex business logic for specific business use cases (e.g., providing spending advice, make credit card payments), and work closely with other team members to build conversational AI-enabled end-to-end user experiences.
Conduct design and code reviews.
Gain insights through project execution and drive technical initiatives and visions that contribute to the long-term success of the product and priorities of the team.
What you should bring to the table
BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.
3 years of professional software engineering experience in one or more general purpose programming languages like Python on UNIX/Linux-based environments.
Excellent communication skills.
Able to thrive in a dynamic environment where goals and requirements may change frequently.
What will make you stand out from everyone else
Experience with API design and development using web application development frameworks such as Django, Tornado, and Node.js.
Experience with relational databases and Object-Relational Mapping (ORM).
Experience with event-driven programming paradigm.
Experience with Docker-based containerization and Docker orchestration software.
Experience with Natural Language Processing or Data Science.
Culture, Diversity and Inclusivity

Clinc has a proven commitment to diversity and inclusion. We strive to create a hiring environment in which all people feel they are equally respected and valued, irrespective of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, ethnicity, age, religion, citizenship or any other characteristic.",3.2,"Clinc
3.2","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
73,Machine Learning Services Engineer (MLE),"$104k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","· 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
· Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
· 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
· Masters degree or equivalent work experience in Machine Learning.
· Solid communication skills and ability to work well in a team are critical.
· Advance the design and architecture of our existing systems to make them more maintainable, easy to use, and operationally sound
· Ability to work in a fast paced and agile development environment.
· Work Hard, Have Fun, Make History

Amazon is looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive ML Engineers (Software Development Engineers with a strong ML background) to help invent new machine learning-powered features for Amazon QuickSight. We want to work with you to revolutionize the way people manage, visualize and interact with large amounts of data.
Amazon QuickSight is revolutionizing Business Intelligence by empowering anyone to use the power of machine learning and Amazon AI to enhance their understanding of data. QuickSight can already help discover hidden insights using Anomaly Detection, enable ML-powered forecasting, and use automatic text generation generate business narratives directly from the data. But we're not stopping here, we remain with helping our customers harness the power of artificial intelligence to help them understand and visualize their data.
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age

· Masters or PhD in Computer Science or Engineering with 2+ years of relevant software services development
· Experience and interest in databases, structured records, distributed systems, and Machine Learning on in a structured data context.
· Leadership experience in a team delivering remarkable user experiences in industry leading products
· Work experience delivering one or more version one products",3.9,"Amazon.com Services LLC
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
74,Data Scientist Principal,"$98k-$156k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Schneider is seeking an innovative Principal Data Scientist to join our Engineering team. Our Principal Data Scientists, foster thought leadership in analytics and decision sciences to elevate the performance of the enterprise. You will proactively evaluate new technologies and identify industry best practices, while leveraging our existing processes and technical capabilities to deliver exceptional results.

Our Principal Data Scientists:
Foresee future challenges and provide perspective and insight on how to best position the department and enterprise for success.
Represent Schneider as a thought leader within the industry and academia through symposiums, annual meetings and partnerships.
Design, collaborate and implement solutions and new proof of concepts using new and existing technologies.
Mentor junior associates and collaborate with diverse departments to frame and solve business opportunities.
Oversee external relationships with software vendors to influence product functionality and our academic partners to influence curriculum design.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Ideal candidates will have:
Earned a PhD degree in Data or Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Economics, Mathematics, or related field, plus eight years of relevant work experience. Or a master’s degree plus ten years of relevant work experience.
Proficient understanding in designing and implementing data science models using open source as well as commercial programming languages.
A demonstrated ability to understand the uses and limitations of statistical and programming methodologies to select the appropriate methodology to complete projects.
Experience working with Java and/or Python.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.
Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com.

Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
75,SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER - EMBEDDED SOFTWARE,"$83k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Design and develop high-reliability embedded systems software for a variety of spacecraft control avionics, ADCS systems, and power control subsystems. Perform all phases of the system lifecycle including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation. Interact and interface with clients including developing technical presentations. Field support may require travel to customer facilities.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science or related field with at least 7 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Direct experience designing software for high reliability embedded systems is required. Must be an embedded systems designer/developer with strong software skills and networking/socket programming. An interest and/or experience in working with hardware a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Must be able to work independently and in project team environments. Must have strong organizational skills and attention to detail. Must have an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. Must be proficient in C/C++ and LabView. Familiarity with VxWorks, Linux, or RTEMS OS for embedded systems is a plus. Direct space flight design experience a plus. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Austin, Texas. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Austin, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
76,Senior Systems Software Engineer Database Operations at Vertica (US - REMOTE),"$88k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Systems Software Engineer Database Operations at Vertica (US - REMOTE)

Job Description:
Title: Senior Systems Software Engineer Database Operations at Vertica (US - REMOTE)

Location: Remote Eligible

Vertica believes that each of us knows the work environment that makes us the most productive. Thats why we provide our employees with the ability to work how and where they will be the most successful. We enable a flexible approach to work location, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office or from home, or a combination of both, but you make that choice including where you choose to live. Vertica invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environments to empower employees to work productively in the setting that meets their personal needs. Thats why were so proud to have a highly productive and engaged team in every function of the company.

About your role
The Vertica Ecosystem Team is looking for an experienced software engineer and python expert to help us take our Big Data Analytics Platform to the next level.

Our team is responsible for the components that enable deployment and operation of our distributed database: installation, upgrade, orchestration, administration, configuration, and diagnostics. Our users experience these parts of the product first and rely on these components during critical points in their deployments lifetime. In this role you will make contributions that impact Verticas entire customer base and help us expand to new customers who want to deploy in novel ways.

We need a self-directed engineer who is capable of solving problems in diverse areas, including:
Distributed systems
Systems programming
Networking
Operating system integration
The candidates responsibilities will include:
Design and implement features in the Vertica Analytics Platform to improve distributed database installation, upgrade, orchestration, administration, configuration, and diagnostics
Define requirements for new features in collaboration with Product Managers, Support Engineers, and customers
Diagnose, debug, and resolve product issues discovered during the development process and coming from customers
Influence the design of other in-database features based on their interaction with the deployment mechanisms
Provide technical leadership and support for junior members of the team by conducting thorough design and code reviews
The recommended requirements the candidate should meet are:
Bachelor, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
At least 4 years of experience working full time as a software engineer
Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software engineering practices for sustainable development
Strong working knowledge of python3
Experience writing software for Linux and working on the command line
Familiarity with popular cloud deployment, provisioning and infrastructure-as-code tools

About our team
The best ideas often come from fresh perspectives. At Vertica, our open-minded, diverse and inclusive team is always learning from each other. We approach intellectually challenging work with a ""get it done"" attitude. Vertica Engineers are given significant latitude and support to pursue what they are passionate about to make Vertica an even better place. If you are excited about building great technology with a proactive team, you will find yourself in good company at Vertica. Welcome to the family.
About our product
Vertica is a recognized leader in analytics powering some of the worlds most data driven organizations like Uber, Wayfair, Intuit, Cerner, and more. Our columnar, MPP, distributed database delivers unprecedented speed, petabyte scale, with analytics and machine learning functions built into the core.
We believe the future belongs to the fast. Join us for the ride!

#LI-GC2
#DiceGC

Job:

Engineering

Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status",3.3,"Micro Focus
3.3","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
77,Data Scientist,"$80k-$134k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

MMIT is growing from the leading drug coverage data business into a comprehensive, integrated market access company serving pharmaceutical manufacturers, health insurers, PBMs and healthcare IT companies. Their suite of applications is designed to manage an ever-changing proprietary set of pharmacy and medical benefit information and to provide a structured view of complex market access information. By embedding their data and SaaS applications across healthcare, they help ensure transparency, consistency and informed prescription decisions across the MMIT Network. They partner with hundreds of payers and pharma manufacturers ensuring that their products continually capture and analyze coverage and restriction criteria for more than 98% covered lives.

Team Overview

The MMIT Product Management Team is charged with developing, growing and maintaining the MMIT product portfolio that smooth access to lifechanging therapies. This entails managing products through all phases of the product lifecycle, from concept to sunset. The product management team embraces a market-backed perspective, champions unmet client needs, and is committed to a highly accountable and collaborative Product Management approach.

Job Description

MMIT is seeking experienced Data Scientists to meaningful contributes to the growth and development of the MMIT product portfolio. Ideal candidates are comfortable working with large, complex data sets to help inform, simplify and actualize key product capabilities. They will have comfort collaborating with various stakeholders and navigating ambiguity with limited direction. They will dedicate themselves to understanding the MMIT product portfolio (both current capabilities and future product roadmaps) and key data dependencies to inform data models, architecture, and new product development.

To succeed in this role, you will apply your skillset to

· Inform, create and/or maintain master data hierarchy, attributes and structure.

· Bridge claims data and coverage data – Refine existing rules and create and continually improve new methods for accurately assigning pharmacy and medical claims volumes to MMIT controller entities

· Apply data science to the creation of short and long form geographic market and controller entity descriptive narratives (NLP / NLG)

· Translate product management strategy into actionable data science deliverables, guiding development of data models, business rules and other advanced analytical capabilities

· Excel at communicating across a broad set of cross-functional stakeholders.

· Work collaboratively with MMIT product and data teams to develop and/or commercialize analytics use cases that may include market access, coverage / lives, and RWE data

· Effectively partner with external organizations including clients and vendors to develop meaning and projectable analytics about trends in market access dynamics across payers, geographies, indications, drugs, etc.

· Identify and evaluate additional data sources that could be integrated in value enhancing ways.

· Build reports, dashboards and/or other analyses as needed and/or as specific initiatives arise.

· Support various commercial or commercialization efforts as needed.

· Take a leading role in developing data science as a discipline across product management, development and data operations.

Qualifications

Relevant Skills and Experiences

· Postgraduate degree or higher involving machine learning, statistics, or computer science

· Experience of statistical / machine learning projects in academia or commercial sector end to end with proven delivery capability including capturing requirements, designing analysis plans, interfacing with clients and report / manuscript writing

· Experience in applying Natural Language Processing and related AI capabilities.

· Experience working with large and complex healthcare datasets, preferably patient-level longitudinal data and experience with studies of treatment effectiveness/outcomes, disease progression, adherence, healthcare utilization, patient journey, sales targeting, prescription/procedure volumes/shares, provider networks and prescribing/treatment patterns, etc

· Strong related programming skills including experience with good coding practices and a thorough understanding of the data science package landscape. Familiarity with Tableau and PowerBI a plus.

· Familiarity with agile software development practices

· Excellent written and spoken communication skills, including ability to present technical concepts to lay audiences, write analysis plans for projects, contribute to proposals / grant applications, pitch ideas effectively and persuasively to clients / internal stakeholders, etc.

· Demonstrated ability to work both collaboratively to solve complex problems and individually to research/advance areas of interest and exploration

· Proven ability to develop meaningful/valuable analytic insights from multiple data sources and support value through commercialization

Preferred candidates may also have

· Experience supporting or launching Data and Analytics or SaaS-based enterprise product

· Experience in managed markets and pharma market access ecosystem

· Experience in the commercial health insurance industry

· Knowledge of payer marketing, drug development lifecycle and drug launch process

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Position will be based in Livingston NJ or Yardley PA

(highly qualified remote applicants will be considered)

Travel Requirements:

Approximately <10>",3.9,"MMIT
3.9","Yardley, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
78,"RESEARCH ENGINEER - EARTH, OCEANS, & SPACE","$57k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


With a focus on engineering and science flight projects, our staff explores new scientific challenges and develops innovative flight instruments to study problems in the areas of earth science, astrophysics, and heliophysics.


Objectives of this Role:

Design and analyze mass efficient structures and electronic packaging for extreme environment situations, materials quality, and mechanical integrity
Support various design reviews throughout product life cycle, including defending design and analytical work to customer, third party, and non-advocate reviewers

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Supervise and coordinate fabrication of payload mechanical systems and subsystems. Develop and supervise environmental screening tests, development tests, and experiments
Produce high quality engineering documentation including drawings, specifications, test plans, procedures, and reports
Perform structural and thermal analyses of flight hardware
Field support may require travel to customer's facilities, NASA field centers, military bases, and overseas.

Requirements:


Requires an Bachelors with a 3.0 GPA in Mechanical Engineering or Aerospace Engineering
2 years of experience using computer aided design (CAD) software and standard office productivity software
Ability to productively interface with team members, suppliers and clients is a must. Experience with CREO (PRO/Engineer), structural analysis (e.g. ANSYS, NASTRAN), thermal analysis (e.g. Thermal Desktop), environmental testing methodology, mechanism design, material selection and characterization, electromechanical design, and/or space mission concept design
Experience with Thermal Analysis
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Durham, New Hampshire. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Durham, New Hampshire


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","New Durham, NH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
79,Software Engineer,-1,"Requisition ID 169546BR
Date updated 10/02/2020
CE38/CE39: Software Engineer II/Sr Software Engineer I; G07/G08

Note: This is a position for experienced professionals. If you have completed your degree within the last 18 months please apply to RTX College jobs: https://jobs.raytheonmissilesanddefense.com/college-jobs

Check us out on YouTube: https://youtu.be/kfHlc8GCzoU
At Raytheon Technologies (RTX), we are defining the future of aerospace and defense with ambitious technologies that push the limits of known science. Our technologies help our customers take on the world's biggest challenges.

Job Summary:
We are currently seeking a Software Engineer to join the Missile Defense & Surveillance Software Department in Huntsville, Alabama.

Our software teams employ disciplined software processes (CMMI Level 5) across the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). We use a variety of development methodologies and tools to produce high quality products for our customers. We strive for technical excellence by drawing upon a diverse workforce whose knowledge base covers the complete spectrum of modern computing languages and platforms. The successful Software Engineer will be integrated into a small to medium-sized team performing software development, integration, and testing of real-time systems. As the Software Engineer, you will be responsible for hands-on technical work including designing, implementing, debugging, and resolving problems with real-time software applications, as well as supporting software verification efforts.

Our software applications are developed using C++, Java, and Ada programming languages executing on a variety of computing platforms running Linux/Unix operation systems.

This position will require an Interim secret clearance or above to start. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Skills/Experience:

•2+ years of prior object-oriented software development experience using C++, Java, and/or Ada as well as Linux/Unix operating systems.
•Established verbal and written communication skills. Works within a team construct to achieve program success.
•Experience in the code and test phases of Software Engineering. Familiarity with the Software Development Life Cycle.

This position will require an Interim secret clearance or above to start. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Education (including Major):
•BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Software Engineering, or relevant engineering discipline

Desired Skills/Experience:

•4+ yrs of prior object-oriented software development experience using C++, Java, and/or Ada as well as Linux/Unix operating systems.
•Real-time OS, preferably WindRiver Linux or LynxOS
•Scrum Master / Product Owner experience
•SBCs and BIOS update experience
•UML and preferably Model Driven Development using Rhapsody
•Agile software development
•Automated testing, continuous integration
•Standard MS-Office tools for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations
•SEI CMMI model
•Machine Learning, Cyber, and/or Artificial Intelligence techniques
•Active Security clearance at the Secret level

KEYWORDS: software, engineer, object-oriented, java, ada, linux, unix, c++, real-time, uml, code, test, agile

At Raytheon Technologies, we innovate to create solutions and solve complex challenges across all domains: from land and sea to air, space, and cyberspace. In doing so, we embrace the talent, expertise and perspectives of our diverse workforce, each bringing their skills, ideas and dedication to the work we do. We pride ourselves on our commitment to our customers, industry partners and our teammates, making a positive impact not only to our business, but also in our communities where we live and work. Our constant innovation is made possible by a strong culture, investing in our people, and an unwavering vision that is shared by Raytheon Technologies employees across the globe a vision of one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place.

What We Offer: Whether you are just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon Technologies offers a robust total rewards package that goes beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits Raytheon Technologies offers include parental (including paternal) leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care.

All these job responsibilities are to be executed in harmony with Raytheon Technologies' Code of Business Ethics and Conduct policy which sets the standard by which we operate and how we treat others.
Raytheon Technologies is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status, or any other protected factor.
This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.

169546

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Huntsville, AL",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
80,ENGINEER - RESEARCH ENGINEER - MUSCULOSKELETAL BIOMECHANICS,"$51k-$76k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join our Mechanical Engineering team to conduct innovative research for a wide range of commercial and military biomechanics and human performance applications utilizing advanced computational and experimental techniques. Use advanced motion capture systems and other sensor data (e.g. force plate, EMG, IMU, etc.) in combination with biomechanical modeling and simulation to determine the performance of the human body during various activities including physical rehabilitation, physical athletic training, and other human performance applications. Interact and engage with commercial and government clients to develop solutions that fit their requirements. Write and present reports and technical papers and manage the technical and financial performance of projects. Participate in and eventually lead individual and collaborative research projects as well as develop, promote, and write proposals for research and development programs.


Education/Experience:


Requires a MS degree or PhD degree in Mechanical Engineering, Engineering Mechanics, or Biomedical Engineering or closely related engineering degree with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have experience in developing multi-body dynamics models of musculoskeletal systems, experience with commercial motion capture systems, force plates, wearable sensors, and EMG. Must have experience with commercial and open source biomechanical modeling software and programming languages such as OpenSim, AnyBody, Python, or Matlab. Must have the ability to work collaboratively n a multidisciplinary team environment as well as individually. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven to solve challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail with an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. Experience and interest in advanced data analysis methods, uncertainty analysis or probabilistic mechanics, experimental methods and data collection, machine vision, machine learning, and deep neural networks is desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Mechanical Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
81,Sr Data Scientist,-1,"We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work with one of our US-based clients, which is one of the oldest and most trusted sources of global and financial news. In addition to print news, our client owns one of the most popular websites in the world and diversified its business across a range of media including information services, book publishing, and digital real estate services.

The team will be architecting a highly-scalable platform to power data acquisition, categorization, calculations, and visualization.
You are the one if you have:
At least five years of experience working in data analysis and data mining
Experience using R and Python
Knowledge in business intelligence
Proven experience regarding data and server security and manipulating large amounts of survey data
Strong communications skills
AdTech experience is a plus
Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis is a big plus
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Scientist role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
82,Senior Tooling Engineer,"$68k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Masimo (NASDAQ: MASI) headquartered in Irvine, California, is a fast-growing and award-winning international medical technology and device company with operations spanning the globe. We develop innovative, noninvasive monitoring technologies that save, extend and improve the lives of people of all ages, in all walks of life. These revolutionary technologies are helping to solve ""unsolvable"" problems that have plagued the healthcare industry, while taking the pain and discomfort out of blood monitoring. For more than 20 years, innovation has been and will continue to be our passion.

To learn more about us, please visit: www.masimo.com

Senior Tooling Engineer

Job Summary

The Senior Tooling Engineer designs assembly tools and fixtures used for the high volume production. The Engineer creates solid model assemblies and fully dimensioned detailed tool design drawings using SolidWorks. The tool designs need to follow and meet the design specification outlined by the Process or Manufacturing Engineer. The position level is commensurate with education and experience.

Duties & Responsibilities

Design and/or modify assembly fixtures and equipment used for the high volume production of the Company’s products;
Use and understand ASME Y14.5M 1994-2009 impact on tool designs and tolerances.
Incorporate standard purchased tooling components as needed into the tool/ fixture designs
Check tool and fixture designs by validating their accuracy and function
Create and maintain detailed component and assembly models to support fabrication of tools and fixtures
Manage tool design work load and prioritize accordingly
Distinguish the difference between high production and experimental tooling
Interact with Process Engineers to optimize tool designs for manufacturing quality and costs
Interact, as needed, with tool makers and vendor machine shops
Evaluate existing designs so new designs are continually improved and enhanced
Other duties may be assigned

Minimum Qualifications

7+ years of experience in fixture design in a high volume production environment
Proficient with 3D modeling (Solidworks preferred)
Experience with metallurgical and plastic design requirements;
Experience in the start-up, and scale-up of new product introductions;
Must have a general knowledge of CNC machining capabilities
Experience with electro-mechanical/optical products;
Project and program management skills; ability to handle multiple projects
Ability to understand how and why mechanisms work;
Excellent conceptual, analytical, and problem-solving ability;
Excellent computer skills: word processing, and spreadsheets, in addition to CAD proficiency;
With minimal supervision, demonstrate the ability to solve practical problems, interpret, resolving problems and issues using a variety of instructions or guides furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with SolidWorks
CSWP (Certified SolidWorks Professional)
Experience with manual machining, CNC programming/operation, soldering, lathe operation, and assembly
Experience in automation

Education

BS degree in Mechanical Engineering or related discipline

Physical requirements/Work Environment

This position primarily works in an office environment. It requires frequent sitting, standing and walking. Daily use of a computer and other computing and digital devices is required. May stand for extended periods when facilitating meetings or walking in the facilities. Some local travel is necessary, so the ability to operate a motor vehicle and maintain a valid Driver’s license is required.

The physical demands of the position described herein are essential functions of the job and employees must be able to successfully perform these tasks for extended periods. Reasonable accommodations may be made for those individuals with real or perceived disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job described.

We are proud to offer if eligible a highly competitive compensation plan with an excellent benefits package including 3 weeks vacation, stock options, 401k match, medical, dental, vision plans and much more!

Masimo is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
**NO AGENCIES PLEASE*** Thank you!
#LI-PV1

Back Share
Apply Now",4.0,"Masimo
4.0","Irvine, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
83,"Data Scientist, Customer Experience","$79k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.


CFA Institute is the world’s largest association of investment management professionals. As a global, independent organization, with a community of more than 175,000 members and 150+ member societies, we lead the investment profession by promoting the highest standards of ethics, education, and professional excellence for the ultimate benefit of society.

At CFA Institute, we care about our employees’ mental, physical, social, and financial well-being. That’s why we are committed to providing a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that offers flexibility to make choices that meet their needs:
Health & Well-being benefits that are amongst the best in the industry with full comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision for employees and their family members
Comprehensive Leave and Time Off plans
A focus on Financial Well-being means that we stack our retirement benefits against the most competitive standards.
Flexible work arrangements
Wellness, Education, and Employee Assistance Benefits
Job Description Summary:

The Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience will analyze customer data to deliver actionable insights to the organization that will improve our customers’ experience with CFA Institute. This role will play a critical role in establishing the measurement frameworks, reports, and data requirements for an effective voice of customer program that enables the organization to make customer-centric decisions.

Job Description:

As a Senior Data Scientist, Customer Experience you will have the opportunity to:
Extract insights via analysis, disseminate actionable client insights within our team and across the business for awareness/education and to drive action
Develop customer analytics reports and regularly distribute reports to applicable parties
Run correlation and regression analyses against other data sets to derive deeper understanding of customer feedback and business implications
Report on themes, trends, and insights across disparate data sources to provide a comprehensive view of customers’ perceptions of the CFA Institute experience (e.g., survey, social media, call centers, etc.).
Serve as the division’s data security policy lead, providing input to and ensuring adherence with enterprise data governance policy decisions including data security, data privacy, and the implementation of access control measures.
The skills and experience required for this role are:
Experience launching qualitative and quantitative data gathering and analysis initiatives
Proven ability with data visualization and reporting technologies, especially Tableau
Experience working with BI tools (e.g. Tableau) for additional analysis skills (data modeling, R or python, etc.)
Hands on experience working on strategy or customer data, with proficiency in data mining and predictive modeling inclusive of linear and non-Linear regression, logistic regression, and time series analysis models.
Facility in working with deep learning algorithms and large datasets as well as experience working with unstructured data and experience cleaning and manipulating data.
This opportunity is open to internal and external candidates. CFA Institute is committed to the professional development of its employees; first consideration will be given to internal candidates

You can connect with the Recruiter on LinkedIn.

If you feel this opportunity could be the next step in your career, we encourage you to click “Apply” and complete our three-minute application.

To stay up to date on current news and events, follow CFA Institute’s LinkedIn page.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. CFA Institute prohibits both discrimination and harassment with regard to all identifying characteristics: any individual employee, group of employees, or prospective employee on the basis of race, color, national origin, citizenship or immigration status, religion, creed or belief, age, marital or partnership status, marital or family status, care giver status, pregnancy and maternity, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, physical abilities/qualities, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, predisposing genetic characteristic, military or veteran status, status as a victim or witness of domestic violence or sex offense or stalking, unemployment status, infectious disease carrier status, migrant worker status, educational background, socio-economic status, geographic location and culture or any other basis protected by applicable law. This policy impacts all aspects of employment, including but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, training, development, promotion, demotion, layoff, recall, furlough, transfer, leave of absence, and dismissal. This is a global policy that applies to all CFA Institute employees, regardless of location.

Our application is not compatible with Internet Explorer (IE). We recommend using Chrome.",3.8,"CFA Institute
3.8","Charlottesville, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Nonprofit Organization,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
84,Data Scientist,-1,"TACG is a driven Alaskan Native 8(a) professional consulting firm, that focuses on employee growth in collaboration with client delivery. Our portfolio ranges from support work with Health and Human Services to highly skilled Defense consulting. We have recently been awarded as one of INC.5000's fastest growing companies and received multiple best places to work awards. How can you help shape TACG?
Position Summary:

TACG is looking for a Data Scientist to support the business in defining information/data requirements to allow for the design, development, testing/evaluation, implementation and sustainment of critical business applications and IT capabilities. The Data Scientist will provide technical expertise in Business Intelligence (BI) tools and programming languages to support data analytics, data visualizations, and predictive analysis.

Responsibilities:
Applies analytic methodologies and principles to address client needs.
Applies analytic techniques in the evaluation of project objectives and contributes to the implementation of strategic direction.
Performs analyst functions including data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Performs data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Excellent analytical skills
Experience using SQL, Python, and R languages for statistical analysis
Experience using Tableau Desktop, Prep Builder and Reader for the generation, sustainment and viewing of data visualization dashboards
Experience in ETL, specifically with data resident on SharePoint
3 years of experience with a Bachelor's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering; or, 1 year of experience with a Master's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering.
Education & Certification Requirements:
Four year degree or a Master's Degree in Computer Science, Business, Management or related field
Preferred Skills:
Creative thinker
Strong communication skills
Proficient in MS Office suite of tools, specifically MS Excel.
Excellent team skills.
Experience or understanding of AF or DoD processes, data and systems
Disclaimer:
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions
All work will be performed in an office environment.
Physical Requirements:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The employee is frequently required to talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk; reach with hands and arms to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision.
Citizenship: United States
Security Clearance: NACI background will be required
Percent of Travel Required: Up to 10%
FLSA Status: Full-time, Exempt
Benefits:
We understand that our employees make us the great company we are, so we want to give back as much as possible. Whether it's our flexible wellness program that gives you the power to do what makes you happy or focusing on career development utilizing our tuition reimbursement, we're sure to have every benefit you're looking for, to also include; matching 401(k), Medical, Vision, and Dental Coverage and much more!

TACG is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.",4.7,"TACG Solutions
4.7","Dayton, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
85,Computer Vision Software Engineer,-1,"We are actively recruiting for this role, with all interviews, hiring and new hire on-boarding being done virtually. The start date is immediate, with work to be performed remotely until bans for onsite work are lifted.

Alaant is now recruiting for a Computer Vision Software Engineer to support the work of a leading software research and development company. Our client specializes in computer vision, data and analytics, scientific computing, medical computing, and software process. This company works with and develops solutions for Fortune 500 companies along with government and academic laboratories worldwide.

What you will do:
Design and implement large scale frameworks using C++ to conduct high level algorithms while working cross-functionally using various platforms from desktop to cloud infrastructure. You will also be working with object detection, image manipulation along with 3D detection to name a few.

Why this is a great job!
You will be given the opportunity to work on large scale projects that will stretch you
You will be working with computer vision, machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies and be part of various test sites
You will collaborate with leaders in this space and collaborate with professionals nationally & worldwide
What you will bring:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, master’s degree preferred
3-5 years’ experience as Software Developer
Strong C++ skills
Experience with designing and implementing complex systems
Experience with optimizing code
Experience with Python a plus
Experience with GPU a plus
Strong knowledge of Computer Vision applications
Strong verbal communication
Military Occupation Specialty (M.O.S) Code Equivalents:
Army: 255A, Marine: 4025, Navy: DP

For more details on this role contact:
Megan Ermalowicz, Talent Acquisition Manager megan.ermalowicz@alaant.com 518-689-0710 phone

This is an active role, with an immediate start date. All hiring and on boarding will be done virtually.

Due to government/contractual restrictions, only candidates that are US Persons (citizens, permanent residents, green card) will be considered.

Alaant Workforce Solutions wants all interested applicants to know we are hiring a diverse workforce and are actively recruiting candidates in accordance with diversity, inclusion and equal opportunity policies.

Connect with us on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram & Glassdoor

At Alaant we believe in People First! We Care. We Listen & We Support.

www.alaant.com",5.0,"Alaant Workforce Solutions
5.0","Albany, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
86,COMPUTER SCIENTIST - ENGINEER - RESEARCH ENGINEER - PERFORMANCE METROLOGY,"$58k-$84k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join our Intelligent Systems Division! As a member of the team, you will help develop creative solutions for existing and next-generation technologies for healthcare applications using advanced modeling, artificial intelligence and machine learning. This role entails frequent interaction with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives. Operate in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.


Education/Experience:


Must have a BS, Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Biomedical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or other related disciplines. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have course work or experience in more than one of the following: image and video processing, high performance computing including GPUs, network and routing protocols, logic programming and knowledge representation, machine learning/artificial intelligence, software development, signal processing; communications and RF. Strong software skills required. Experience in C++, C#, and/or Python preferred. Experience with Linux, real-time operating systems, multithreaded programming, and/or networking/socket programming is a plus. An interest and/or experience in working with hardware a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Must be able to work in project team environments and independently. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail with an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
87,Data Engineer,"$49k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data science engineer, you will be part of a team of data science engineers who research and development design, test, and deployment of automated process, reports and data processing systems. Data science engineer team use their analytics skills to develop solutions for storing and retrieving information related to the processing, publication, and distribution of scientific data products You will help the team philosophy on software engineering and serves as a mentor for understanding the inner workings and the debugging of complex queries and workflows on parallel data processing systems.
The candidate will have a strong technical ability, excellent project management skills, great communication skills, and a motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment.

Responsibilities\*\*
Create and maintain the high-quality data set to serve as the source of truth for various fundamental data captured, and hence enabling data scientist to be more confident on their analysis, machine learning training and reporting.
Create and maintain blue print for data to integrate, centralize and maintain the data sources.
Implement data preparation solutions.
Implement, verify, design, and maintain software systems.
Ensure data integrity by leveraging proven methodologies, including data reconciliation, data integration and data audits.
Requirements*
MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, relevant certificates or work experience
6+ years of experience working with relational databases, data warehousing and advanced working SQL knowledge.
6+ years of successful history in manipulating, processing, and analysis of large datasets (million+ records) and comfortable analyzing datasets of 10+ million records
6+ years of experience with the following tools/concepts:
ETL process development tools, preferably SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Object-oriented development
Software development lifecycle
4+ years of experience working with Data Visualization and Descriptive Statistics, preferably SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and/or Microsoft Power BI
4+ years of experience executing full software development life cycle.
Strong skills on identifying and resolving performance and data quality issues
Solid software engineering skills across multiple languages
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Passion for teaching and mentoring
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Desired Qualifications: *
Experience working with finance industry.
Experience with one or more of the following:
Python
Scala
Java
Informatica
Manipulating/handling data in JSON or XML formats
PL/SQL
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Relational Databases: 6 years (Preferred)
Big Data Analytics: 6 years (Preferred)
Data Visualization: 6 years (Preferred)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Other
Company's website:
https://www.pragroup.com/",2.8,"PRA Group, Inc.
2.8","Richmond, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
88,Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Capsule


The Data Scientist analyzes complex and unstructured data using state-of-the-art data science methods for data driven decision making. This role uses knowledge of data science methods and applies analytics to solve real world problems. The Data Scientist will work with customers to collect and understand data, perform wrangling, develop applications and collaborate actively across the organization and with senior management to accomplish various objectives.

Job Duties/Roles
Apply advanced data science concepts to deliver data driven digital offerings and insights
Be able to write independent source code, validate and test for model quality assessment and improvement
Experience with Data Visualization tools such as Power BI or Tableau or Spotfire
Use machine learning and artificial intelligence methods, classification, regression algorithms
Comfortable working independently on data engineering, pre-processing and data preparation tasks to prepare data for further analysis
Generate Intellectual Property for the company
Stay current in the field of advanced analytics and take initiative to apply new technologies
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required (KSAR)
Python - Numpy, Pandas, lamdas, keras, Tensorflow, MS Cognitive AI, Matlab, R, SQL
OOP(Object Oriented Programming)
ANN, RNN, Classification, Clustering, CNN, Regression tools
Exposure to building RestFul APis for data science modelling is a plus
Practical experience using predictive analytics, multiple approaches, to ID abnormalities and failures using time series and unstructured data sources.
Knowledge of data architectures and systems is a plus
Minimum years of Experience


Minimum 3 years of relevant experience in data / analytics.

Country Requirements


Must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident (US Person) and able to work on Government Data with ITAR classification

Required/Preferred Education Requirements


BS degree required in Data Science or Computer Science or Engineering or another relevant field",3.4,"American Bureau of Shipping
3.4","Houston, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1862,Other Organization,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
89,Data Scientist,"$116k-$181k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Zynga is a leading developer of the world’s most popular social games that are played by people around the world every single day. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played our games across Web and mobile, including Words With Friends, FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Merge Dragons, Empires & Puzzles, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR.

Zynga’s Marketing Data Science and Analytics team uses our outstanding and expansive data to deliver fundamental insights on who our audience is, how they engage with our games, and what are the best ways to acquire them. We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them.

Here’s where you would come in: identify and formalize problems related to campaign optimization. Design and develop systems and services to optimize campaigns at scale. Be innovative, be creative, use every bit of that key commodity – data. Millions of people play Zynga games every day, so our data is tremendously rich, and we have a lot of it!

We will rely on you to communicate your findings to your peers – both technical and non-technical. Your solutions to difficult problems will need to be demonstrably impactful, visual and maintainable. You will collaborate with engineering teams to build proof-of-concept and MVPs of campaign bidders and optimizers. You will collaborate with User Acquisition Managers, Product Managers, and Engineers to deliver business impact.

Responsibilities:
Design and implement scalable systems and models to experiment with campaigns and creatives across channels and acquire users at scale
Work with large amounts of data to find and realize opportunities to acquire and re-target users profitably delivering unambiguous business metric impact
Craft effective campaign strategies to acquire users across a multitude of user acquisition channels
Drive and empower user acquisition team to make quantitatively informed, evidence based decisions - through custom visualizations, and ETLs to augment user data
Design, test, verify and implement machine learning models with Zynga’s games that impact millions of users. Models may include but not limited to LTV modelling, campaign bid recommendations, budget allocation, clustering/segmentation, forecasting, fraud detection, and / or reinforcement learning
Build prototypes and MVPs of services and applications that improve effectiveness of campaigns, creatives, ad networks and/or user segments.
Required Skills and Experience:
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other quantitative field required; Masters, MBA or PhD preferred
5+ years of relevant work experience in data science or analytics role in a Marketing Analytics or a User Acquisition Analytics Team
Familiar with mobile performance marketing and/or user acquisition landscape
Strong experience in SQL;
Proficient in Python; Proven fundamental programming skills (algorithms, data structures, OOP, OS, Networking, AWS Cloud); Ability to design distributed systems
Ability to build and maintain software services and systems at scale; experience in deploying services in at least one cloud provider (AWS, Google Cloud or Azure)
Proven experience with some of the following: machine learning, predictive modeling, deep learning
Experience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scale
Strong written and oral communication skills
Strong passion for gaming and performance marketing!
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.",4.1,"Zynga
4.1","Austin, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
90,Data Scientist,-1,"COMPANY

AccuWeather, recognized and documented as the most accurate source of weather forecasts and warnings in the world, has saved tens of thousands of lives, prevented hundreds of thousands of injuries and tens of billions of dollars in property damage. With global headquarters in State College, PA and other offices around the world, AccuWeather serves more than 1.5 billion people daily to help them plan their lives and get more out of their day through innovative digital media properties, such as AccuWeather.com and mobile, as well as Business Solutions (AFB), radio, television, newspapers, and the 24/7 AccuWeather Network.

Additionally, AccuWeather produces and distributes news, weather content, and video for more than 180,000 third-party websites. Among AccuWeather's many innovative and award-winning features free to the public are MinuteCast® Minute by Minute™ forecasts with Superior Accuracy™. Further, AccuWeather serves more than half of Fortune 500 companies and thousands of businesses globally.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with multiple data formats, databases, and storage technologies to perform comprehensive analysis and report findings.
Partner with different departments to determine needs, scope solutions, and communicate findings to non-technical audiences.
Independently perform data cleaning, merging, analysis, and visualization including predictive analytics, statistical modeling, and machine learning.
Visualize and communicate results.
Engage in cloud-based development & implementation of machine learning.
Explore, test, and implement methods that perform machine learning techniques that will leverage some of the largest datasets on the planet.
Design and build technology that supports continuous improvements in machine learning driven forecasting systems.
Support AccuWeather labs innovation efforts.
Keep abreast with best practices and trends.
QUALIFICATIONS:
B.S. or M.S. (preferred) in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Meteorology or a similar, relevant field.
Experience working with and deploying projects in a cloud infrastructure.
Experience accessing and working with scientific data sets.
Familiarity working with large datasets leveraging technology that may include BigQuery, AWS Athena, Tableau, and/or Power BI
Analyzing data through R and/or Python
Familiarity with one or more RTB ad management & DSP & SSP platforms
Deep mathematical and technical understanding of many AI methodologies.
Excellent organizational and time management skills.
Desire and interest in keeping up to date on what is and what is new in data science.
AccuWeather is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here. The pay transparency policy is available here.

AccuWeather is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to human.resources@accuweather.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.",3.7,"AccuWeather
3.7",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1962,Company - Private,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
91,Senior Digital Signal Processing Engineer,-1,"Digital Signal Processing Engineer

US Citizenship is required due to security clearance requirements,

At Expedition Technology, we push the boundaries of what is possible every day. Our engineers excel in tackling traditional signal processing problems and creating novel solutions using machine learning/deep learning algorithms. We are one of a very few companies that has been successful in employing deep learning to traditional signal processing. Our collaborative culture is conducive to researching and developing the cutting-edge solutions our DOD and IC customers seek.

We are currently seeking like-minded engineers and developers to join our growing team. A successful candidate will have the privilege of driving research and development activities to enable automated machine learning techniques to detect, demodulate and exploit signals in complicated environments. Emphasis includes software defined radio design and development, spectrum analysis and channelization, adaptive beamforming, channel equalization, waveform analysis, signal coding and decoding.

Primary Responsibilities:

Develop, modify, and maintain digital signal processing algorithms
Create machine learning models/neural networks designed to glean intelligence from signal processing data
Maintain robust existing code and develop new code
Work on small teams on various machine-learning oriented R&D programs

Position Requirements:

Minimum 5 years related experience- preferably within Research & Development focused positions
Interest in extending state-of-the-art machine learning and deep learning research to traditional signal processing problems
Experience with some or all of the following: C, C++, Python, MatLab (Python preferred)
Experience and understanding of Detection & Estimation Theory
In depth understanding of spectral estimation, digital communication theory and/or information theory (need not have all three)
Prior experience with adaptive filtering and interference mitigation in challenging environments
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or similar
Candidates holding active US Government clearances are highly desired- must at least be eligible to obtain a TS/SCI or higher
US Citizenship is required

Interested in joining our team? Let’s explore together!

Expedition Technology is an IBA company that offers self-directed, company-paid, comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance, PTO, 401k with up to 12% company match, equity shares (SARs), student loan repayment options and a generous tuition reimbursement program. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR

M90ruzNxxD",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
92,Software Engineer,"$56k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse engineering teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/

Position Summary:

As a member of the Software Engineering team, the Software Engineer will be working on a newly launched product and will help to solve complex problems in the material handling space. As a core member of our AI & Platform Division, you will work with our world-class team of engineers and scientists to build a platform for the next generation of intelligent machines. Your experience will be pivotal in advancing our mission: safe and reliable robots everywhere.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Deliver software features/functionality that increases customer value and product scalability.
Increase the agility/ software release frequency of the team and organization through code refactoring, simplification, and removal.
Review performance metrics of production fleet as a key indicator of customer experience from which to identify software product improvements.
Coordinate with cross-functional areas of expertise including hardware, firmware, platform, user experience, quality, and cloud engineering to deliver world-class customer value.
Remain up to date with developments across platform, navigation, and other robots, in order to leverage and contribute towards software innovation across all products.
What you need:
Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or a related field
2-4 years of experience writing C++ and python applications for Linux or embedded systems
Experience coding at an industry level with a strong background in programming constructs and idioms.
Experience designing/developing/testing/deploying/maintaining features and software releases
Experience working in large code bases of mixed Python, C++, and Python extensions
Solid understanding of design patterns, data structures, and advanced programming techniques
Experience with soft real-time and multi-threaded systems
Experience with version control systems such as git
Desire to constantly learn as well as teach others
Strong analytical skills that enable data-driven decisions and prioritization
Things that make a difference:
MS in computer science, software engineering, or a related field
Experience designing and developing robotic systems using robotics frameworks, including ROS, and existing libraries and tools
Experience with C++11 and newer
Experience with path planning, AI algorithms, navigation algorithms, or robot behavior systems a plus
Experience with continuous integration, deployment and release management tools
Experience with Agile and Scrum methodology
Proven system integration and software architecture skills
Good working knowledge of robotics and surrounding systems
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; using hands to finger, grasp, and feel; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; lift, push, carry, or pull up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employee is exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones.",3.5,"Brain Corp
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
93,Data Scientist - Risk,"$77k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Data Scientist (Risk)

Location: Orlando, Florida

Manager: Head of Data Science

About LSQ

LSQ is a technology-driven provider of accounts receivable financing to companies who need working capital but may not be able to obtain sufficient financing from their bank. Our focus is to help businesses release the liquidity tied up in their accounts receivable. With financing from LSQ, a business can purchase more inventory, fill more orders, and take advantage of new growth opportunities. Our technology and data driven approach to providing working capital, along with our accounts receivable management services, allows our clients to driving business success.

Job Overview

LSQ is searching for a Data Scientist (Risk) to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for building data driven tools to automate and scale risk decisions decision points include, fraud detection, commercial credit analysis, and invoice payment behavior. The ideal candidate is an experienced researcher and data wrangler who enjoys applying complex theories to solve real world business problems. The Data Scientist will need to collaborate effectively with both technical (engineers, data experts) and non-technical (business users) colleagues to bring the data to life.

Responsibilities of Data Scientist (Risk)
We have 20+ years of real-world commercial data weve observed businesses and their interactions with other businesses across market cycles, industries, and catastrophic events. Build risk tools that optimize for velocity and scale.
Build risk tools that optimize science & art you will work with risk experts who have been in the trenches (and learned from losses). Augment human decisions with machine.
Lay the foundation for scale. A data science framework for optimal data acquisition, model training and deployment. Dont take short-cuts. Bring quantitative and statistical rigor to your body of work.
Lead by example. You are joining a data team at ground-level. Building and inserting a data team, into a 20+ year old company (organism) will be hard, but rewarding.
Qualifications for Risk Data Scientist
Curiosity, Grit, and Humility
5+ years of experience of hands-on data science role
Previous experience of building commercial finance risk tools should be beneficial, but not required
Bachelor or Masters degree in Data Science, Operations Research, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, or another quantitative field
A toolkit of modern data science techniques
Experience with any data science tools/packages: Python, R, SAS, XGBoost, TensorFlow, NLTK
Experience with any big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Data Bricks
Experience with any reporting tools: Tableau Server, Power BI, SSRS, Excel
Experience with any AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Aurora, S3
Experience with any Stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming
Position Type and Expected Hours of Work:

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional evening and weekend work may be required as job duties demand.

Physical Demands:

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee is frequently required to reach with hands and arms and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk and stoop, kneel, crouch.

Travel:

There will be minimal travel required for this position.

LSQ is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived, race, religion, color, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), sexual orientation, parental status, national origin, age, disability, family medical history or genetic information, political affiliation, military service, any other non-merit based factor or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Our leadership team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment. If youd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm",4.4,"LSQ
4.4","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
94,Sr. Software Engineer (Python),-1,"SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER - Python/Node.js*
_(Top Secret - TS/SCI Clearance Required!)_
BigBear, Inc.* is an industry-leading provider of big data computing and analytics solutions. We help people make sense of their data using our cloud-based platform and big data processing algorithms. Each day, we crunch massive volumes of structured and unstructured data into usable and actionable information for our customers. We currently have offices in Reston, VA., Charlottesville, VA., and San Diego, CA.
REQUIRED: *
5+ years of professional software development experience (MINIMUM)*
Solid experience with Python/ Django, Node JS, or Flask.
Solid experience with PostgreSQL.
Solid experience in Linux environment.
Solid experience with data modeling, business logic, and RESTful APIs.
Experience with NGINX and SSL.
US Citizenship and TS/SCI US Security Clearance.
BS/MS in Computer Science or related field or equivalent military experience.
BONUS SKILLS: *
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process.
Experience with deployment automation in Amazon Web Services.
Experience with Django Framework.
Experience with geospatial toolkits including GDAL and PostGIS
Experience with high volume data flow.
Solid experience with Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, SQS, RDS).
TECHNOLOGY WE USE: *
• ElasticSearch
• PostgreSQL
• Python - Django
• Java
• AWS
• Docker
• Git
• Angular, React
• Jenkins
Our Company: *
BigBear, Inc.* is a software development company with locations in San Diego, Washington DC, Charlottesville, and Reston, VA. Our mission is to enable big data computing and analytics for our customers at a low cost. We leverage capabilities such as machine learning, crowdsourcing, geospatial image processing, and Extract-Transform-Load (ETL) data processing using our on-premise cloud computing technology stack. Our solutions provide a unique offering of products, custom-built software, and services focused within Big Data Analytics, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS), Visualization and Cloud Computing to our Department of Defense, and Commercial customers. We currently have exciting and challenging career opportunities for talented, motivated individuals who want to be part of a fast-growing company.
Our Team: *
We like to play with new toys and technologies. We like to break things to see if we can put them back together again in a better way. Our tails wag when we hear the words Big Data, Geospatial or Machine Learning. Each team member provides a unique set of advanced technical skills and trade that contributes to our overall success.
Perks/Benefits: *
· 100% employer-paid for Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance (PPO)
· A competitive salary based on experience
· Flexible Spending Account (FSA) - optional
· 401(k) with dollar-for-dollar match up to 6%
· A warm, cozy office with actual chairs and tables
· Life and Disability Insurance 100% paid for by the company
· Education Assistance
· 529 College Savings Plan - optional
· Healthy Rewards Program
· Pre-paid Legal & Identity Theft Protection - optional
· Gym Reimbursement
· Pet Insurance - optional
· A shiny magical machine that does wonderful things
· Flexible Hours
· Unlimited Coffee, Drinks and Snacks
· 6 WEEKS of Paid Time Off (PTO) on top of 11 Paid Holidays!
BigBear is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled *
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $110,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year

Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20032 (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Schedule::
Monday to Friday",4.4,"BigBear, Inc.
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
95,Associate Machine Learning Engineer,"$78k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is seeking recent college graduates and M.S. recipients in technical disciplines who are strongly motivated to contribute directly to solving real defense and intelligence challenges by providing ""game-changing"" operational solutions for our government sponsors. These individuals will join a team that is developing state-of-the-art algorithms to automatically analyze and identify key attributes from a wide variety of data sources. As part of the Advanced ISR Solutions team, you will work closely with domain experts and have access to cutting edge hardware to analyze large datasets, create new analytical tools, and address problems of critical national importance. This is an excellent opportunity to be part of an ambitious team committed to strong collaboration and intellectual rigor.

Responsibilities include:
Keep current with computer vision and machine learning research to replicate and baseline new techniques published in academia
Run experiments comparing state-of-the-art methods with a strong focus on performance when these methods are applied to sponsor driven data and real-world conditions
Adapt research done in academia and industry to our sponsors’ uniquely challenging data sources and problems sets
Develop prototype software to demonstrate feasibility of the algorithm/approach to our sponsors
Code in MATLAB, Python, or other scripting languages for prototyping/testing algorithms and software tools in a team environment
Analyzing data from cutting-edge sensor systems including video, infrared, hyperspectral, and others
Brainstorming/problem solving with experienced technical staff to develop solutions for challenging problems and working with small teams to implement those solutions
Developing front-end interface software for web applications or mobile devices
Possess demonstrated ability to provide deliverables or parts of deliverables to customer
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical, Computer or Systems Engineering or related field
1+ years of relevant experience
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with the ability to possess/maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Strong problem-solving skills and capable of working with scientists, analysts, and technical software developers
Strong software development skills, preferably with knowledge of machine learning and/or deep learning frameworks
Domain knowledge of machine learning and computer vision techniques for classification, detection, and key attribute extraction
Practical experience in statistics and knowledge of big data biases
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in technical field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active DoD clearance are preferred
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
96,"Sr. Principal Engineer, Machine Learning Platform","$159k-$263k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Our mission is to protect life.
We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. From our company's inception building the TASER device to a full suite of hardware and software solutions, we are focused on providing police agencies with the state-of-the-art devices and services they need to successfully serve and protect us. In the next few years, we're going to eliminate the burden of paperwork in policing, so officers can increase the time they spend building relationships and serving in their communities. We’ll put video at the heart of the police record so our justice system can get to the truth faster. And we won't stop innovating until the bullet is rendered obsolete.

It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day.

Your Impact
You will report directly to Axon’s SVP of AI and be a critical member of the AI Leadership team. You will be responsible for architecting, designing and delivering machine learning systems and platforms that harness Axon’s vast and growing network of sensors, signals, and data to provide measurably differentiated outcomes for our public safety customers and the communities they serve.

As a Sr. Principal Engineer, you will collaborate with product management, science and engineering stakeholders to identify key strategic machine learning platform opportunities for Axon AI to invest in. You will identify the right architecture to meet the requirements, assess the implementation risk and define the success metrics for multiple projects while actively providing guidance to other machine learning platform engineers within the team. You will design scalable systems and workflows to scale the entire machine learning life cycle from initial experimentation by AI Scientist to deployment and continuous monitoring/training of deployed models.

The ideal candidate will have a proven software engineering and scalable distributed systems architectural background as well as a consistent track record of success with hands-on execution and demonstrated ability to guide machine learning engineering teams. We need someone willing to be fearless and more than willing to take on bold challenges. By accelerating adoption of our technologies, you'll help protect life in public safety for both officers and the communities they serve around the world.
Your Day-to-Day
Operate as a thought leader and visionary, with the ability to guide, influence and inspire peak performance, innovation and adoption of the latest engineering practices to enable AI technologies across the Axon value chain .
Mentor and provide guidance to a world-class team of machine learning engineers that deliver novel, strategic AI-enabled solutions with diverse, industry-leading skills in distributed machine Learning training workflows, edge AI, data engineering and tools both in the cloud and on-device.
Collaborate with science, tech and product teams on defining, architecting and building data ingestion systems and model training pipelines from experimentation to deployment, monitoring and continuous performance improvement.
Bring your industry expertise to challenge existing assumptions and introduce new distributed system architectures including high-throughput machine learning training pipelines and low-latency model hosting technologies
Lead by example by emphasizing collaborative and inclusive teamwork fostering a culture of ownership, experimentation, and innovation
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or an equivalent highly technical field
7+ years of software engineering experience and a proven track record of successfully architecting and building highly available, low latency systems for high traffic applications
Fluency in Scala (or Java) as well as prior experience working with machine learning workflows in python
Designed and built multiple complex, scalable, high throughput, low latency streaming/batch processing machine learning pipelines for both data and algorithm execution
Advanced knowledge and hands-on experience with major cloud environments (such as AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud)
Excellent problem solving skills and ability to dive into system architecture, design, performance metrics, code, test plans, project plans, deployments and operations
Comfort communicating and interacting with scientists, engineers and product managers
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or an equivalent highly technical field
9+ years of software engineering experience building and shipping data science and AI enabled products
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with machine learning platforms from major providers (such as AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud)
Familiarity with IoT/Edge AI and optimizing ML pipelines to run on-device with constrained compute, power and latency budgets
Compensation and Benefits
Competitive salary and 401k with employer match
Discretionary paid time off
Robust parental leave policy
An award-winning office/working environment
Ride along with police officers to see them use our technology and get inspired
And more...
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.7,"Axon
3.7","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
97,Sr. Full Stack Engineer,"$75k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx

Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company?

At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way. We want Alteryx to be recognized as much for our dynamic work culture as for our products.

About Alteryx Innovation Labs

The Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve dynamic problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we’re looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.

Overview

As a Senior Full stack Engineer, you will work within the Innovation Labs engineering teams to build features and components end-to-end in order to help us build and deliver a new web-based data science product. In this role, you will have the opportunity to problem solve, drive projects to success, communicate with stakeholders, and learn from both success and failures as part of a dynamic, friendly and ambitious team with technical influence throughout Alteryx and beyond.

Responsibilities
Be a senior member on the engineering team to build a large and complex (in a fun way!) application using React/Redux with Scala/Python backend
Work closely with UI/UX team to provide feedback on designs and transform them into functioning user-facing products
Work closely with Product and Engineering leadership on the technical and product roadmap
Consume and inform the design of machine learning and data science APIs that powers the application
Incorporate user feedback to improve the product
Author new features, from conception and design to implementation and testing
Requirements
5+ years of experience in front-end web development, ideally with several years of React
3+ years of experience in a modern backend language (Python, NodeJS, Go, Scala, etc.)
Experience building and deploying applications in a dockerized-based environment, ideally on AWS.
Experience writing clear and effective documentation
Experience with automated testing and tools like Jest, Cypress, CircleCI, Github Actions, Selenium, etc.
Drive to build quality features and components end-to-end
Bonus
Demonstrated (in your portfolio) eye for design and solving real-world user problems end-to-end, if you have examples to show that’s awesome
Experience with data visualization
Experience with API design
Contributions to open-source frameworks and/or libraries.
Benefits & Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Health plans that cover your family and pets
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
98,Aviation Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer,"$106k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
99,Sr. Vision Engineer,-1,"Softwear Automation is disrupting the $100B sewn products industry by reducing sewing labor costs via cutting-edge robotics. We are excited to be changing the clothing manufacturing industry in a way that hasnt been seen since the Industrial Revolution and are in need of a few smart, passionate people to join our growing team!

Role Description:

As a member of a highly collaborative and groundbreaking team, you will be challenged to build out our design-to-product CAD software pipeline and write robot control code.

We are looking for an experienced machine vision specialist to help us develop image-processing algorithms to support our fabric handling, identification, and defect detection systems. You will be working closely with the rest of our team to build the technology that will allow clothing brands to respond even more quickly to customer needs and desires.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Research and implement computer vision and machine learning primitives
Collaborate and contribute with other engineers to facilitate creation of novel embedded architectures
Find the optimal balance between setting and maintaining a research direction, and day-to-day delivery of robust and flexible services
Research, develop, maintain and build state-of-the-art algorithms to analyze images
Execute model building
Determine implementation of algorithms
Critical Skills & Experience:
Solid machine/ computer vision experience
5+ years of continuing development skills: C++, Python, Linux environment, etc
Proficient in algorithms and mathematics
Deep understanding of software architecture and object oriented programming/design
Collaborate with hardware architects to facilitate creation of novel embedded architectures for future deep learning workloads
Flexible, can-do attitude
Desired Experience:
Experience with OpenCV
Experience with CUDA",4.8,"SoftWear Automation
4.8","Austell, GA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
100,Senior Software Engineer - Machine Learning,"$100k-$173k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What will you do?

At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data every day, and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve the American dream on our realtor.com website and mobile apps. You'll engage with some of the best and the brightest co-workers and leaders, learn and contribute, and have a great time. We work hard, play hard, and recognize achievement rewarding passion for innovation, creativity, and quality. If you enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic, cutting-edge work environment and desire to make a meaningful contribution to the business, then make the move!

Responsibilities:
Collaborate closely with data scientists, product managers and other cross-functional teams.
Build end-points, pipelines and supporting infrastructure to productionize Machine Learning models.
ML Ops (monitor inference performance, scalability, availability etc).
Take on complex problems, learn quickly, iterate, and persist towards good scalable, production grade solutions.
Help recruit, mentor and support growth of engineers within the team
Work collaboratively in an Agile/Scrum team to plan and execute at high velocity, and across teams throughout the organization to reuse existing components and architect shared functionality
Take ownership and responsibility for team practices and processes and their continuous improvement.
What will you bring?
Requirements:
Degree preferred in engineering or computer science.
BS and 5+ years/MS and 3+ years of working on complex, scalable backend systems.
2+ years of industry experience deploying Machine Learning models to production at scale.
Proficient in Python, Node.js and / or Java.
Experience working with public cloud stack preferably in AWS.
Experience with AWS stack - at least a few of the following - S3, Athena, EC2, ECS, Lambda, SageMaker, SQS, SNS, Kinesis, MongoDB, and DynamoDB
Exposure to Docker and Containerization
Knowledgeable of core CS concepts such as: structured and unstructured data, data management and querying, common data structures and algorithms
Strong communication, analytical, and people skills
Preferred Requirements:
Prior experience of working with Data Scientists and Machine Learning projects
Familiarity with Machine Learning processes is a plus
Experience with GraphQL, API Gateway, Microservices is a plus
Experience with ML platforms is a plus
About realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.

#LI-IH1",2.8,"realtor.com
2.8","Santa Clara, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
101,SolidWorks CAD Engineer Tech Industrial Designer Drafter,-1,"*JOB: *INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN (SolidWorks Tech)

*Status: *Full time, salaried, exempt

*Location: *Clinton, LA Main Office

*Office Hours: *Monday – Friday, 8am to 5pm

*www.pactecinc.com *

From a small town in Louisiana to a true global footprint, PacTec, Inc. is the leader in custom engineered packaging solutions for the transportation, construction, industrial, and waste industries. We operate multiple sales, manufacturing, and distribution locations across the world.

Our office in Clinton, LA (25 miles north of the BTR Airport) makes a commute to the Felicianas fun, with perks such as an in-house gym with shower, gourmet Jura coffee service, fishing ponds, exercise & recreational acreage, and a modern office environment.

This position qualifies for benefits, including but not limited to health, dental, vision, company-matching IRA, and employer-paid life insurance.

Equal Opportunity Employer; Veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

_This standard procedure establishes and describes the duties, authority, responsibility and measurements of performance for the Industrial Engineering Tech. It should not be construed to be an all-encompassing list._

*MAJOR ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: *

*1)* Use 3D computer-aided design software (SolidWorks) to create product diagrams and manufacturing drawings using provided specifications.

*2)* Provide 2D .dwg or .dxf files for CNC cutting machine.

*3)* Create manufacturing work orders (including material cut sheets) to calculate material usage and equipment requirements to minimize waste, and estimate labor and equipment usage.

*RESPONSIBILTIES & DUTIES: *

*Technical: *

• Ensure final designs comply with customer requirements, transportation regulations, quality standards, and on-site manufacturing capabilities.

• Manage and interpret customer requirements, & convey customer requirements to product management teams

• Ongoing continuing education with regard to software and training

*Cost Estimating: *

• Develop the estimates and pricing within the policies and procedures established by the company and perform adjustments when needed.

• Advises and participates in cost and quality deviations from original engineered estimates on new products and will recommend solutions to the deviations.

• Prepare cost estimates based on customer requirements

*Design: *

• Helps in the research, development, and design of custom made products.

_• _Aspects of research and development including but not limited to researching market trends for new technology and researching new ideas including but not limited to:

_- Costing_

_- Researching and finding new materials._

_- Designing_

_- Communicating with sales reps on new developments._

• Support and implement new product and process runs

*Work Orders: *

• Provide computer-rendered diagrams

• Describe production methods step-by-step (including equipment and materials)

*Teamwork: *

• Acts in a liaison capacity between the customer, sales and manufacturing for the express purpose of verifying and validating customers expressed and implied requirements.

• Provides sales engineering by interacting with the company’s customers involving design, process, estimating, cost and concepts of the projects.

• Provide product, service or equipment technical and engineering information by answering questions and requests.

• Communicate regularly with management to facilitate continuous improvement and ongoing learning.

*Manufacturing: *

• Identify potential or real time operational issues and design products to improve functionality and manufacturing efficiency.

*Sales: *

• Acts as a liaison between sales staff and customers to better understand products’ proper use and application.

• Provides Sales application engineering interface with customers, provides input into the company’s process parameters and capabilities and assembles all information resulting in a written proposal.

• Make technical presentations and demonstrate how a product will meet client needs.

• Help sales team with coordinating and finalization of sales projects.

*Engineering: *

• Work on development of new products and new methods of manufacturing so that they meet the established growth objectives of the company.

• Develop, implement, and evaluate procedure and process changes including design and implementation of improvement projects.

• Provide technical advice and support to resolve unusual client and/or manufacturing problems with work instructions and processing.

• Provide technical assistance to the plant in relation to process parameters and standard manufacturing methods, work instructions, processing, and sales

*Quality Assurance: *

• Document control

• Work with Quality personnel on various projects.

• Perform other duties as requested by the President or VP of Engineering.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
* Dental insurance
* Health insurance
* Life insurance
* Paid time off
* Retirement plan
* Vision insurance
Schedule:
* Monday to Friday

Experience:
* SolidWorks: 3 years (Preferred)

Education:
* Associate (Preferred)

Work Location:
* One location

Benefits offered:
* Paid time off
* Health insurance
* Dental insurance
* Other types of insurance
* Gym memberships or discounts
* Workplace perks such as food/coffee and flexible work schedules

Company's website:
* www.pactecinc.com

Company's Facebook page:
* https://www.facebook.com/pactecinc/",4.0,"PacTec, Inc.
4.0","Baton Rouge, LA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
102,Senior Data Scientist,"$72k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
103,Full Stack Engineer Lead - Digital Innovation Team,"$70k-$124k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Every day, Global Payments makes it possible for millions of people to move money between buyers and sellers using our payments solutions for credit, debit, prepaid and merchant services. Our worldwide team helps over 3 million companies, more than 1,300 financial institutions and over 600 million cardholders grow with confidence and achieve amazing results. We are driven by our passion for success and we are proud to deliver best-in-class payment technology and software solutions. Join our dynamic team and make your mark on the payments technology landscape of tomorrow.

Global Payments is the parent company for TSYS, Netspend, Heartland, TouchNet, OpenEdge, Xenial, Greater Giving, ACTIVE Network, and AdvancedMD. Headquartered in Georgia with over 24,000 employees worldwide, Global Payments is a member of the S&P 500 with worldwide reach spanning over 100 countries throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Latin America. For more information, visit globalpaymentsinc.com and follow Global Payments on Twitter (@globalpayments), LinkedIn and Facebook.

Full S tack Engineer Lead, Digital Innovation Team

At TSYS, we’re building the future of payments. As a member of the Digital Innovation team, you’ll be part of a team passionate about technology and using it to modernize payments, and the overall banking experience. We build a wide variety of solutions from automated infrastructure and cloud-based systems, to machine learning and user experiences for web, mobile and IoT. We’re looking for people who want to join our team of designers, engineers and enthusiasts and be a part of what’s happening.

Example products that you’ll be working on as a part of the TSYS DI team...

Create open API’s and content for TSYS Developers ( developers.tsys.com ), our client hub for open technology (API’s, SDK’s and much more) developed by TSYS.
Mobile and mobile web cardholder experiences that leverage open technologies like react.js and react native, node, swift2, java, springboot, . Net and others.
Campaign, content and push notification systems that leverage things like Kafka, javascript, java9 and spring to deliver content to multiple channels.
Our industry leading fraud engine that leverages ML to learn and detect fraud patterns.
Our hybrid cloud application infrastructure that’s based on docker, kubernetes, microservices and postgres.

Everyday you’ll do these kinds of things…

Collaborate with engineers across the Digital Innovation team to create technical designs, develop, test and solve complex problems that drive the solution from initial concept to production.
Contribute to our automated build, deploy and test processes for each solution.
Work with a wide range of systems, processes and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end.
Transcend the traditional boundaries of Frontend and Backend, designing and delivering performant, maintainable, and scalable features.
Think in terms of components and systems while considering a holistic user experience.
Work in an engineering focused, iterative team that’s composed of people with a wide range of skills.
Demo your work for colleagues and members of the business team.
Conduct research on new and interesting technologies that help to progress our products and platforms.

To qualify, you’ll need to have:

Highly Preferred

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in computer science, information technology or business information systems or related field.
Full-stack experience in one or more of the following: Java, Springboot, Javascript, SQL, Reactjs, Redux, scripting languages, unix and the confidence to easily pick up others.
Working experience in modernizing .Net applications to Java, springboot microservices
Exposure to architectural patterns of a large, high-scale applications (e.g., well-designed APIs, mobile apps, data integrations, and/or large mobile web applications).
Exposure to devops tools like Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, ELK stack, etc.
Fluent, open communication style – speaking, writing, collaborating.
Demonstrated understanding of user experience, user centered design and responsive web design.

Preferred

Minimum two years relevant experience with advanced coding skills.
Experience designing and developing large distributed, mobile, machine learning, responsive web or API software systems.
Experience working in a team-based, start-up or agile development environment.
Track record of pursuing self-directed side projects, research, or open source projects.
What Are We Looking For in This Role?
TSYS Minimum Qualifications
BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business / Management Information Systems or related field
Typically minimum of 6 years - Professional Experience In Coding, Designing, Developing And Analyzing Data. Typically has an advanced knowledge and use of two or more opposing front / back end languages / technologies from the following but not limited to; t wo or more modern programming languages used in the enterprise, e xperience working with various APIs, external Services, e xperience with both relational and NoSQL Databases

Not Ready to Apply? Join Our Talent Community!!

US Applicants:
TSYS is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) committed to employing a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture.",3.0,"TSYS
3.0","Alpharetta, GA",-1,10000+ Employees,1983,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
104,"Sr. Backend Engineer, Machine Learning","$130k-$198k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Globality, we're proud to embody the core values of innovation, collaboration, and trust in both our culture and product.
We're creating ground-breaking technology utilizing a world-class, AI-powered Platform that revolutionizes how businesses buy and sell services. We are an open, inclusive, and diverse organization and our employees are at the heart of the great products we create.

We've raised over $172M and are supported by an impressive group of prominent investors, including Al Gore and SoftBank Vision Fund. Our co-founders, Joel Hyatt and Lior Delgo, are seasoned entrepreneurs who bring an extensive business-building experience to our organization. Our impressive board includes Dennis Nally (former Global Chairman of PwC) and Ron Johnson (former SVP of Apple).

Role Summary:
We seek an engineer with a passion for building machine learning and data pipeline solutions to power intelligent product features at scale.

Does this sound like you?

Are you excited about separating signal from noise in web-scale datasets?

Do you enjoy building software that improves user experience by helping users reach the right conclusions?

Does your ideal work environment involve collaborating within multi-functional teams in a dynamic startup environment?

Are you motivated by directly impacting the core technologies that power a meaningful business platform?

If so, you should join our team.

What you will be doing:
Be a lead contributor to the design and implementation of our core infrastructure and data pipeline, powering our Machine Learning and NLP products. In collaboration with our data scientists and senior engineers, you'll be improving indexing logic, tuning relevancy, and optimizing performance, towards the overall goal of delivering a delightful user experience to our end-users and internal users, across a range of ML-powered products
Wrangle messy data. Real-world data, especially as found on the web, comes in all shapes and sizes, and can often be noisy. Working alongside our NLP engineers, drive solutions for cleaning noisy text, normalizing it and ensuring high-quality data through-out our ML pipeline.
What we are looking for:
You have at least 5 years of software development experience in crafting high performance, reliable and scalable production systems
You have strong engineering experience in Python, in particular in the context of ML applications, using frameworks such as pandas, nltk, Pattern, spaCy.
You have experience working with noisy textual data, and are familiar with the various text normalization methodologies that are employed to index such data effectively
Deep understanding of core computer science fundamentals and distributed systems
Bonus: You have ample experience with Information Retrieval and Web Search systems, such as Elasticsearch, ideally cloud-based deployments such as via AWS or Elastic Cloud.
We are an equal opportunity employer and a participant in the E-Verify program. We believe diversity makes teams better and that discrimination based on race, gender, or anything else is self-defeating.",3.9,"Globality, Inc.
3.9","Menlo Park, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
105,Data Scientist,"$80k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Data Scientist will partner with stakeholders from various business functions to identify data science opportunities, have the knowledge, experience and technical skills to leverage internal and external data, and apply the right machine learning/big data technologies to turn such data into valuable insights and solutions for the company. The candidate will be tasked with gathering and integrating large volumes of data to develop complex predictive / machine learning models to drive actionable results and insights especially in the areas of fraud / anomaly detection, claims automation / self service and general efficiency opportunities. This is a highly visible and impactful role where the Data Scientist will interact with the senior and executive level management and have the opportunity to influence what we do and how we do it through data science.

Responsibilities:
Create a collaborative and effective working relationship with functional leaders to understand business problems, identify opportunities / use cases to improve the performance of our businesses
Lead / Contribute to the development of actionable solutions. This includes all aspects of the solution development including problem and goal definition, defining a plan for:
Sampling of the data and conducting experiments
Data extraction
Ingestion and processing (outlier and missing data handling)
Exploratory data analysis
Feature engineering (weight of evidence, label encoding, label count encoding, target encoding, time-series, polynomial interactions, binning, outlier handling)
Feature selection (forward, backwards, information value)
Hyperparameter optimization of machine learning models
Experiment tracking for A/B testing and reproducibility, model evaluation, model interpretability, results communication and deployment
Contribute to the adoption and better understanding across the company of data science best practices and tools and stay up to date regarding new knowledge and developments in this domain
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Core skills in Computer Science: Data Structures, Algorithms, Programming Paradigms and Relational Databases
Deep working experience applying statistics and machine learning techniques to real-world problems and data and deploying models to production
Hands-on experience with SQL and tools to access databases
Expertise in Python and R
Expertise with open source data mining/machine learning/big data programming libraries, models and frameworks (e.g. Pandas, Scikit-Learn, H2O, TSFresh, FeatureTools, MLflow, Shap, Microsoft Interpret, Tensorflow, Statsmodels, Pandas-Profiling, Seaborn, Plotly, Spark, Koalas)
Working experience with cloud computing services such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Excellent presentation skills to non-technical Associates communicating complex concepts in terms the audience can understand through understandable language, tables and visualizations
When evaluating the candidate, special attention will be paid to the following competencies:
Intellectual Curiosity and Critical Thinking, necessary to analyze a problem from multiple perspectives and examine the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated
Autonomous, to own projects end-to-end; ability to work on the entire stack without being dependent on other team members
Focus, to design and test a technique over days and weeks, find it doesn’t work, learn from the failure, and try again
Creativity, to invent and try new approaches to solving a problem
Attention to Detail, in order to maintain rigor and to detect and avoid over-reliance on intuition when examining data
Clear and concise written and oral communication, in order to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner
Interpersonal skills, necessary to build good working relationships and work as part of a team
PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math or a related discipline or equivalent skill set",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
106,SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER,"$59k-$85k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


Providing design, development, and analysis on components, engines, transmissions, and vehicles, we also support research and modeling for fuel mixing, combustion, filtration, and fluid flow analysis. We are pioneers in measuring engine and vehicle exhaust emissions.


Objectives of this Role:

Serve as project leader and design engineer on in-cylinder flow, turbulence, combustion, and emissions from SI and CI engines.
Lead or facilitate projects involving 3D CFD to model engine after treatment system and battery. Offer technical leadership and direction to team developing new models or techniques to describe phenomena within an engine
Supervise reports and makes presentation summarizing test results to domestic and international clients.Interface with clients to define and coordinate projects, provide updates, and share results.
Manage CFD and other modeling and simulation tests. Prepare bids and promotional efforts as well as proposal presentation in the area of powertrain analysis. Develop long-term goals and projects for clients and internal research teams

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Serve as project leader and design engineer on in-cylinder flow, turbulence, combustion, and emissions from SI and CI engines.
Lead or facilitate projects involving 3D CFD to model engine after treatment system and battery. Offer technical leadership and direction to team developing new models or techniques to describe phenomena within an engine
Supervise reports and makes presentation summarizing test results to domestic and international clients.Interface with clients to define and coordinate projects, provide updates, and share results.
Manage CFD and other modeling and simulation tests. Prepare bids and promotional efforts as well as proposal presentation in the area of powertrain analysis
Develop long-term goals and projects for clients and internal research teams

Requirements:


Requires a Masters or foreign equivalent, in Mechanical Engineering
Must have three years of post-baccalaureate mechanical engineering experience
The three years of experience must include experience with engine systems analysis related to in-cylinders, emissions, and aftertreatment in-cylinder CFD; 3D CFD software
Pro/E; modeling in-cylinder flow, turbulence, and emissions; aftertreatment systems; and modeling and simulation of engine systems
Must travel 10% domestically and internationally


Special Requirements:


Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
107,Senior Android Engineer,"$57k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are

WillowTree is an award-winning digital product agency driven by innovation and grounded in strategy and user-centered design. We create long-term partnerships with the world's leading brands to design and build digital flagship products crucial to their core business. We are one of the largest independent digital firms in the US. Some of our clients include HBO, National Geographic, Anheuser-Busch, and PepsiCo.

The Opportunity

As a Senior Software Engineer at WillowTree, you'll have the opportunity to impact teammates throughout various stages of their careers. You'll have clear oversight of how engineering runs day-to-day and will influence project outcomes.

We understand our responsibility to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive place within the tech industry, while pushing to make our industry more representative. Because of this responsibility, we need candidates who value diversity and inclusion through their work, team collaboration, or mentorship. So in your cover letter, we encourage you to reflect on diversity, equity, and inclusion.
This is not a remote position and may require some travel. Currently, all team members are working from home until our offices reopen.
Responsibilities
Lead the delivery of large and complex software projects from beginning to end in a team-based environment
Confidently deliver high-quality software by applying critical thinking to products, requirements, and processes
Work closely with clients to influence technical product decisions and business goals
You'll stay up to date with the landscape of software engineering best practices, tools, and frameworks
Understanding of various software architectures and can adapt and compose solutions to unique problems with sustainable and reusable solutions
Mentor a larger team towards shared goals and outcomes
Navigate difficult conversations by providing constructive feedback to teams and clients
You'll identify obstacles to ensure quality, improve our user experience and how we build software
Self-aware of limitations, yet curious to learn new solutions and receptive to constructive feedback from teammates
You'll guide your team to understand and work through changing priorities by bringing positive energy
Communicate and simplify complex problems in order to foster understanding across multidisciplinary teams
Apply your knowledge and findings at an organizational scale
You'll travel onsite to meet with our clients about one week per month
Qualifications
You've built and deployed complex software at scale involving at least one of our core technologies (iOS, Android, Web Apps, API Engineering)
You understand unit testing, when to apply design patterns, and how to use tools like profilers
Significant expertise with ORM/SQLite, understanding of versioning and migrations
Experience with CoordinatorLayout
Knowledge of layout pass implications and performance
Experience managing multiple themes and styles across an application
Grasp of resource buckets for defining locale and device specific layouts and resources
Ability to account for accessibility services like TalkBack (focusability, content descriptions, accessibility delegates, etc.)
Understanding of how to avoid data races, experience with shared memory between threads, and knowledge of when to use concurrent collections
You've owned and led the delivery of major features and components
You've worked with clients and stakeholders (consulting experience, ability to have difficult conversations or solve and advocate for best practices)
Empathetic to client needs and desire to contribute sound recommendations on technical architecture and design
Leadership or mentorship experience
Can present complex ideas to clients and team members in a compelling and energetic way
Proficiency using, modifying, and creating development tools that foster efficiency and improve process
Eye for business - you consider 'big picture' perspectives and can successfully balance business goals and technical constraints
Bonus Points
You've conducted interviews and have hired for your team
Expertise with advanced automation tools (e.g. virtualization, machine learning-based testing, massive parallelization)
Basic understanding of how to design RESTful APIs that are optimized for responsive, interactive mobile experiences
Appreciation of pixel-perfect UI implementations
Experience with a build tool (e.g. Jenkins, TeamCity, CircleCI, Travis CI, etc)
Knowledge of risks identified in OWASP Secure Coding Practices
Understanding of appropriate licensing for 3rd party libraries
A list of emerging technologies we're interested in: Big Data, Machine Learning, Voice, AR/VR, Security Background, and IoT
You have code samples or a GitHub account to share and while you're there, check us out!

Even if you don't have expertise in all of the qualifications listed, we value new perspectives and backgrounds and encourage you to apply. We're committed to building a diverse company that reflects the diversity of our users. We're committed to growth-mindset.

Why WillowTree?

We offer a place to be yourself.

Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. That's why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. You'll work hard here; however, we'll balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. We're committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.

We want you to reach your fullest potential and part of your professional development at WillowTree will include dedicated time to innovate on passion projects and an annual stipend to fund your professional pursuits.

WillowTree celebrates our differences and provides equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that it's important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.",4.9,"WillowTree
4.9","Charlottesville, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2008,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
108,Principal ML Engineer,"$125k-$206k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description:

This role is fixed term, benefit eligible employment for 12 months and requires work authorization in the United States. Remote candidates in the United States will be considered.

Backstop is looking for an experienced Machine Learning 'ML' engineer that has a passion for solving complex automation, classification, and prediction problems. The ideal candidate has previous experience working with data classification, tagging, and information extraction. This role will report to the CTO and start out as a Principal focused blazing a trail with new technologies and approaches and can grow into a leadership role.
Required Experience:

Requirements:
Expertise in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to perform algorithm development and data analysis
Experience with data preparation, OCR, data classification and information extraction
Experience with scalable architecture designs
Experience with CI/CD on AWS
Responsibilities:
Design software-systems, applications, and data architectures that directly implement AI techniques to support achieving better accuracy and end-user automation
Implement ML approaches to business problems for the Backstop platform utilizing techniques such as prediction, optimization, and classification
Work hands-on and provide overall guidance to a team of SW engineers to implement AI/ML software
Design, develop, document, test and debugs applications software and systems
Collaborates with members of the Product team to understand business needs and translate those into technologies and us
Keyword: Principal Machine Learning Engineer
From: Backstop Solutions Group LLC
Apply now",3.4,"Backstop Solutions Group LLC
3.4","Chicago, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
109,Senior Data Scientist 3 Artificial Intelligence,"$70k-$115k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311094

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1 year of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
110,Machine Learning Software Engineer – Training Frameworks,"$90k-$151k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Machine Learning Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

AI is moving from cloud to the edge devices. QUALCOMM, as the world's leading mobile computing platform provider, is committed to enable the wide deployment of intelligent solutions on all possible devices. Be a part of our Deep Learning research project in Corporate R&D, where you will be involved and participate in building best-in-class solutions and tools needed to enable state-of-the-art technologies for next generation mobile/embedded machine learning platforms for smart phones, autonomous vehicles, robotics and IOT devices. In this role, you will work in a dynamic research environment, be part of a multi-disciplinary team of researchers and software developers, collaborate with internal teams, work with popular neural network frameworks, and understand the architecture of Qualcomms SOC compute and ML HW accelerators. You will design, develop & test software for machine learning frameworks that optimize models, training frameworks for distributed/federated learning, that enable models to run and learn efficiently run on edge devices. The successful applicant should have a strong software background, passion to work on neural network frameworks/libraries, and ability to lead teams in developing leading-edge software frameworks.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's, Computer Engineering and/or Computer Science and/or Electrical Engineering
8+ years of Software Engineering experience.
Extensive programming experience using C/C++ & Python.
Hands-on experience with machine learning libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch.
Preferred Qualifications
Strong object oriented design and development skills.
Knowledge of neural networks, with hands-on experience using ML frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch
Experience with enhancements to Training Frameworks and/or backends.
Experience developing CUDA kernels.
Knowledge of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), RNN/LSTMs
Familiarity with any of the deep learning compiler frameworks TVM, Glow or XLA
Experience leading teams in developing software from inception to delivery
Experience with TDD development solutions like GoogleTest etc.
Experience with Source Code and Configuration management tools, such as Git
Strong debugging and analysis skills, for root causing complex issues
Experience developing embedded software, preferably on-device ML
Previous experience working in an Agile environment, and collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.",4.0,"Qualcomm Incorporated
4.0","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
111,Principal Systems Engineer,"$82k-$162k
(Glassdoor Est.)","JOB SUMMARY

ThePrincipal Systems Engineer is responsible for participating in the research, design and development of test instrumentation for the electric power generation, transmission and distribution industry. This person will be responsible for evaluating architectural choices based on product requirements and ensuring that the architecture works across hardware, firmware and software components. The Principal Systems Engineer must be able to participate in a team environment, while managing their own assigned responsibilities. Responsibilities also include providing system-level architectural leadership to a small team of engineers and participating in the selection and definition of hardware and software architectures for future products.

The ideal candidate would be someone that has past experience with hardware design and/or FPGA programming and currently working in the embedded real-time, multi-processor environment. This position will be located in ourMarlborough, MA corporate headquarters, reporting to the Director of Software Engineering

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
Help evaluate new technologies and leverage those into product architectures resulting in the implementation of requested product functions.
Innovate new product features based on your ability to realize product from technical possibilities.
Provide technical leadership in the realm of system design.
Design, develop, test and document firmware components and applications.
Design, Develop and Test embedded real-time, multi-processor systems.
Work with engineering project teams to provide architectural technical leadership.
Lead technical requirements gathering, estimating, and planning efforts.
Leverage internal component reusability and open source solutions to improve time to market.
Develop products to promote the ease of implementing automated test suites (Nice-to-have).
Develop clear metrics for testing status and progress monitoring dashboards.
Mentorship of more junior engineers and on-going professional development activities.
As a member of the Engineering team, interface with mechanical, electrical, systems, and test engineers.
Participate in project team meetings.
Identify and implement process and development environment improvements.
Work with Development and project managers to assist in technical decision making.
Ensure cross product implementation consistency.
Work with other product teams on solutions.
Travel requirement: less than 5%.
DECISION-MAKING LATITUDE

This employee will be a member of design teams and, as a Principal engineer, will be responsible for guiding these teams in system designs.

QUALIFICATIONS

EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering required.

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:
15+ years of work experience in firmware and software development.
5+ years of work experience in a technical leadership role.
Ability to quickly prototype new concepts and ideas.
Ability to provide creativity while solving complex problems without known solutions.
Familiarity and experience working with Matlab, Linux, and scripting languages.
Knowledge of PC based applications.
Knowledge of FPGA programming.
Knowledge of hardware design Familiar with message bus technologies and implementations.
Team communication and collaboration experience (Such as a wiki).
Ability to assess new technologies via comprehensive reviews.
Experience working with hardware teams to isolate failure causes.
Proven track record of proactively working with the development and QA stakeholders.
Strong technical capabilities of a developer combined with a passion for assuring product quality.
DSP FPGA/CPLD implementations.
Project management skills, including planning, estimation and requirements management.
Expert level skills in one or more scripting languages such as TCL, Python and Perl.
Experience with embedded and host applications developed in C, C++, C# and .NET
PREFERRED EXPERIENCE (Not Required):
FPGA or DSP based digital loop control.
Simulation with PSpice, LTSpice, MATLAB, PSIM and/or Simulink.
Complete product life-cycle experience.
IEC61010-1 compliance experience.
Experience working in an agile engineering environment.
Experience working with Atlassian Jira, Confluence and Bitbucket products.
Experience or the desire to learn about utility power systems.
Experience with Protocol development and messaging systems.
Knowledge of equipment such as protectors, relays, transformers and power cable.


KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS& ABILITIES:
Ability to express ideas clearly in written and oral communications.
Willingness and excited to assume increased responsibility.
Expert knowledge of scripting and programming languages including C/C++ and Perl/Python/PHP.
Development experience Linux, Windows.
Expert knowledge of embedded multiprocessor systems, software/hardware test and validation, bug life cycle management, software development methodologies (waterfall and agile).
Strong communication skills that interweave presentation skills with the problem- solving process.
Strong interpersonal skill set.
Strong computer skills including network load flow software.
Well-developed technical writing skills.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:

While performing the duties of this job the employee is often required to stand, sit, use computers, read, write, type, use fax machines, use copy machines, file paperwork, use telephones, and utilize written and oral communication to interact with clients, co-workers and customers. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform the essential functions of this job. Must be capable of lifting 30 pounds.

---

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

We are an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law, are strongly encouraged to apply.

The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA) prohibits discrimination by employers, in compensation and employment opportunities, against qualified individuals with disabilities who, with or without reasonable accommodation, can perform the“essential functions” of a job. A function may be essential for any of several reasons, including: the job exists to perform that function, the employee holding the job was hired for his/her expertise in performing the function, or only a limited number of employees are available to perform that function.",3.1,"Doble Engineering Company
3.1","Marlborough, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1920,Company - Public,Utilities,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
112,General Software Engineer,"$72k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for junior software engineers for the AI innovation team in Baidu USA. Our AI innovation team targets the next generation of multimedia production with the help of AI. We've released our first production Vidpress, which gained lots of attention from the public. We evolved from a research project to a commercial online service provider. As we move along, we need more passionate engineers to join our dev force. Here are some perspectives we are looking for:

Qualifications:
1 to 2 years of experience as a software engineer or related experience
Solid coding skills in Python/C++ or both
Masters or higher degree in CS or related field
Experience with containers (docker) a plus
Experience with Kubernetes or other cluster operation system a plus
Experience with machine learning a plus
Experience with NLP/CV a plus
Mandarin speaker a plus
You will be working on:
Video production platform's stability and scalability
Online service architecture update and enhancement
Debug cluster issues
Continually discover, evaluate, and implement new ways to maximize development and execution efficiency
Culture Fit:
Mission alignment: If you want to be part of a team to accomplish this great mission, we will provide you the best possible platform to do that.
Self­-directed: We work best with people that are driven, motivated, and aspire to greatness. Are you the sort of person that, if you had time on your hands, will independently find interesting and useful things to do?
Hungry to learn: We are eager to see you learn new skills and grow. But learning is hard work and this is something we hope you want to do.
Team orientation: We work in small, fast­-moving teams. We don't believe in lone wolves. We watch out for each other and go after big goals together as a team.",4.1,"Baidu USA
4.1","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
113,Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Computer Vision),"$83k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title

Deep Learning Research Scientist / Engineer (Computer Vision)
Req ID

DSA33071
Overview
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. in San Diego is searching for systems engineers and computer scientists for research and algorithm development. Candidate will work as part of a team on the research, system design, and implementation of algorithms for application processors and multimedia processors. Candidate will conduct research in deep machine learning techniques and find solutions for computer vision, image and video processing. Candidate is preferred to have goods hands-on experience with machine learning and deep learning algorithm development
Responsibilities
Develop signal processing or machine learning algorithms for computer vision.
Make simulators and study the system performance.
Experience with deep learning and machine learning packages

Minimum Qualifications
PhD in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
Strong knowledge of computer vision, image and video processing, visual understanding.
Understand machine learning theory, concepts and applications
Experience with deep learning algorithm development
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Expertise in signal processing, computer vision, image processing, computer science, and/or machine learning
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Strong software skills, e.g. C/C++, Python, and MATLAB
Strong publication record

Preferred Qualifications
Experience in machine learning algorithm design for computer vision.

#LI-AK1
********************************************************************************************************************** Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays. ***********************************************************************************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
114,Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist,"$79k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Maxar is looking for a Geospatial Programmer/Data Scientist join our team in Northern VA. We use quick iteration and regular feedback to the prototype for our government customers before ultimately discovering the perfect fit. We embed our Geospatial Programmers with analytic teams in order to create custom-tailored web apps.

Life with Us
Project: Were improving upon models that use Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) to search for and identify objects. You would be the leader in this effort to design a scalable cloud-based solution and turn it into a real-world solution.

Career: Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor, and/or a mentor, to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be developing and enhancing a geospatial app and the supporting infrastructure. This app is used to facilitate greater workforce performance by:

Building and training Deep Learning models to accurately identify specified objects.

Accessing large and various data sets

Working with multiple mission partners to identify and evaluate data sources.

We work in a very Lean-Agile environment without the overhead associated with traditional Scrum. Weve eliminated unnecessary development meetings and we love it!

We work together with our govt. stakeholders in their spaces in a very free-flowing and technology-forward environment.

Minimum Requirements:
Must be a US Citizen with a current/active TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph

Bachelor's degree in a related field, e.g. Computer Science, Systems Engineering, etc.

8 years of relevant experience

Recent experience with some of the following technologies:
AWS: EC2, S3, RDS, Lambda, Cloudfront

Programming and Data Science Tools: Python or Java & experience using PyTorch, TensorFlow, or similar Machine Learning packages

Experience building and training ML computer vision models, classification or object detection

Understanding of methods for labeling training data for Machine Learning models

Experience in data engineering and methods to handle large quantities of data for Machine Learning

Linux Terminal

Preferred Skills:
Willingness to learn new tasks and tools

Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) Pipeline techniques and tools

Experience in building and publishing anaconda packages

Experience performing AI/ML projects in a cloud environment

Experience in model deployment for enterprise applications

Experience leading other developers

Strong interpersonal skills.

Exposure to GIS technologies, e.g. PostGIS, Esri ArcGIS Enterprise

#cjpost",3.5,"Maxar Technologies
3.5","Chantilly, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
115,Machine Learning Engineer,"$108k-$186k
(Glassdoor Est.)","CircleUp harnesses the power of machine learning and predictive analytics to discover some of the fastest-growing companies in the consumer & retail sector. We are building a predictive data system called ""Helio"" to bring the data-driven revolution that has occurred in the public markets to the private markets, starting with consumer & retail.

We are working on challenging problems in information retrieval, entity resolution, and developing an in-depth knowledge graph of all private companies. We are mining vast amounts of data to successfully rewrite the rules on how private companies are evaluated.

With a background in both software development and machine learning, you will collaborate with software engineers, data scientists, PMs, and domain experts in consumer investing to develop & ship predictive data products in support of CircleUp's mission - helping entrepreneurs thrive by connecting them with the capital & resources they need.

You are a passionate software engineer who is comfortable working across the full stack & lifecycle of predictive data products - prototyping, feature engineering, validation, and productionalization.

CircleUp was recently honored as one of Fast Company's Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Data Science and has been named a CB Insights FinTech 250, a Top 5 Most Disruptive Company in Finance by CNBC, and to the Forbes FinTech 50. Founded in 2012, CircleUp is headquartered in San Francisco and backed by Union Square Ventures, GV, Canaan Partners, QED Advisors, and others.

Responsibilities:
Collect and refine structured and unstructured data on private companies
Build out our entity resolution platform that can identify references to companies, brands and products in highly unstructured digital documents and link them back to real world entities
Build scalable production systems for data collection, data transformation, feature extraction, model training, and scoring, using distributed software tools
Build end to end algorithms for objectively measuring the quality of private consumer companies
Contribute to all phases of algorithm development including ideation, prototyping, design and production
We're looking for teammates who have:
Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information retrieval, Natural Language processing, Math, Statistics or related technical field
2+ years of experience in machine learning, NLP and/or information retrieval
Broad knowledge of machine learning APIs, tools, and open source libraries
Excellent coding skills and strong fundamentals in algorithms, data structures, predictive modeling and big data concepts
Experience putting models into production systems is a huge plus
An interest in disrupting and democratizing the entire industry within the private markets.
If you got to this point, we hope you’re feeling excited about the job description you just read! Even if you feel that you don't meet all of the requirements and qualifications, we still encourage you to apply. We’re eager to speak with those who share our passion to help entrepreneurs thrive - not just those who match every bullet point in our job descriptions.

CircleUp is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex and gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender identity and gender expression (including transgender individuals who are transitioning, have transitioned, or are perceived to be transitioning to the gender with which they identify), age, sexual orientation, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status and any other consideration protected by federal, state or local law. We encourage those who really want to make an impact to apply for our open positions.",4.5,"CircleUp
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Venture Capital & Private Equity,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
116,Sales Engineer,"$47k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Description

ifm efector, inc., headquartered in Malvern, PA, has earned the distinguished Top Employers certification for 2020 in North America for our outstanding people practices. ifm efector is the US subsidiary of ifm electronic gmbh, a global company with over 7,300 employees in 95 countries serving 174,000 customers worldwide. Our core business is the development and production of sensors and controls for industrial automation and process applications.

""Exceptional success can only be achieved when the employees believe in the company and when they know that they are treated in a fair and honest way."" -ifm philosophy

ifm is a privately-owned company whose success can be attributed to three guiding principles: Employees First, Customer Loyalty, and Safe Growth. With a supportive and collaborative culture, ifm welcomes new ideas and fosters honest communication and trust. Distinguished by their individual capabilities and contributions, every employee plays a role in the success of our business, so that we may provide innovative solutions to meet and exceed our customer’s business needs. ifm is dedicated to ensuring employees are engaged, enabled, and empowered to realize their full potential in a positive, diverse, and inclusive work environment filled with meaning and a shared sense of purpose.

“We have amazing products, but best of all we have amazing people. This is a core value of our success.” - Roger Varma, CEO, ifm efector

Deemed an essential business during the 2020 global pandemic, ifm has maintained successful operations both in-person for production and distribution roles, and in creative ways as appropriate for sales and other corporate departments. A significant number of employees have returned to the office with exceptional precautions in place, as the primary focus remains the health and well-being of our employees. As a leader in innovation ifm continues to leverage an array of business technologies to cultivate the customer relationship, especially in cases where on-site visits are not yet feasible.

Position Description

ifm is seeking a self-motivated, results-driven Sales Engineer to join our growing organization. Your relationship skills, strong business acumen and technical expertise will be paramount in working with automation machine builders and manufacturing plants in the southeastern US to define process improvements that improve their bottom-line results.

Job Responsibilities

Engage with customers and potential customers to learn about their business, the products they make and the initiatives they have for improvement.
Implement a sales process that clearly defines the customer's challenge and their concept for a solution.
Adept at determining the decision-making process and key stakeholders involved in a sale.
Leverage technical product and application knowledge to provide high quality solutions to automation challenges.
Effectively communicate with customers using digital media such as web conferences, LinkedIn and phone calls. Conduct in-person meetings on large projects to evaluate machines, solve applications or present ifm solutions.
Work in a team selling environment to leverage expertise across the sales team.
Energetically approaches new business and prospecting to develop future growth.
Continuously learn automation industry trends and ifm solutions that relate to those trends.
Position largely measured on sales and new customer growth.

Candidate Requirements

1 to 5 years of related technical sales experience preferred.
Engineering or Business degree preferred.
Industrial automation experience preferred.
Strong verbal and written communication skills to effectively interact with all levels within an organization.
Ability to sell in remote or face-to-face situations.
Attention to detail; ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment.
Self-disciplined with a high sense of urgency to be a collaborative business partner.
Ability to work with various teams as well as independently.

ifm efector, inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability or handicap, marital or protected veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local law.

Back Share
Apply Now",4.4,"ifm efector, inc.
4.4","Charlotte, NC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
117,Software Engineer - Data Science,"$60k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join ClearEdge and be a part of the team of men and women that solve some of the DoD’s most complex technical challenges. Every day, ClearEdge empowers customers in Government and industry with innovative data driven solutions.
Check out our extremely competitive benefits package at clearedgeit.com/benefits which includes a 10k annual training/education benefit, tech bonuses, and state of the art technology lab. We also offer monthly TechConnect and DeepDive collaboration sessions with our entire technical staff, fully paid.

Your mission: Work with a dynamic team and key stakeholders to generate and execute challenging solutions to mission problems.
We are seeking Software Engineers of all levels with Data Science experience. The position requires a self-starter with excellent problem-solving skills. The right person will work closely with the customer to gather requirements for assisting in solving real world problems using data science techniques. The candidate should be experienced with exploratory data analysis, machine learning, network graph modeling, information insight, data mining, data driven analytics and statistical methods.
You will excel in this role if you are:
Results-oriented developer who can leverage your technical skills and techniques to successfully design, develop and deploy software solutions
Self-motivated and have a desire to build new skills
Are familiar with Agile frameworks and methodologies with a desire to be a certified SCRUM Master
Enjoy learning new technologies, are a forward thinker, and are interested in growing your career with a cutting-edge technology company
A day in the life consists of:
Working directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems
Creating and deploying predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods
Performing enterprise level software development, integration, and implementation using advanced data science or big data technologies
Establishing and implementing end-to-end proof of concepts
Performing data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling and simulation, and forecasting for the development of solutions
Working across multi-functional teams to formulate, prototype, implement, and fine tune solutions
Educating product development and operations teams using documentation, presentations, and demonstrations
Establishing strong, collaborative working relationships with Government customers, technical staff, and peers
What we are expecting from you:
Experience in the design and development of data science software applications
Bachelor’s or Advanced degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline
Experience with Exploratory Data Analysis including wrangling, grooming, transformation, and analysis
Experience applying statistical methods to solve data problems
Software development programming experience in languages such as Python, R, Java, Scala
Experience using IDE tools such as Jupyter to develop and demonstrate results
Experience with integrating and using Data Science libraries such as scikit-learn, MlLib, Pandas, python (Jupyter, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.), R, Java
Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Experience with Agile development and Agile tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence)
Experience within the SIGINT mission environment and an understanding of customer data formats
Strong analysis and problem-solving experience
Nice to have:
Experience using large-scale distributed frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Tensorflow
Experience with GPU-based machine learning techniques


About us: Experienced advanced analytic development company providing new Cyber solutions to current and emerging missions.
Our Core Values of Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Fairness, Respect, Responsibility, and Accountability drive our mission and vision and are the heart of what we do each day. We combine our Core Values with the three key elements of people, technology, and integrity to repeatedly deliver stellar results within our primary competencies.
ClearEdge is also pleased to share that we have recently expanded our prime and subcontract presence into new Cyber markets!
If this position does not fit your skillset, please visit our Careers page to explore our current openings, or contact a ClearEdge recruiter at careers@clearedgeit.com. ClearEdge is an equal opportunity employer.",4.1,"ClearEdge
4.1","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
118,Senior Principal Engineer,-1,"We are seeking a Senior Principal Engineer to join our product development team. In this role, you will be a technical leader on our Lexio team. Lexio is an innovative product that combines data analysis, natural language generation, and an intuitive user experience to reimagine Business Intelligence. As a Senior Principal Engineer, you will have technical ownership over significant parts of the Lexio codebase. You will be challenged with a diverse set of projects including greenfield product development and system-level platform improvements.

While technical work will be your primary focus, you are a problem solver at your core. You are a collaborator who is energized by working with the entire spectrum of the Lexio team; engineering, product, design, customer success, and go-to-market. You are driven to build something great and resilient to the fact that customer and user needs often change. You take delight in:
Using creativity and innovation to make products better for the end-user every day
Working on unique technical problems in the emerging field of data storytelling
Working in small teams to efficiently design and build solutions to novel problems
Expressing your perspective even when it may not be a popular one
Mentoring people and believing that a great product comes from great team collaboration
Qualifications
7+ years of professional software development experience
Proven expertise of Python or equivalent
Experience with Unix / Linux systems (e.g. Ubuntu, CentOS, RedHat, etc.)
Familiarity with cloud computing, particularly AWS
Demonstrated ability to write clean, helpfully-commented and readable code
Proven ability to collaborate and influence cross-functionally
A drive to learn constantly with an analytical and problem-solving mindset
A passion for growing as an engineer and helping others grow
Experience with owning a technical roadmap, defining developer standards, and promoting best practices across the engineering organization
A knack for debugging unfamiliar problems
Proven experience dealing with ambiguity
Bonus
Experience with statistics and/or machine learning
Experience building modern front-apps (e.g. React/Redux, Angular, Vue)
About the Engineering Team @ Narrative Science

The Engineering team at Narrative Science specializes in delivering high-value cloud-based solutions to customers. Specifically, we are responsible for building and innovating on an insightful and personalized data storytelling platform. We work a lot with data pipelines, analytics, natural language generation (NLG), continuous deployment tooling, and cloud architecture.

Culture @ Narrative Science

Narrative Science believes that data storytelling can empower everyone to understand and take action from their data. Our mission is to build software that leverages artificial intelligence to automatically turn data into easy-to-understand reports, transforms statistics into stories, and converts numbers into knowledge.

Our core virtues (mission-driven, impactful, team first, innovative) are ingrained in everything we do, from how we develop our technology to how we interact with customers to how we hire people. Since 2020, we have embraced a remote approach and are on a journey to ingrain that in our culture. All while being immersed in our culture of learning, collaboration, innovation, and customer impact.

At Narrative Science, we embrace the diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives of our future employees, colleagues, customers, partners, and other stakeholders. We provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, marital status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.1,"Narrative Science
4.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
119,Data Engineer,-1,"Data Engineer Northern, VA

Data Engineer

NuWave Solutions is seeking Data Engineers to design and implement distributed, cloud-native data pipelines, storage systems, and query support. These capabilities will support next-generation defense and intelligence operations with a focus on enabling machine learning and automation. Teams will be working in an Agile development environment and expected to identify and mitigate risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments. Other responsibilities include:
Architect, design, and implement updates and enhancements to data repositories and indices to support data ingest, enrichment, analysis, visualization, and dissemination
Perform database engineering and management activities associated with designing, developing, maintaining, and enhancing Big Data analytic systems using an Agile DevSecOps model
Integrate data from multiple sources in batches and real-time
Review, design, and develop data quality management processes and automated procedures intended to produce high levels of data integrity
Research and recommend solutions to complex problems
Oversee code reviews and delivering feedback regarding designs/code
Perform research and development and provide technical support to identify and integrate new and emerging technologies into the data environment
Design and implement storage and indexing strategies to provide efficient storage and retrieval to support visualizations such as graph-based and geospatial indices
Support design and development of data access APIs that allow enterprise access (as appropriate) to data
Develop or provide input to engineering artifacts associated with the data repositories
Requirements
Active Top-Secret clearance required
Minimum (positions are available at multiple levels of seniority) of a bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience in a science or engineering field
Experience with SQL databases
Data transformation experience with scripting (Python, Java, Perl, PL/SQL) or platforms such as Spark, Talend, Knime, or Pentaho
Strong problem-solving skills
Good written and oral communications skills
Preferred Skills
Familiarity with no-SQL databases like Neo4j, ElasticSearch, or Cassandra
Familiarity with SQL query engines, preferably PrestoDB or SparkSQL
Familiarity with distributed platforms (i.e. HBase, Kafka, Spark, NiFi) and the cloud (i.e. AWS, GCP, Azure), preferably Amazon Web Services
Experience integrating open API based data access and processing
DOD8570 IAT Level 1 or 2 certified (A+, Security+, etc. certification)
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details

Locations of Positions: Reston, McLean, or Herndon, VA; Joint Base Andrews-Bolling, DC; Suitland, MD

Travel Required (CONUS/OCONUS): CONUS

If Travel is required, how much? 5%

Work Schedule: Day Shift

Authorization to work in US is required

8570 Requirements: N/A

NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Tagged as: Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
120,"Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer, Applied Science","$83k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Scientist/Senior Scientist/Lead Scientist - (Machine Learning Engineers) will work with the rest of the team to research, invent, and implement the next generation prediction, optimization, and analytics technology. You are a brilliant, motivated self-starter and an extremely fast learner with top notch problem solving, and analytical skills. You have a deep sense of curiosity and innate desire to dig deep into terabytes of data and love to play with the innards of complex algorithms, mathematical constructs and code.

Responsibilities
Research, design and/or implement solutions to challenging problems in real-time bidding domain, such as all kinds of optimization problems, audience understanding, etc.
Research and improve features and machine learning models for production pipeline.
Provide insights and suggestions on customer campaign optimization problems and product/platform optimization problems through statistical data analysis when needed.
Drive innovation by identifying and formulating new problems, publishing papers, filing patents, etc.
Required Qualifications
PhD degree in a closely related field (e.g.: computer science/engineering, optimization) with publications in the area is strongly preferred
Or Masters with significant experience in advertising and Machine Learning
Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling, optimization, algorithms, big-data, game theory
Proficiency with one or more programming languages - ability to write/debug production code.
Excellent communication skills – ability to present and communicate complex ideas in simple terms
Strong statistical/math/analytical abilities; Exceptional problem solving skills
Desired Qualifications
Previous experience in the advertising industry
Strong programming experience with Java, C/C++, Python and/or Scala
Excellent knowledge in algorithms and data structures
#LI-KM1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Redwood City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
121,Controls Software Engineer,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Controls Software Engineer
Location: Wilsonville, OR
Department: Engineering
Job Type: Full-Time
DWFritz
DWFritz Automation has been engineering and building precision automation solutions for over 45 years. In the last 10 years, we have grown our global footprint with employees and clients in the U.S., Asia, and Europe, while diversifying the industries we serve.
What’s our secret to success?
We're the company that can solve the challenges that nobody else can. We do so by hiring incredibly talented employees who innovate through team-work.
Why would you want to work here?
We are a progressive company that continually strives towards being world-class in our practices, cutting-edge with our technology, and empowering with our leadership. We believe in big things, because we believe in our employees who impress us every day with their ideas and their execution.
Our World Headquarters operates from a modern, state-of-the-art facility located in Wilsonville, Oregon. Our employees enjoy standing desks, a recreation room, a fitness room, and a hearty oatmeal breakfast to start each day. Our spacious lunch room is the venue for weekly All Staff meetings and our frequent “Lunch and Learns.”
We also know how to have fun at DWFritz. From ping-pong tournaments and monthly socials to working with our community through our RISE program and paid volunteer day, we know well how to work and play together. We hope you get the chance to visit our building and experience a culture that is unlike any other.
Your Challenge

The Controls Software Engineer will be responsible for assisting in the development of software for custom automation and robotic systems. These systems include features such as:
Real time PC control architecture.
Sophisticated machine vision software.
Sub-micron PID Servo motion control.
4 to 6-axis robot integration.
High Level Custom GUI.
2D and 3D Laser Metrology.
Your Responsibilities
Works with a team of other experienced and innovative engineers and technicians to develop first time, custom automated equipment.
Works on projects from the analysis of a client’s needs through component selection, control software design, programming, debug, installation, final buy-off with customer, and follow-on warranty/upgrade support.
Drives personal or company vehicle to customers’ facilities for project meetings, design reviews, start-up training, and follow-up review.
Your Qualifications
C#.NET/C++ programming skills (min 4 years of experience).
Proficient C#.NET GUI development skills.
Experience with Version Control Software (GIT, VSS, Subversion, etc.).
Experience with machine vision programming.
Schematic reading experience a plus.
Able to integrate into an existing software engineering team environment.
Able to use existing standards, procedures, and practices.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Attention to detail and accuracy.
Ability to work under pressure to meet project deadlines in a multi-tasking environment.
Sense of urgency to meet project schedules.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
PC-based machine controls.
Servo based motion control.
Use Microsoft software – Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.
Must possess a valid driver’s license, acceptable driving record, and proof of current vehicle insurance.
Requires domestic/international travel for installation and support. Typically 3, 3-week trips/year.
Must be eligible for or have a valid passport.
Your Education and Experience
BSEE or BSME.
Minimum of 3 years recent automated machine controls experience (including hands-on debugging of real-time machine control software, electronics, and mechanical systems).
Experience in Robotic hardware/software systems integration.
Equal Opportunity Statement
DWFritz is an equal opportunity employer. In accordance with applicable law, the company prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, creed, gender, pregnancy or related medical conditions, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, uniformed service or any other consideration protected by federal state and local laws. Our commitment to equal opportunity employment applies to all persons involved in our operations and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee.
Sponsorship
DWFritz is not currently sponsoring work visas for this role. Authorization to work in the U.S. is required to be considered.",3.4,"DWFritz
3.4","Wilsonville, OR",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
122,SR. COMPUTER SCIENTIST - SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER - TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS,"$67k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who We Are:


The Intelligent Systems Division develops automated solutions for commercial and government clients in multiple domains including transportation (traffic management, connected automated vehicle), manufacturing robotics, medical prognostics and communication standards.


Objectives of this Role:

Serve as a software developer and researcher on a team developing software solutions in technology areas such as Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS), Integrated Corridor Management Systems (ICMS), and Decision Support Systems (DSS)
Initiate advanced research and development programs

Daily and Monthly Responsibilities:


Utilize advanced data analytics techniques and enterprise data infrastructure skills in state-of-the-art software development environments
Perform in all phases of the development lifecycle, including requirements definition, software/systems design, implementation, testing, and integration
Interact with clients and conduct technical presentations.

Requirements:


Requires a Bachelors with a 3.00 GPA in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science or related
7 years of experience with an emphasis on software development and systems engineering and exposure to object-oriented programming (programming languages such as, but not limited to, C++, C#, Java)
Education and/or experience involving one or multiple of the following: .NET, C#, Java, JavaScript, C++, Python, WPF, Git, Microsoft SQL Server, Windows, Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, Redis, Elastic Stack, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Angular, Kafka, AWS, Azure, GCP
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work well individually and as a member of a project team are required
A valid/clear driver's license is required


Special Requirements:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
123,Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE),"$66k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE)
Job Description:
Title: Senior System Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE)
Location: Remote Eligible
About your role
Youll work on the execution engine of an analytics database that is used by thousands of enterprise customers, around the world, each with unique requirements.
Youll implement high-performance, scalable, and distributed execution frameworks capable of crunching petabytes of data. Use your algorithmic skills to tune low-level system code and make queries run orders of magnitude faster, using fewer resources, and increasing the overall query throughput.
Its an exciting time to join the team. There is high demand for innovative functionality and our engineers are constantly thinking of new ways to do things faster.
Required skills
C and an object-orientated language (e.g. C++ or Java)
Proficient with multi-threaded applications
Customer focused with the ability to work in a cross-functional team with QA, documentation and others
Advanced knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Excellent communication
Desired skills
Database internals
Distributed systems
Operating systems
Ability to read assembly
Willingness and ability to mentor interns and junior team members
SQL, Postgres, SQL Server, Oracle
About our team
The best ideas often come from fresh perspectives. At Vertica, our open-minded, diverse and inclusive team is always learning from each other. We approach intellectually challenging work with a ""get it done"" attitude. Vertica Engineers are given significant latitude and support to pursue what they are passionate about to make Vertica an even better place. If you are excited about building great technology with a proactive team, you will find yourself in good company at Vertica. Welcome to the family.
About our product
Vertica is a recognized leader in analytics powering some of the worlds most data driven organizations like Uber, Wayfair, Intuit, Cerner, and more. Our columnar, MPP, distributed database delivers unprecedented speed, petabyte scale, with analytics and machine learning functions built into the core.
We believe the future belongs to the fast. Join us for the ride!
#LI-GC2
#DiceGC

Job:
Engineering
Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status",3.3,"Micro Focus
3.3","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
124,Sr. Manufacturing Engineer,"$66k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As worldwide experts in filtration, MANN+HUMMEL develops solutions for vehicles, industrial applications, clean air inside vehicles, homes, commercial buildings, and the sustainable use of water. With team spirit and an open culture of communication, we are continuously working towards achieving our vision of ‘leadership in filtration’. Become part of the team as a

Sr. Manufacturing Engineer

at our locations in Louisa and Richmond, Virginia.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES: *
The Sr. Manufacturing Engineer is responsible for the total Safety, Quality, Delivery, and Cost performance of new and existing manufacturing processes in the fabrication and assembly processes.
Responsible for the effective launch of new products and seamless transition of current products from advanced engineering to operations.
Assists production with troubleshooting process, equipment, or tooling related issues.
Actively engages line side production boards to identify opportunities for improvement.
Maintains, updates, and audits Visual Work Instructions and Standard Work for operators in assigned production cells.
Understands and makes corrective actions derived from performance metrics
Originates statements of work specifications for changes to new or existing machines and fixtures.
Attends new design proposal reviews and makes recommendations regarding manufacturability and compatibility with current manufacturing operations.
Attends layout reviews for new products and makes recommendations for process flow, product assembly, and equipment.
Learns, understands and promotes the M+H Production System tools and processes.
Improves manufacturing layouts and implements options for process and product flow for waste elimination
Facilitates manufacturing, logistics, TPM Continuous Improvement events
Supports documentation and input regarding equipment standardization
Performs revisions to the process FMEA, control plan, and production flow for design change.
Maintains required skills through training and studying of engineering and technical publications to keep current on technological changes and developments in the industry.
Performs Investigation and implementation of counter measures to any internal and external quality or safety concerns.
Supports or implements counter measures to any internal and external quality or safety concern
YOUR PROFILE: *
*Education: * A Bachelor’s degree in engineering plus 5 years’ experience as a manufacturing engineer or a similar role
*Required Skills: *
§ Knowledge of mechanics of machines and motion, heat transfer, fluid dynamics and strengths and mechanics of material processing.

§ Working knowledge of Microsoft Office software.
*Preferred Skills: *
§ Bachelor’s degree Mechanical, Industrial, or Manufacturing Engineering

§ PLC and Robot language experience

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $85.00 - $90.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Company's website:
tridim.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.0,"Tri-Dim Filter Corporation
3.0","Louisa, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1968,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
125,Senior Software Engineer,-1,"Software Engineers at CSI's Regulatory Compliance Group work in a team environment to research, design, code, test and maintain software solutions. You will work cross functionally to ensure end user requirements are met and CSI’s goal of providing innovative technology solutions to our customers is accomplished.

In this role the Senior Software Engineer will be a technical leader in the continuing evolution and expansion of our core applications to highly scalable, distributed, and resilient to four 9’s. She/He will be responsible for delivery of high value code that is maintainable, testable, operable, and secure. We are looking for a contributor comfortable at multiple levels - hands on coding, troubleshooting, innovation, and mentoring.

Ideal candidates have a background building and operating SAAS platforms using the Microsoft technology stack with modern services-based architectures.

RCG builds and runs software in a sane, repeatable way - everyone contributes.

Responsibilities:
Participate in all phases of our Scrum/Kanban hybrid SDLC - working in concert with our Product, QA, and DevOps teams
Code, test and maintain applications for our customers and internal teams
Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies and how they might be used to meet RCG goals
Bring new ideas to the team, teach best practices, pitch and lead adoption of change
Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, proofs of concept
Contribute to feature delivery from technical design through execution and release within our iterative cycle
Identify root cause, propose solutions, and assist in the resolution of production issues
Be involved in the maintenance and updating of legacy code
Desired Skills and Experience
Knowledge, Skills and Education:
8+ years as a software developer, 5+ years of experience in a SaaS environment
Core technologies required:
Current .NET technologies with a focus in WCF, Web.API, ASP.net
.NET Core, C#, , Node, Containers, SQL, NoSQL (Couchbase, Mongo, Cassandra, Cosmos), Javascript (Angular, Bootstrap, KO, JQuery)
Comfort with working in an Agile/SCRUM environment
Experience with cloud technologies such as Azure or AWS
Experience developing microservice-based architectures
Experience with Apache Kafka
Microsoft stack - IIS, MSMQ, SQL Server
Knowledge of relational database design and stored procedure development using Microsoft SQL Server 2008 and up
Strong understanding of object-oriented software design
Extensive use of APIs and understanding of HTTP and REST architecture
Strong understanding of design patterns
Proven ability to work in a rapid release production environment
Experience with developing scalable software systems
Experience with Unit Testing frameworks (NUnit, XUnit, MSTest)
TDD or BDD
Nice to have:
Experience with big data
Experience with Orleans framework
MVC, TPL and latest async/await coding standards
Automation
Machine Learning",4.0,"Computer Services
4.0","Lexington-Fayette, KY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
126,LEAD ENGINEER - SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER - EMBEDDED HARDWARE,"$87k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join our Defense and Intelligence Solutions Division to lead and participate in embedded hardware development teams involved in developing requirements, designing, implementing, testing, and documenting embedded software/hardware applications focusing primarily in C/C++. Support Junior engineers by providing guidance and leadership in embedded design, development, prototyping, integration, and testing against customer requirements. Perform embedded design, development, coding, integration, testing, research, programming and documentation for software systems, applications and/or Real-Time Operating Systems in conjunction with hardware design team; develop designs using UML Object Oriented design techniques. Assist junior staff with developing technical documentation and reports based on investigations. Perform laboratory, field tests, and troubleshooting. Interact directly with technical customer to fully understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Engineering with at least 7 years of software and hardware testing experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Embedded firmware design, development, and/or test experience strongly desired. Familiarity with configuration management tools such as AccuRev. Familiarity with Model Based System Engineering design using Enterprise Architecture preferred. Requires excellent interpersonal and communication skills. Experience in software and hardware development is desirable. Advanced experience in software development is desirable. Experience in embedded real-time RTOS application development preferred. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Dayton, Ohio. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Dayton, Ohio


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Dayton, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
127,Senior Software Engineer- System & Infrastructure,"$104k-$198k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for software engineers with experience of handling large scale online services for our AI innovation team in Baidu USA. Our AI innovation team targets the next generation of multi-media production with the help of AI. We've released our first production Vidpress, which gained a lot of attention from the public. We evolved from a research project to a commercial online service provider. As we move along, we need to focus more and more on service stability and scalability.

Qualifications:
3 to 5 years of software engineering or related work experience
Solid coding skills in Golang, Python/C++
Masters or higher degree in CS or related field
Experience handling large scale online services
Experience working with Kubernetes or other cluster operation systems
Mandarin speaker a plus
Experience with machine learning algorithm/framework a plus
Experience with NLP/CV process a plus
Experience with video encoding acceleration a plus
You will be working on:
Video production platform's stability and scalability
Online service architecture update and enhancement
Debug cluster issues
Continually discover, evaluate, and implement new ways to maximize development and execution efficiency
Culture Fit:
Mission alignment: If you want to be part of a team to accomplish this great mission, we will provide you the best possible platform to do that.
Self­-directed: We work best with people that are driven, motivated, and aspire to greatness. Are you the sort of person that, if you had time on your hands, will independently find interesting and useful things to do?
Hungry to learn: We are eager to see you learn new skills and grow. But learning is hard work and this is something we hope you want to do.
Team orientation: We work in small, fast­-moving teams. We don't believe in lone wolves. We watch out for each other and go after big goals together as a team.",4.1,"Baidu USA
4.1","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
128,Sr. Data Engineer,-1,"About 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is an AWS Partner Network (APN) Premier Consulting Partner and Microsoft Azure Gold Partner providing professional and managed cloud services to enterprises who need to transform their business to become more agile and innovative. The companys subject matter experts and software-enabled services provide companies with tested, proven, and trusted solutions with a focus on five solution areas: Enterprise Cloud Migration, Security and Compliance, Cloud Native and DevOps, Optimization, and Managed Services. The venture-backed company is headquartered in Seattle, Washington. To learn more about 2nd Watch, visit www.2ndwatch.com or call 888-317-7920.

Why 2nd Watch

2nd Watch is in growth mode, and we are looking to build out our existing teams. We are looking for like-minded, focused team members to join us! We offer roles ranging from all levels in our Sales, Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, DevOps, Product Development teams and beyond. We are looking for superstars and are raising the bar setting industry-level standards around AWS and Azure services, product management and delivery.

Where you fit:

2nd Watch has a unique company culture and working environment that live and breathe success and promote pushing the envelope every day in your respective role at the company. This is what drives our teams. Getting our attention takes creativity, ingenuity, a desire to improve each day, and a track record of caring about who you are affecting, both positively and negatively, while you are getting the right stuff done.

We are looking for a the most technically forward-thinking, cloud-passionate employees in the world and work daily to align our core values with those that we hire - Fearlessness, Tenacity, Humility, Customer Focus, Empowering One Another, Working Together, Winning as a Team, Honesty, Transparency, Having FUN these are all key elements to who we hire.

Position Title:

Sr. Data Engineer :

The ideal candidate is someone who

· Operates with the highest levels of integrity

· Thinks Big and takes on Big Challenges

· Has a continuous thirst for knowledge and is a perpetual learner

· Strives to make themselves and everyone around them better

· Has a passion for technology

Expertise you bring:
Owning the technical engagement and ultimate success around specific implementation projects.
Developing a deep expertise in enterprise cloud technologies and services.
Being subject matter expert and taking on a consultative role as it pertains to cloud adoption.
Ensure that our applications and infrastructure are designed and implemented to the highest security standards thus maintaining and enhancing customer trust
Evangelize security within 2nd Watch and be an advocate for keeping customer information secure
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Other duties as assigned
Specialized Knowledge & Skills Requirements
Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.
In-depth knowledge of SQL or NoSQL and experience using a variety of data stores (e.g. RDBMS, analytic database, scalable document stores)
Extensive hands-on Python programming experience, with an emphasis towards building ETL workflows and data-driven solutions.
Able to employ design patterns and generalize code to address common use cases. Capable of authoring robust, high quality, reusable code and contributing to the divisions inventory of libraries.
Expertise in big data batch computing tools (e.g. Hadoop or Spark), with demonstrated experience developing distributed data processing solutions.
Applied knowledge of cloud computing (AWS, GCP, Azure).
Knowledge of open source machine learning toolkits, such as sklearn, SparkML, or H2O.
Applied knowledge of data modeling principles (e.g. dimensional modeling and star schemas).
Strong understanding of database internals, such as indexes, binary logging, and transactions.
Experience using tools for infrastructure-as-code (e.g. Docker, CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.)
Experience with software engineering tools and workflows (i.e. Jenkins, CI/CD, git).
Practical experience authoring and consuming web services.
Education and Licenses
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Powered by JazzHR",3.9,"2nd Watch, Inc.
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
129,Associate Cloud Automation Engineer- AWS,"$67k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Who YOU are:

As a future Cloud Automation Engineer at Plus3 IT Systems, you:
Are passionate about working on cutting edge, high profile projects and are motivated by delivering solutions on an aggressive schedule
Aren't satisfied with status quo, and regularly look for creative ways to solve problems and help your team meet commitments
Are insatiably curious you ask why, you explore, and you're not afraid to blurt out your crazy idea
Love learning new technologies and sharing them with your team
Have a keen interest in using any and all appropriate tools, especially Cloud-based and Open Source, to solve the problem at hand
Have strong verbal and written communication skills, due to the dynamic nature of collaborations with customers, vendors, and other engineering teams to solve complex business problems together
Use your experience and leadership skills to motivate your teammates to deliver high quality results in a fast-paced work environment
Are obsessed with automation, simplicity, and smooth-running systems
What you'll be doing:
Building automation tooling and pipelines that enable secured systems to be deployed across a variety of environments, including public/private cloud, virtual machines, or bare metal servers.
Developing automation to standardize and secure cloud services such as server operating system builds, including Red Hat Linux and CENTOS, that are compliant with enterprise standards and security policy.
Solving challenging problems involving system and environment internals, to provide solutions that are simple to use, but can be customized to meet customer needs.
Collaborating with stakeholders to test build releases and ensure builds provide a consistent core foundation for hosting government and commercial applications.
Supporting technologies and products, including AWS, Microsoft Azure, RedHat Linux, CentOS, Saltstack, Terraform, Git, GitOps, Python
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
2+ years of relevant experience.
Desired Qualifications:
Masters Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other Technical discipline or equivalent relevant experience
8+ years of relevant experience.
DoD 8570 IAT Level II certification
Top Secret Clearance with ability to obtain an SCI and CI poly
Desired experience with following tools and products: Python, Javascript, Terraform, Saltstack, Ansible, Docker, Git, Jenkins, Travis-CI, Azure Pipelines, CodeBuild, Powershell
Desired experience with practices and concepts: DevSecOps, GitOps, ConfigOps, Configuration as Code, Infrastructure as Code, CI/CD, Declarative Programming, Event-driven Architectures/Pipelines
Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.",4.5,"Plus3 IT Systems
4.5","Colorado Springs, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
130,Senior Systems Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE),"$66k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Senior Systems Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE)

Job Description:
Title: Senior Systems Software Engineer at Vertica (US - REMOTE)

Location: Remote Eligible

Vertica believes that each of us knows the work environment that makes us the most productive. Thats why we provide our employees with the ability to work how and where they will be the most successful. We enable a flexible approach to work location, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office or from home, or a combination of both, but you make that choice including where you choose to live. Vertica invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environments to empower employees to work productively in the setting that meets their personal needs. Thats why were so proud to have a highly productive and engaged team in every function of the company.

About your role
Youll be part of the team that enables the database to scale larger without compromising on consistency. The ability to scale-out the database can lead to higher query throughput and faster single query performance.
You will help design and implement innovative features to efficiently maintain consistency even in the face of frequent updates made to a database that is comprised of very many nodes. To accomplish this, youll leverage your knowledge of distributed systems, networking, and systems level programming.
Its an exciting time to join the team. The amount of data stored and analyzed is growing fast, as is the number of transactions and queries processed per second. In response our engineers are constantly thinking of new ways to scale larger.
Required skills
C/C++ or Java
Proficient with multi-threaded applications
Customer focused with the ability to work in a cross-functional team with QA, documentation and others
Advanced knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Excellent communication
Desired skills
Distributed systems
Database internals
Willingness and ability to mentor interns and junior team members
SQL

About our team
The best ideas often come from fresh perspectives. At Vertica, our open-minded, diverse and inclusive team is always learning from each other. We approach intellectually challenging work with a ""get it done"" attitude. Vertica Engineers are given significant latitude and support to pursue what they are passionate about to make Vertica an even better place. If you are excited about building great technology with a proactive team, you will find yourself in good company at Vertica. Welcome to the family.
About our product
Vertica is a recognized leader in analytics powering some of the worlds most data driven organizations like Uber, Wayfair, Intuit, Cerner, and more. Our columnar, MPP, distributed database delivers unprecedented speed, petabyte scale, with analytics and machine learning functions built into the core.
We believe the future belongs to the fast. Join us for the ride!

#LI-GC2

#DiceGC

Job:

Engineering

Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status",3.3,"Micro Focus
3.3","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
131,Data Scientist,"$80k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Brief

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Overview

IFG Companies is in search of a Data Scientist to join its growing Predictive Modeling team.

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Responsibilities
Build predictive and/or Machine Learning models in SAS
Research new statistical and mathematical techniques that are suitable and helpful for solving business related problems
Prepare data for modelling and make best/creative use of applicable and available internal or external data
Identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged for modeling efforts
Support related processes around effectively deploying model to business
Effectively communicate results in written, oral and presentation formats to technical and non-technical audiences
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related discipline
3+ years of Data Modeling or similar experience.
Experience with predictive modeling (classification, regression, parameter tuning, optimization criteria, feature selection), preferably with multiple techniques
Experience in model validation techniques, model testing and continuous monitoring of model performance
Experience in Property & Casualty Insurance is strongly preferred.
Demonstrated experience working with large relational data sets.
Working knowledge in SAS, R, Python or another platform to develop and implement predictive models.
Ability and willingness to quickly gain knowledge of SAS enterprise guide and enterprise miner.
Ability to communicate complex technical information in common language to foster teaching and analytics guidance to internal customers.
Advanced experience in analytics, data cleaning, and predictive modeling.
Ability to write queries in SQL.
Detail-oriented and ability to work collaboratively
Physical Demands
Physical demands are considered to be that of an office environment, climate controlled, with minimal physical exertion. This position requires prolonged sitting, ability to utilize a computer and interactions with others in meetings or via phone.
Benefits
We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), flexible spending, short-term and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, long-term care, education assistance and paid time off.
IFG Companies is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. M/F/D/V",2.7,"IFG Companies
2.7","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
132,Lead Computer Vision Engineer - Active TS/SCI Required,-1,"Lead Computer Vision Engineer – TS/SCI Required

Active TS/SCI Security Clearance Required

Expedition Technology, Inc., in Herndon, VA is searching for an experienced, intelligent, collaborative and talented team player who has expertise in developing and deploying Computer Vision/Image Processing applications. If you are seeking an opportunity to become part of a passionate team whose mission is to push the frontier of computer vision and machine learning technology into defense and space-related applications, look no further than Expedition.

Our successful new team member will lead a team of engineers on a ground-breaking new program integral to the US Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community by creating, designing and implementing complex sensor network system/algorithm data into computer vision systems.

Position Responsibilities will include:

Designing algorithms and experiments to improve existing computer vision models focusing on tracking capabilities, and object detection
Designing system architecture from the ground up alongside engineers from related disciplines
Collaborating with hardware, back-end, embedded, and software teams
Leading team members to accomplish project goals while interacting with customer to ensure requirements are understood and met

Required Qualifications

US Citizenship
Active TS/SCI Security Clearance
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field. Advanced degrees (MS/PhD) are preferred
Minimum 4+ years of professional experience working with computer vision and/or machine learning
2+ years of professional experience leading a computer vision team
Proficiency in Python, OpenCV and deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras or similar
Extensive expertise in one or more of the following: object detection and tracking, human pose estimation, activity recognition, scene understanding, geometry-based methods in vision, sensor fusion, autonomous systems
Understanding of DOD and Intelligence communities along with experience working with relevant stakeholders within them
Understanding of wireless systems and digital signal processing
Well-versed in taking a computer vision project through the planning, data collection, annotation, training, deployment and iteration phases
Ability to juggle multiple priorities and make things happen quickly.
Exceptional writing and verbal communications skills.

Preferred Qualifications

Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related field focus on computer vision research and deep learning.
Some experience working with SAR
Experience investigating, designing, prototyping, and productizing new and innovative computer vision system solutions
Knowledge of GPU programming (CUDA or OpenCL) on GPU accelerator architectures.
Experience with camera bring-up and ISP pipeline configuration.

About Us
Expedition Technology (EXP) is an employee-owned defense and aerospace technology small business that has become a market leader in developing software applications running advanced machine learning algorithms for the DOD and Intelligence Communities. We offer a collaborative team-based culture, a people-first mentality and a focus on cutting edge solutions.

We offer self-directed, company-paid, medical, dental and vision benefits. Additionally, our team enjoys a 401k with up to 12% company match, equity shares, paid holidays, paid time off, tuition reimbursement programs and a student loan repayment option. Most importantly, we offer an environment where we are encouraged to push boundaries, take risks and enjoy the rewards.

We are proud that our dynamic and collaborative culture along with our generous benefits package allowed us to earn a spots on the 2019 and the 2020 Washington Business Journal's Best Places to Work List.

If you are interested in seeing for yourself why our employees' voices made us a Best Place to Work, we'd love to talk with you.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that believes a diverse range of talent creates an environment that fuels creativity and innovation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, national origin, genetic information or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR

g0YyhJbm3F",5.0,"Expedition Technology, Inc.
5.0","Herndon, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
133,"Telecommunications Engineer, Chelmsford or Marlboro","$46k-$81k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Essential Functions:

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Designs, configures, maintains, monitors and secures the 24/7 enterprise telecommunications infrastructure (primarily Avaya) and any enhancements.
Provides technology expertise and associated technical support, evaluating and resolving complex technical issues related to the voice network.
Ensures performance, capacity, availability, and quality of the voice environment monitoring for emerging incidents and initiate preventative action.
Provides technical leadership on organizational projects by outlining needs, identifying solutions, develop timeline for deliverables, and resources required
Manages all tasks appropriately to adhere to requirements, timelines and network and security standards
Evaluates existing infrastructure and develops roadmap based on the goals of the business areas, vendor support, and risk assessments
Creates and maintains all necessary technical documentation.
Adherence to policies, procedures and documentation standards.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned by Manager(s).

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Job Competencies:

Takes action without being asked or required to; achieves goals beyond job requirements; being proactive; taking prompt action to accomplish objectives.
Clearly conveys and receives information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the listener, helps them understand and retain the message, and invites response and feedback. Keeps others informed as appropriate. Demonstrates good written, oral, and listening skills.
Consistently maintains high levels of activity or productivity; sustains long hours when necessary, works with vigor, effectivenss and determination over a sustained period
Breaks down problems into component and recognizes the interrelationships; makes sound, well-informed, and objective decisions. Compares data, information, and input from a variety of sources to draw conclusions; takes action that is consistent with available facts, constraints, and probable consequences.
Organizes work, sets priorities, and determines reources requirements; determines necessary sequence of activities needed to achieve goals.
Builds constructive working relationships with clients/customers, other work units, community organizations and others to meet mutual goals and objectives. Behaves professionally and supportively when working with individuals from a variety of ethnic, social and educational backgrounds.
Is committed to developing professionally, attends professional conferences, focuses on best practices, values cutting-edge practices and approaches; takes advantage of a variety of learning activities, introduces newly gained knowledge and skills on the job.

Education and Experience Requirements:

Related 4-year degree
Minimum of 5 years VoIP experience
Minimum of 2 years QoS and SIP experience
Minimum 1 year Networking and/or Systems experience
Minimum of 1 years Cloud VoIP experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Work Environment:

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopier/scanner, filing cabinets, and fax machines.

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the associate is required to have ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; and the ability to stand, walk, stoop, kneel, crouch, and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of 10-50 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read application information. The associate frequently is required to sit, reach with hands and arms, talk and hear.

Travel:
Minimal, as required by the business or professional development.

Service Excellence: The DCU Way:
All employees are expected to provide service excellence the “DCU Way” through teamwork and by providing quality service to internal and external members, incorporating the Guiding Principles of DCU’s culture:

People come first
Do the right thing
Make a difference

Bank Secrecy Act (BSA):

All Credit Union employees are required to complete all BSA related training annually and maintain knowledge of current BSA policies, specifically those related to functions performed within the department and identify and report possible suspicious activity.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.7,"Digital Federal Credit Union
3.7","Chelmsford, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1979,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
134,Senior Data Scientist,"$135k-$145k
(Employer Est.)","About Us

At GutCheck, we pioneered agile market research to provide our clients with actionable insights at the speed of their business. As the marketplace rapidly evolves, we're evolving with it. By combining qualitative, quantitative, and behavioral methodologies, our team of full-service research experts synthesizes insights to help clients make more confident business decisions -- connecting them with their target consumers earlier and more often in the development process.

What Makes Our Approach Different

We create heroes out of our clients by providing them with contextualized insights to more efficiently and effectively connect with their target audiences. Enabled by technology and automation, we are dedicated partners who take a human-first approach to delivering powerful insights. Today, we are bringing agile to strategy: enabling brands to gather robust foundational insights in an agile, iterative way to inform key business within the demands of today's innovation timelines.

Here's where you come in:

As our Senior Data Scientist, you will be the primary contributor that will operationalize predictive models built with machine learning and advanced analytic technologies. GutCheck owns years of structured and unstructured data. We've started to identify patterns in our world-class market research using machine learning technologies such as TensorFlow. You will help us by providing expertise on mathematical concepts for the broader cross-functional analytics team and inspire the adoption of advanced analytics and data science across the entire breadth of our organization.

You will work closely with our talented and agile Product and Engineering teams to craft scalable, well-designed solutions that address the technical and architectural challenges inherent to making sense of our data. We have a focus on quality, automation, and innovation. We encourage our Engineers to think creatively and flexibly when choosing solutions, tools, and techniques. Our team offers an environment where trust and innovation are encouraged, egos aren't accepted, and collaboration is core to our DNA.

You will advocate, evangelize and build data-fueled products that help our internal and external customers gain deeper insights into direct, targeted consumer feedback. This data can and will be coupled with third-party data sources to help our clients be heroes by making well informed business decisions. You'll help research and choose which data sources will provide unique and compelling insights, and then you'll dig in and become an expert on that data. You will provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

For more information on the company and the GutCheck team, please go to www.gutcheckit.com

This job description is not a complete list of your qualifications or position roles. GutCheck is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.",3.9,"GutCheck
3.9","Denver, CO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
135,Data Scientist,"$77k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Every Analyst a Scientist - One of our primary goals is to empower intelligence analysts to be able to study their data like scientists. The tools we develop focus on streamlining intelligence analysis through integrated algorithms and software that provide insight into the geopolitical landscape for use in operational intelligence missions around the world.

The Role:

As a Data Scientist, you will live by our motto that “Data is Destiny.” You will work with a diverse collection of massive datasets, including social media, structured and unstructured text, geospatial, time series, and imagery data. You will design, test, and validate statistical tests and machine learning models in support of cutting-edge problems in the national security space. Your expertise as a data scientist will aid a diverse team of researchers to build state-of-the-art tools and technologies that are deployed to extract and enrich intelligence used by analysts.

If you would like to help intelligence and defense analysts keep pace with technology-driven innovation, then this role is for you!

Who you are:
A U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain a Security Clearance
A degree in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, or Computer Science
Experience in statistical modeling including performance evaluation and uncertainty quantification
Proficiency with a scientific programming language, preferably Python, and familiarity with Numpy, Pandas, and/or Scikit-learn packages
Experience in grooming sparse, incomplete, and noisy datasets
Motivated collaborator who is an excellent communicator of ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences
Even better:
Active Clearance
MS or PhD in a scientific field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Data Science or 2+ years of relevant work experience
Familiarity with handling and analyzing data at scale, for example using Hadoop, Dask, Spark, and MapReduce
Working knowledge of data store tools such as SQL and Elasticsearch, and experience interacting with databases
Experience with deep learning and neural network training, testing, and evaluation with fluency in Tensorflow or PyTorch
Specialized expertise in a data-rich field such as time-series analysis, graph analytics, geospatial analysis, image processing, or Bayesian programming",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Woburn, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
136,Lead Data Scientist,-1,"Our mission is to make the best mental health tools radically accessible for everyone.

We are pioneers in building personalized digital mental health tools to help millions of people with mental health difficulties. We are building a suite of regulated, prescription only digital therapeutics as well as a sophisticated delivery platform capable of responding to the lived experience of our users.

Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of intervention science at Stanford University. Our founder has an international reputation in Digital Mental Health intervention development. And our Chairman is Andrew Ng; and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP.

There has never been a better time to use your data science skills for good. Given the recent acceleration in infrastructure to allow for the meaningful adoption of DTx, our strong product reputation and existing relationships within health systems, Woebot is in a period of explosive growth. We are looking for a product-minded data scientist to continue to create value for our users, customers, and execute on our IP strategy.

What you will do:

As a leader in the Product team, you will work cross-departmentally with clinical and engineering team members to build machine learning and AI algorithms that are the core of Woebot's intelligence. There are four areas we want you to own and drive:

Drive An Insights & Analytics Culture
You will help create data analysis and analytics pipelines that improve not only the underlying ML algorithms but also the product and the user's experience.
You will lead a team of Analysts and be responsible for good data driven hygiene, including the creation, redesign, and maintenance of analytics dashboards and BI tools such as BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or Tableau.
You will also advise on data labeling strategy so that Woebot's conversational engine is continuously improved and informs changes in features, content, and UX.
Improve User Personalization:
Woebot exchanges 4.7 M messages with our users every week. You will create & lead a data-driven personalization strategy for this audience.
We consider personalization to be key for developing a relationship over time while delivering precision interventions, that is; the right method to the right person at the right time.
Contribute To Evidence:
In the next 6 months, you'll help Woebot develop evidence & trends to demonstrate the value of our highest priority products.
You're helping answer the most pressing questions in the mental health field around engagement, dose, and treatment outcomes.
In partnership with our Clinical team and academic partners, we expect you to contribute to our pipeline of peer-reviewed published research.
In addition to some platform-related pieces, you will lead publication in Data Science and HCI research.
What Your First 90 Days Could Look Like
By Day 30 - Assess the lay of the landscape & team - and make suggestions around in house analytic tools, dashboard and strategies.
By Day 60 - understand the roadmap with our founder and reverse engineer our tailored interventions. Deliver a prioritized list of roadmap items.
By Day 90 - Submit your first publication. Execute on a plan for improving user outcomes with our analytics and ML.
Role Specific Competencies:
PhD in Data Analysis or ML/AI or computational field with 8-10+ years of applied experience
Knowledge of one or more modern ML/NLP frameworks, such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, or Keras
Track Record of publishing in peer reviewed academic literature
You've led and managed other analysts and data scientists.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
What you will add to our culture:
Strong work-ethic: Works hard to get a job done.
Proactive & flexible: Able to hit the ground running, takes responsibility for finding a way to get the job done.
Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience, are a team player motivated to help others be successful.
High standards: Applies high standards toward everything.
Humble: You want to learn and grow in the role, and are open to feedback on how to do that.
What we offer:
Competitive Salary
Stock Options
Flexible PTO
Health, Dental & Vision
Healthy Snacks & Meals
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Woebot Health
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
137,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,-1,"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
138,AWS DevOps Engineer,-1,"Title: * Dev Ops Engineer
Location: *Remote position \*\*\*East Coast US only\*\*\*
Type: * Contract or Full-Time
How to Apply*: Send your resume and a cover letter
CopperHill Consulting is seeking a Dev Ops Engineer who has the ability to work and derive creative and practical solutions to complex problems in an independent work environment.
Description*
The ideal candidate will be responsible for creating, managing, and maintaining processes supporting the core concept of ‘Infrastructure as Code’ (IaC); including implementing best practices, process, and control around multiple secure environments, with a focus on the following initiatives: security, cost, scalability, resilience, failover, deployment, and monitoring. This is a ‘hands on’ technical role through which you will establish and drive best practice and live the mantra to ‘automate all things’. This role is a remote position but requires working on US EST hours.
Responsibilities *
Develop the automated deployment of our internal/external facing services on AWS
Own and secure the development, UAT and production environments
Identify and deliver improvements to delivery speed and production quality
Empower your delivery teammates by helping them help themselves
Provide production support, and monitoring of AWS environments
Skills Required for The Role*
Linux
Windows
Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud experience, with heavy focus on: CloudFormation, CloudWatch, S3, API Gateway, Lambda, RDS, ElasticSearch, ECS, EC2
PostgreSQL, MySQL Database Operations
Experience with system performance testing, benchmarking, and right-sizing
Amazon Web Services cloud experience: Cloudwatch, API Gateway, and others
Strong sysadmin coding skills (Ruby, Python, or other)
Ability to demonstrate the design and support of a robust build, deployment and
configuration management system for multi-tier applications
Worked within environment of 100s of virtual machines preferably in a public cloud environment
Worked within fast paced entrepreneurial consulting company and able to balance the need for ‘speed to market’ with stable systems maintained through procedures and documentation
Containers and orchestration
Experience with system performance testing, benchmarking, and right-sizing
About CopperHill Consulting*
CopperHill Consulting helps companies use technology to create better, smarter, and more efficient solutions to address their business challenges and enable them for organizational success. CopperHill is a Registered Salesforce Consulting Partner and AWS Select Tier Partner located in Philadelphia, PA, specializing in a variety of Salesforce.com products, integration, business intelligence and analytics, mobile solutions, and web development. Please visit _https://www.copperhillconsulting.com/_ to learn more.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $75,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
Database - Postgres DB: 2 years (Preferred)
AWS Products & Services: 2 years (Required)
SQL Knowledge (Ability to write & debug complex SQL stmt: 3 years (Required)
AWS API Gateway: 2 years (Preferred)
Python: 3 years (Required)
AWS Lambda: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
License:
AWS Certified Developer (Preferred)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Company's website:
www.copperhillconsulting.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/CopperHillConsulting/
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,CopperHill Consulting LLC,"Philadelphia, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
139,Senior Data Scientist Marketing,"$130k-$150k
(Employer Est.)","****This position is located in Clearwater, FL and is only temporarily remote due to current COVID restrictions.*****

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world's largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4's platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We have ranked a best place to work for women, millennials, and in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine as well as #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last five years. We have also had 27 record-setting quarters in a row.

The Senior Data Scientist (Marketing) will work closely with the SVP of FP&A and Dir of Analytics to implement advanced analytical models and other data-driven solutions.

Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders in marketing to identify opportunities to use available data to develop business solutions.
Enhance existing data collection procedures to ensure that all data relevant for analyses is captured.
Cleanse, consolidate, and verify the integrity of data used in analyses.
Build and validate predictive models to increase customer retention, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Assist in the design and data modeling of the data warehouse.
Visualize data, especially in reports and dashboards, to communicate analysis results to stakeholders.
Extend data collection to unstructured data within the company and external sources
Develop machine learning driven products for internal use.
Perform ad-hoc analysis, presentations and other projects as required
Minimum Qualifications:
Master's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or other quantitative discipline. PhD preferred.
Master's degree 4+ yrs in similar role: PhD 3+ yrs
Experience with statistical computer languages (Python, R etc.) to manipulate and analyze large datasets.
Experience with databases, query languages, and associated data architecture.
Experience with data visualization tools like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI, or Plotly
Experience in professional application of machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, SVM, k-NN, Naïve Bayes, Gradient Boosting. Deep learning frameworks (Keras/Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc.) is a plus
Experience applying data science to marketing including attribution modeling, media mix modeling, and ROI analysis.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical colleagues
Experience with marketing automation platforms and/or CRM software is a plus (Hubspot, Salesforce, Marketo, etc.)
Experience with AWS is a plus
Note: An applicant assessment, background check and drug test may be part of your hiring procedure.

No recruitment agencies, please.",4.8,"KnowBe4
4.8","Clearwater, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
140,Machine Learning Software Engineer – Model Optimization,"$87k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Machine Learning Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Artificial Intelligence is changing the world for the benefits of human beings and societies. QUALCOMM, as the world's leading mobile computing platform provider, is committed to deliver power-efficient cognitive computing technologies for enabling the wide deployment of intelligent solutions on all possible devices. Be a part of the R&D and Software team, you will be involved and participate in various development phases of the state-of-the-art technologies for next generation machine learning system. In this role you will design, develop & test software for machine learning frameworks that optimize models to run efficiently on edge devices. The candidate is expected to have strong interest and deep passion on making leading-edge \""deep learning\"" framework and algorithms working on mobile/embedded platforms for the benefit of end users.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's, Computer Engineering and/or Computer Science and/or Electrical Engineering
Programming experience using C/C++ & Python.
Preferred Qualifications
Strong object oriented design and development skills.
Experience at both the firmware (RTOS) and system level (Linux) in SOC
Knowledge of neural networks, with hands-on experience using ML frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch
Experience with enhancements to Training Frameworks and/or backends.
Experience developing CUDA kernels.
Knowledge of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), RNN/LSTMs
Familiarity with any of the deep learning compiler frameworks TVM, Glow or XLA
Experience leading teams in developing software from inception to delivery
Experience with TDD development solutions like GoogleTest etc.
Experience with Source Code and Configuration management tools, such as Git
Strong debugging and analysis skills, for root causing complex issues
Experience of profiling software and optimization techniques
Good understanding of multi-dimensional data movements and processing
Experience developing embedded software, preferably on-device ML
Previous experience working in an Agile environment, and collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.",4.0,"Qualcomm Incorporated
4.0","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
141,Senior Software Engineer,"$66k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Ezoic, we're building a better internet experience with our all-in-one digital publishing platform. We are looking for motivated, fast-learning developers who are excited to build products that scale to millions of visitors every day.

At its core, our product uses artificial intelligence to learn how users interact with digital content and proactively delivers the optimal front end for every visitor to our customers' sites. We've built tools to automatically generate progressive web apps, in-depth reporting dashboards to give publishers novel insights into their users, data pipelines to process hundreds of millions of events, and tools to vastly increase throughput and effectiveness of our machine learning decisions, just to name a few. We're continuously growing, and we're looking for frontend and backend developers who love building and solving problems across the entire tech stack.

Technologies you'll work with:
Big Data: It's the backbone of everything we do. We use Redshift and MySQL to store just about everything you could imagine about a visitor's interactions with digital content.
Machine Learning: We use tensorflow, scikit-learn, Python, Golang, and state-of-the-art tools we've developed in-house to make data-driven decisions about the kinds of ads, content, and layouts to show each visitor.
Web Development: We build customer-facing dashboards, apps, and internal tools using whatever framework is best for the job, whether it's Vue.js, Angular, JS, Go or PHP. Plus, with a wide variety of digital publishers, you'll get experience working with a diverse set of web development technologies.
Cloud Computing: Our stack is built primarily upon AWS (EC2, Dynamo, RDS, Kinesis, etc.), along with other tools such as Kubernetes, Docker, and Apache Spark.
What you'll need:

5+ years of experience as a software engineer
Strong coding fundamentals: you're an expert in at least one language (e.g. Golang, Python, JavaScript, C++), and you're eager to learn more.
Web development experience (AJAX, HTML, CSS, PHP, React, Angular, etc.)
Experience with databases (PostgreSQL, Redshift, MySQL, or similar)
A drive to solve problems
Life as an Ezoic engineer:

Ezoic is an inaugural member of the Google Certified Publishing Partner Program. This means we work closely with Google to help websites optimize their ad revenue. We actually have won awards directly from Google for the artificial intelligence that we've built. Cool, right?!?

Ezoic is a technology-first company. Our CEO is a developer by trade, and our engineers are given all the tools needed to succeed. We empower our engineers to make a lot of their own decisions about both design and implementation, and encourage them to come up with new ideas to improve the application. We also aim to keep a good work-life balance, based on our philosophy that happy engineers are more productive. We want you to be working on something that you are passionate about and allow engineers to move around to keep things fresh.

While we are all working remotely now because of Covid, we have a brand new office in Carlsbad, CA, where we plan to return next year sometimes when the world goes back to normal. Every engineer works at their own quad-monitor setup on a standing desk. We pride ourselves on getting stuff done, but when you need a break, Ezoic offers great perks, including unlimited vacation time, catered lunches, snacks, flexible hours, ping pong, video games, and pool.

#ZR",4.9,"Ezoic
4.9","Carlsbad, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
142,Data Science Software Engineer,"$65k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Schneider organization is seeking an experienced Data Science Software Engineer to be responsible for the creation of tools and applications that enable complex Advanced Analytics solutions within the enterprise. You will create conceptual prototypes to test new concepts, develop advanced analytics systems to solve challenging business problems, and deploy these tools and systems into the business and monitor their effectiveness and usefulness. You will also research the use of purchased and open-source technologies and concepts that support the creation of tools and systems for use by technical and non-technical users.

About the role:
Provide expert technical guidance in project working groups. Will frequently be asked to lead technical project discussions.
Gather requirements, design, develop, test, implement, and support applications developed across various development environments and in various languages.
Work with the Engineering team to develop and apply heuristics and mathematical concepts, such as natural language processing (NLP), simulation, optimization, machine learning, and statistical models to business problems. Develops state-of-the-art advanced analytics solutions for complex business problems.
Create prototype applications for complex solutions to implement approved concepts, actively guides and monitors the prototype when deployed to key users, transitions the prototype into a production system and provides production-support after implementation.
Follow appropriate development methodologies while developing applications.
As an associate you will enjoy a strong work/life balance that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401k savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider is dedicated to continuous individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

Our ideal candidate will have:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field, plus a minimum of 5 years of IT work experience in systems analysis, designing, programming, system admin, implementation and maintenance of applications within an application domain; or the equivalent.
Advanced knowledge of advanced analytics software technologies, technical design, programming, monitoring, and troubleshooting enabling software related technologies. Knowledgeable of advanced analytics strategies, architectural standards and best practices.
Two or more years of experience with two or more programming languages from the following list required: Java, Python, JavaScript, C++, Ruby, C#, Objective-C or R.
Advanced experience with Python or Java specifically.
Experience with any data science tools such as R, SAS, or SPSS a plus. Experience with the HDFS/YARN/Spark and related tools a plus.
Experience with mathematical modeling languages (DOcplex/CPLEX, Matlab, GAMS) a plus.
Experience developing applications in a Linux server environment preferred.
Company overview:

Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a nearly $5 billion company (2019 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:
We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:
Safety- first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world.

Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com/.
Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
143,Data Scientist II,"$56k-$98k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Nolij Consulting LLC is a certified Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) that provides information technology services in test and evaluation (T&E), enterprise architecture (EA), electronic health record (EHR) modernization, infrastructure operations and maintenance (O&M), data analytics and visualization, and agile transformation. Our mission is to understand the challenges and goals of our clients, address them with innovative solutions, and work together to achieve project success. Were eager to hear from candidates like you that can join and contribute to our team.

Nolij Consulting has an opening for a Data Scientist II to join our team based in Vienna, VA.

Responsibilities:
Must be able to design, modify, develop, write and implement software programming applications.
Must be able to support and/or install software applications/operating systems.
Must be able to participate in the testing process through test reviews and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.
Must be able to design, plan, and coordinate work teams.
Must be able to provides technical support to project team members.
Must be familiar with a variety of the field concepts, practices, and procedures.
Must be able to rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Must be able to perform a variety of tasks.
Must be able to lead and direct the work of others.
Must exhibit a wide degree of creativity and latitude.
Must typically be able to report to a head of a unit/department
Requirements:
Required a bachelor's degree in science or a related area.
Required 6-8 years of experience in the field.
Note: Since this position is for a Federal Project, a candidate must possess US Citizenship to obtain Clearance.
Do you like the idea of being a driver on a team of distinction? If so, we want to hear from you. To apply, go to https://www.nolijconsulting.com/careers/

Nolij is an EEO/Affirmative Action employer and encourages all qualified applicants to apply.",4.1,"Nolij Consulting
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
144,Claims Data Scientist,-1,"About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary
As a Claims Data Scientist at ConcertAI, you will be responsible for data exploration, and analysis on patient data for various stakeholders in the oncology and healthcare domain, including claims and claims-clinical linked data assets. You will report to the Vice President of Data Products. You should have a good mix of programming/CS, visualization, stats/math, and ML skills (with a particular strength in at least 2 of those areas), and ideally, you have been applying those skills in healthcare. You should have previous experience with healthcare claims. You will design methods and models around client driven needs and you will collaborate with various subject matter experts to inform those methods. You will assist the client delivery team with insights, dashboards, and ad-hoc analytics. You will also work with the engineering team to build prototypes and models for new product development.
Responsibilities
Understand external claims data assets and oversee the ingestion, processing, de-identification, and provisioning for data assets and research projects.
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives with defined goals and timelines.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Become the internal subject matter expert on all things claims.
Implement models using high level software packages (SKlearn, R, TensorFlow, Spark).
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Experience with healthcare claims data
Intimate familiarity with the python data science stack (pandas, sklearn, numpy/scipy).
Firm understanding of claims data processing and adjudication, including rejections, re-submissions, and identifying final claims.
Ideal candidate would have a competency around linking EMR and claims data via identity management.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .",3.6,"ConcertAI
3.6",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
145,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),-1,"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
146,Sr. Software Engineer - Open Source Tools,"$82k-$159k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx


Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company?

At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way. We want Alteryx to be recognized as much for our dynamic work culture as for our products.

About Alteryx Innovation Labs


The Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve impactful problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we’re looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.


Overview


As a Senior Software Engineer, you will help the Open Source Tools team create and maintain innovative, open source tools for machine learning. Responsibilities you will encounter in this role include:
Working with other team members to design and implement new features for our tools
Create new open source libraries to complement our existing ones
Identifying the source of an issue a user is having with one of our libraries and implement a fix
Assisting community members in contributing changes of their own to our projects
Building integrations with other popular open source libraries such as pandas, scitkit-learn, or dask
Writing documentation and creating demos that communicate how to user our tool and the challenge it is trying to solve
Presenting our tools and technology at industry conferences such as PyCon and PyData
Performing peer code review
***The company will not provide sponsorship for work visas or other employment authorization for this position***
Requirements
BS or higher in Computer Science or equivalent
Extensive experience with Python development
Experience with data-related Python tools like numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn, and dask
Work in our Boston office near Copley Square
Bonus
Contributed to or maintain open source libraries
Experience with performance testing machine learning systems
Experience with API design
Benefits and Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
147,Data Scientist,"$83k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist

Language: English

Location: Memphis, TN

Travel: <10>

Buckman is a privately held, global specialty chemical company with headquarters in Memphis, TN, USA, committed to safeguarding the environment, maintaining safety in the workplace, and promoting sustainable development. Buckman delivers exceptional service and innovative solutions to our customers globally in the pulp and paper, leather, and water treatment sectors to help boost productivity, reduce risk, improve product quality, and provide a measurable return on investment. Buckman is in the middle of a digital transformation of its businesses and focused on building the capabilities and tools in support of this.

Position Summary
Buckman is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to lead the development of a Data Science program at our Memphis facility. You will work closely with Buckman stakeholders to derive deep industry knowledge across paper, water, leather, and performance chemical industries. You will help develop a data strategy for the company including collection of the right data, creation of the data science project portfolio, partnering with external providers, and augmenting capabilities with additional internal hires. A large part of the job is communicating and developing relationship with key stakeholders and subject matter experts to tee up proofs of concept projects to demonstrate how data science can be used to solve old problems in unique and novel ways. You will not have a large internal team to rely on, at least initially, so individual expertise, breadth of data science knowledge, and ability to partner with external companies will be essential for success. In addition to the pure data science problems, you will be working closely with a multi-disciplinary team consisting of sensor scientists, software engineers, network engineers, mechanical/electrical engineers, and chemical engineers in the development, and deployment of IoT solutions. If you like working for an entrepreneurial company with a Sustainability mission and digital ambitions at the core of its strategy, Buckman is the place for you.

Competencies Needed for Success
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
5+ years of relevant working experience in an analytical role involving data extraction, analysis, and visualization
Expertise in one or more programming languages R, Python, MATLAB, JMP, Minitab, Java, C++, Scala
Key libraries such as Sklearn, XgBoost, GLMNet, Dplyr, ggplot, Rshiny
Experience and knowledge of data mining algorithms including supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques areas such as Gradient Boosting, Decision Trees, Multivariate Regressions, Logistic regressions, Neural Network, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Naive Bayes, Time Series, Optimization
Microsoft IoT/data science toolkit: Azure Machine Learning, Datalake, Datalake analytics, Workbench, IoT Hub, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, Time Series Insights, PowerBI
Data querying languages (e.g. SQL, Hadoop/Hive) and Preferred Qualifications
A demonstrated record of success with a verifiable portfolio of problems tackled
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s or PhD degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
Experience in the specialty chemicals sector or similar industry
Background in engineering, especially Chemical Engineering
Experience starting up a data science program
Experience working with global stakeholders
Experience working in a start-up environment, preferably in an IoT company
Knowledge in quantitative modeling tools and statistical analysis",3.6,"Buckman
3.6","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1945,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
148,Sr. Research Engineer,"$70k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","A collective energy and ambition. A place where you can make a real difference.

We’re a company that genuinely cares about our people, our products, our consumers and the environment.

Our unique, informal culture champions courage, determination and collaboration. Knowing we have an open and supportive team means each of us has the freedom to take responsibility and ownership. We have a shared passion to work hard, innovate and push boundaries.

United by the belief that when we strive for growth, anything is possible. While we might not be the largest company in our industry, we believe we can have the biggest impact because: Together We Have the Power to Win.

Role Summary:

As a member of the Product Engineering group, will support the mechanical and electrical product development efforts across all the Church & Dwight bands. Will assist the team by being a project lead as well working to design and develop parts of packaging and device solutions and develop test methods and plans to determine the precise designed solutions. Will work in a manner consistent with the Church & Dwight R&D core principles of teamwork, consumer and customer focus, personal responsibility and integrity.

Responsibilities:
Be a technical project lead for cross functional technical projects
Lead the work to create design engineered solutions to innovative primary packaging
Design, Engineer, and Validate components for Medical Devices
Interface with team and key stake holders to ensure alignment of project expectations
Work with external suppliers to ensure their production equipment meets design intent
Effectively use problem solving skills to identify and assess potential problems and help to develop and implement mitigation or resolution plans and activities.
Meet timelines, manage expectations, and deliver to those expectations.
Travel to vendors and manufacturing locations for support of product activities
Provide regular technical progress updates to R&D partners and potential cross-functional groups within project team, as well as communication to upper management at key project milestones
Work on and lead cross functional teams to create manufacturable and consumer tested designs
Use principles of design thinking to create designs based on true consumer needs
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Applied Sciences from an accredited university or college
Minimum of 7 years of applicable technical experience
Minimum of 2 years applicable project leadership experience
History of successful technical project leadership including projects that span across multiple stake holders and external suppliers
Experience working on Complex multistage projects
Experience with CAD (SolidWorks or Creo preferred), GD&T, BOMs, mechanical drawings, ECOs.
Experience in the product design, development and DFM.
Familiar with Six Sigma tools, (process capability, ANOVA, and statistical techniques) and able to design and execute product test plans utilizing Design of Experiments.
Church & Dwight is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

For more information on our company, our brands and our culture visit us at http://www.churchdwight.com/",3.4,"Church & Dwight
3.4","Princeton, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1846,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
149,AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer at ConsumerMedical,-1,"AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer

ConsumerMedical

Norwell, MA or Bloomington, MN

COMPANY PROFILE

ConsumerMedical (www.consumermedical.com) is a leading healthcare decision support and clinical concierge company serving over 4 million individuals through some of the nation's largest employers, health plans and private exchanges. As a Medical Ally, ConsumerMedical (CM) guides participants throughout their healthcare journey with compassionate, high-touch support and deep clinical expertise.

ConsumerMedical offers a fully integrated suite of solutions including Medical Decision Support, Expert Medical Opinions, Claims Advocacy and more, helping individuals and families navigate the healthcare system while reducing unnecessary elective surgeries and driving patients to the highest quality providers. The result is better care for patients, more empowered healthcare decisions for employees and their families, and a better bottom line for business. The company is headquartered outside Boston in Norwell, MA.

We offer an opportunity to contribute immediately, have a voice that’s recognized, and make decisions that have impact while building a career with a fast-growing organization. ConsumerMedical offers a healthy work-life balance and is an inclusive employer seeking to foster a diverse and collaborative culture. We are currently seeking a full time AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer to join our growing team.

GENERAL SUMMARY

Our data analytics / engineering teams are looking for an AI/ML Cloud Data Engineer who wants to bring our platform(s) to the next level, expanding into new market opportunities. In undertaking this challenge, you will be working with data scientists, software engineers, and data providers to maintain data and transforms on that data. In this role, you will lead and be responsible for creating and maintaining data pipelines for healthcare application(s) developed and managed in Azure Cloud Services. The pipelines include big data primarily from commercial healthcare claims, provider data, CMS and other proprietary quality and clinical data sources. All data and pipelines are used for machine learning and artificial intelligence to advance to and enhance applications which help ConsumerMedical maintain its leadership position in the 5 drivers of quality. This is a key role to a team who are at the forefront of the latest technologies and immersed in development on cloud services with new and emerging healthcare data sources.

Our team of industry experts work in a fast-paced, rapid-learning environment in software development, working with massive data sets, and healthcare data analytics. In our environment, everyone is encouraged to make a difference without experiencing the fixed ways of doing business in larger, bureaucratic organizations.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

Data engineering leadership and architecture responsible to collect, aggregate, store, and reconcile data to Azure in support of healthcare business decisions.
Design and build data pipelines, data streams, and data services on Azure which drive data driven, qualitative, quality insights and application enhancement / search results.
Build / architect processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Architect / deliver modern data solutions leveraging components like Azure functions, Azure Data Factory, Data Flows, Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL, Azure Data Bricks, Streaming Analytics and related
Enable data pipelines between structured and unstructured data sources and company’s Enterprise Data Warehouse on Azure through a continuous process of data scrapping, structure transformation cleansing and formatting in SQL / Python
Working with Data Scientists, Engineering and Physicians to build an enhanced data ecosystem and build new integrated solutions to provide a holistic set of industry-leading data and analytic capabilities including Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and real-time insights
Support business users on functional and data requirements to enhance data models and pipelines
Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms
Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe action
Critical part of the data supply chain, ensuring that our clients can access and manipulate data for routine and ad hoc analysis to drive business outcomes using Advanced Analytics at terabyte size data scale.
Analyze the business, functional, and technical issues in order to successfully implement innovative BI solutions on Azure.
Integral team member to the design, development, and delivery of all modern BI solutions on Azure for our internal / external clients
Technologies include:
SQL
Python
JavaScript
Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash
Azure Data Technologies, specifically Databricks, Data Factory, Blob storage
Snowflake Data Warehouse
Prepare, clean, aggregate and interpret big data (billions+ rows) in support of advanced analytic projects across the organization
Ideal candidate will have a knack for big picture/critical thinking, as well as enjoy being very hands-on in a fast paced, innovative environment.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science, or related field
3+ years of experience architecting and building Azure Big Data architecture, Enterprise Analytics Solutions, and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience with Design and Architecture of Azure big data frameworks/tools: Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, Azure ML, SQL Data Warehouse, HDInsight
Strong background in Big Data and Cloud technologies:
Preferred: Azure (Azure Functions, Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Blob), Snowflake Data Warehouse);
Similar: Hadoop, PySpark, Hive, Big Query, AWS (EC2, RDS, CloudFormation, S3), Google Cloud Platform.
Strong background in distributed data processing and software engineering, can build high-quality, scalable data products.
Deep technical knowledge of data architectures, databases, data modeling and data infrastructure in the cloud (i.e.- Azure, AWS, Google Cloud)
Experience designing and developing data cleansing routines utilizing typical data quality functions involving standardization, transformation, rationalization, linking and matching
Deep hands-on experience with SQL including ability to write, analyze, and debug SQL and Python
Highly skilled in areas of structured data (e.g. join types, inner, outer), understanding of when tables should/shouldn’t have duplicates (many to many; 1 to many joins)
Experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Vision and/or Conversational/NLP applications
Ideal candidate has healthcare, pharmaceutical or biomedical data experience with a focus on improved patient care, quality of care, patient engagement, provider experience, and system efficiency
Experience with code deployment in Azure Databricks environment preferred.
Knowledge of data, master data and metadata related standards, processes and technology
Strong hands on experience with data core modernization and data ingestion
Preferred experience with Snowflake Data Warehouse systems
Experience in designing and implementing scalable, distributed systems leveraging cloud computing technologies like Microsoft Azure, AWS EC2, and AWS Elastic Map
Familiarity with DevOps tools like Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Maven etc.
Experience working with Azure data integration techniques & self-service data preparation.
Assist business users on functional and data requirements to enhance data models and pipelines

Please submit resume and cover letter for consideration.

Disclaimers:

Applicants, as well as position incumbents, who become disabled as defined under the Americans with Disabilities Act must be able to perform the essential job functions (as listed) either unaided or with the assistance of a reasonable accommodation to be determined by management on a case by case basis.

ConsumerMedical is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity. Applicants for employment and employees are reviewed on their individual qualifications for a position. Under no circumstances will ConsumerMedical discriminate against qualified persons on the basis of race, color, religious creed, retaliation, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity/expression, disability, mental illness, genetics, choice of health insurance, marital status, age, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited under applicable law.",3.7,"Insight Performance
3.7","Norwell, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
150,Lead Systems Software Engineer / Database Ecosystem at Vertica (US-REMOTE),"$92k-$139k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Lead Systems Software Engineer / Database Ecosystem at Vertica (US-REMOTE)

Job Description:
Title: Lead Systems Software Engineer / Database Ecosystem at Vertica (US-REMOTE)

Location: Remote Eligible

Vertica believes that each of us knows the work environment that makes us the most productive. Thats why we provide our employees with the ability to work how and where they will be the most successful. We enable a flexible approach to work location, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office or from home, or a combination of both, but you make that choice including where you choose to live. Vertica invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environments to empower employees to work productively in the setting that meets their personal needs. Thats why were so proud to have a highly productive and engaged team in every function of the company.

About the role

The Vertica ecosystem engineering team in Cambridge, MA is looking for a experienced systems software engineer and technical lead to help us take our Big Data Analytics Platform to the next level.

A database is only as good as the use cases it enables. The ecosystem team is responsible for the database libraries, tools, and APIs that developers use to build modern big data applications with Vertica. Our teams work includes database client libraries like JDBC and vertica-python, operational tools to manage and automate the database lifecycle, and integrations with complementary data processing systems like Apache Kafka or Spark.

In this role, you will take ownership of multiple libraries, tools and integration projects that help make it easier to build data-driven applications and solutions with data managed by Vertica. Youll provide technical direction and support for small team of developers build enhancements to these tools and develop integrations with other systems. Many of these projects will be open source projects developed and managed via GitHub (for example: https://github.com/vertica/vertica-python).

We need a self-directed engineer who is capable of solving problems in diverse areas, including:
Systems programming
Networking
Distributed Systems
Developer tooling & middleware
The candidates responsibilities will include:
Design and implement enhancements to existing Vertica integration projects
Define, build and manage new integration projects for a variety of database use cases and technologies
Influence the design of database features and extension points based on the needs of integration projects
Diagnose, debug, and resolve product issues discovered during the development process and coming from customers
Provide technical leadership and support for junior members of the team by planning major development tasks and conducting thorough design and code reviews
The recommended requirements the candidate should meet are:
Bachelor, Masters, or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
7+ years of experience working full time in a software engineering role
Strong understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software engineering practices for sustainable development.
Strong working knowledge of C++ and comfort pivoting between multiple programming languages as needed in specific projects (primarily java, python & golang)
Excellent communication and project management skills
Past experience designing database applications or building data processing systems in a distributed environment

About our team
The best ideas often come from fresh perspectives. At Vertica, our open-minded, diverse and inclusive team is always learning from each other. We approach intellectually challenging work with a ""get it done"" attitude. Vertica Engineers are given significant latitude and support to pursue what they are passionate about to make Vertica an even better place. If you are excited about building great technology with a proactive team, you will find yourself in good company at Vertica. Welcome to the family.
About our product
Vertica is a recognized leader in analytics powering some of the worlds most data driven organizations like Uber, Wayfair, Intuit, Cerner, and more. Our columnar, MPP, distributed database delivers unprecedented speed, petabyte scale, with analytics and machine learning functions built into the core.
We believe the future belongs to the fast. Join us for the ride!
#LI-GC2
#DiceGC

Job:

Engineering

Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status",3.3,"Micro Focus
3.3","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1976,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
151,Machine Learning Software Engineer – Compilers,"$89k-$150k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Machine Learning Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

AI is moving from cloud to the edge devices. QUALCOMM, as the world's leading mobile computing platform provider, is committed to enable the wide deployment of intelligent solutions on all possible devices. Be a part of our Deep Learning research project in Corporate R&D, where you will be involved and participate in building best-in-class solutions and tools needed to enable state-of-the-art technologies for next generation mobile/embedded machine learning platforms for smart phones, autonomous vehicles, robotics and IOT devices. In this role, you will work in a dynamic research environment, be part of a multi-disciplinary team of researchers and software developers, collaborate with internal teams, work with popular neural network frameworks, and understand the architecture of Qualcomms SOC compute and ML HW accelerators. You will design, develop & test software for machine learning compilers, tools and frameworks that enable models to efficiently run on all edge devices. The successful applicant should have a strong software background, and passion to work on neural network frameworks/libraries.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's, Computer Engineering and/or Computer Science and/or Electrical Engineering
5+ years of Software Engineering experience.
Extensive programming experience using C/C++ & Python.
Hands-on experience with code generation implementation/optimization leveraging compiler frameworks such as LLVM, GCC, or machine learning compilers such as TVM, Glow, XLA or TensorFlow.
Preferred Qualifications
Strong object oriented design and development skills.
Knowledge of neural networks, with hands-on experience using ML frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch
Experience with TDD development solutions like GoogleTest etc.
Experience with Source Code and Configuration management tools, such as Git
Strong debugging and analysis skills, for root causing complex issues
Knowledge of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), RNN/LSTMs
Familiarity with any of the deep learning compiler frameworks TVM, Glow or XLA
Experience with compiler frameworks such as LLVM or GCC
Knowledge Qualcomm Hexagon DSP is a plus
Experience developing embedded software, preferably on-device ML
Previous experience working in an Agile environment, and collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.",4.0,"Qualcomm
4.0","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
152,Marine Systems Field Engineer,-1,"Sea Machines is a fast-growing startup specializing in autonomous technology for marine vessels. The world’s oceans convey 90% of global commerce. We’re applying practical A.I. and machine learning to disrupt the massive maritime transportation market. Our tech provides ships and workboats the intelligence to work remotely, increases safety for maritime crews, and radically improves operator productivity.

We’re recruiting for an experienced customer-facing, marine systems field engineer to join our team. You’ll travel to customer and dealer sites to coordinate Sea Machines product deployment and service on customer vessels. You have demonstrated aptitude with marine vessel controls, electronics and mechanical systems. You have solid experience installing and commissioning complex hardware/software products and have excellent communications skills. You’re hands-on, innovative and passionate about new technology.

Sea Machines is funded by industry-leading technology investors and we’ve introduced our first commercial product, the Sea Machines 300. We’re located on the East Boston waterfront at Jeffries Point, steps away from the Maverick T station and Boston Harbor water taxis.
Responsibilities*
Coordinate installation and commissioning of Sea Machines products in customer marine vessels worldwide working with our dealer network
Monitor Sea Machines product performance in customer fleets
Respond to customer support inquiries and provide timely resolution of customer field issues
Maintain regular communications and reporting of any field issue to the operations and technology teams
Provide input to product documentation including installation, service and user manuals
Requirements and Skills*
You’ve done this before – you have 7+ years of installation and service experience for complex hardware/software technology products
*A background in supporting marine systems, controls, PLCs and electronics is required.*
Foster a customer support culture based on execution, quality and responsiveness
Project professionalism, confidence and competence in communications and interactions with customers, partners, teams and management
Ability to work collaboratively across departmental functions
Significant travel is required for this position
Minimum of an Bachelor’s degree in Engineering Technology, Marine Engineering, Operations or a related discipline is required
Marine certifications or licenses are a plus - please list when applying
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Experience:
maritime or autonomous vehicle product domain: 7 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
50% (Required)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.1,"Sea Machines Robotics Inc.
4.1","Boston, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Shipping,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
153,Digital Signal Processing (DSP) Engineer 1,-1,"DSP Engineer 1

NSBU | Melbourne, FL, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a candidate that has experience in radar, SAR, interferometry, or image processing. Candidate must be comfortable with algorithm development in both time and frequency domains.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the DSP Engineer I position?

Candidate will be responsible for developing cutting edge algorithms within a heterogeneous software environment containing code in Python, MATLAB, C++ and Java. Machine Learning, Cloud Technology, and software skills are desired. Good communication skills, with ability to interact with remote co-workers are important. Looking for people able to find creative and cutting-edge solutions for government customers.

What required background will make you successful?
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Applied Math, or other equivalent field of discipline
Demonstrated capability in scientific programming of high-level language on Unix/Linux platforms
Ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI security clearance
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Melbourne, FL office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Melbourne, FL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
154,Machine Learning Research Scientist,"$113k-$210k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Baidu Silicon Valley AI Lab (SVAIL) is advancing state-of-the-art AI with an emphasis on deep learning, speech, NLP (Natural language processing) and high-performance computing.

Responsibilities:
Conduct cutting edge research in speech and language technologies.
Research and develop novel algorithms and techniques to advance the state of the art in spoken language understanding.
Strengthen the position of Baidu as a leading company in AI research.
Publish peer reviewed articles in top conferences and journals.
Qualifications:
PhD in Computer Science or related field.
Basic knowledge in Information Theory, Digital Signal Processing and Linguistics.
In-depth understanding of deep learning algorithms, especially the Transformer architecture.
Hands-on experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch and Paddle.
Culture Fit:
Mission alignment: If you want to be part of a team to accomplish this great mission, we will provide you the best possible platform to do that.
Self­-directed: We work best with people that are driven, motivated, and aspire to greatness. Are you the sort of person that, if you had time on your hands, will independently find interesting and useful things to do?
Hungry to learn: We are eager to see you learn new skills and grow. But learning is hard work and this is something we hope you want to do.
Team orientation: We work in small, fast­-moving teams. We don't believe in lone wolves. We watch out for each other and go after big goals together as a team.",4.1,"Baidu USA
4.1","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
155,Senior Data Scientist with Top Secret,"$109k-$180k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What You'll Get to Do as a Data Scientist: *
Leads data science efforts, working closely with clients and data to understand mission and data.
Develops algorithms leveraging modern data science technologies including reinforcement learning systems, machine learning and more.
Provides clients with technical expertise for a project or program. Able to manage technology projects or lead technology solutioning.
Provides highly technical and specialized guidance and solutions to complex IT problems; performs elaborate analyses and studies.
Evaluates, recommends, and executes new technologies and updates existing infrastructure to ensure optimal performance and efficiency.
Develops IT strategies to ensure the systems meet existing and future requirements based on needs and regulations.
Works in a variety of environments and has excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills. Works effectively and independently.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Must have an active TS or TS/SCI
At least 5 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with multiple database types such as SQL, Redis and MongoDB
Experience building and integrating the at the application and database level
Experience developing REST/SOAP APIs and messaging protocols and formats
At least 2 years of theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization
Experience implementing event/data streaming services such as Kafka
Experience prototyping front-end visualizations utilizing data visualization suites such as Kibana or Splunk
At least 2 years of experience developing Reinforcement learning systems utilizing at least one of the following methodologies. Finite Markov Decision Processes, Support Vector Machines, Q-Learning, Stochastic Finite State Machines, MCTS or other hybrid Deep Reinforcement Learning processes
Experience in theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization.
Experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Experience:
SAS: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
R: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20016 (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
156,Software & Data Analytics Engineer,-1,"About Us*
Our mission at FacilityConneX is to provide the industrial and commercial customer a world-class real time continuous monitoring system for any equipment or facility - Anytime, Anywhere. FacilityConneX is an advanced IoT solution for equipment optimization. FacilityConneX offers an industry leading experience for customers to gain insight on their own systems and data. For more information, go to www.facilityconnex.com

FacilityConneX offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. FacilityConneX is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

FacilityConneX is not able to consider applicants requiring visa sponsorship at this time. FacilityConneX is not currently considering any C2C candidates.
Posted Position Title*
Software & Data Analytics Engineer
Career Level*
Full-time
Function*
Engineering/Development
Location Opening Is Available*
United States - Nashua, NH
Relocation Expenses*
None
Role Summary*
As a Software & Data Analytics Engineer for FacilityConneX, you will be embedded in a close knit / cross- disciplinary team on commercially facing development projects, typically involving streaming, complex data set.

You will work addressing statistical, machine learning, and data understanding problems in various commercial and industrial applications. In this role, you will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning and statistical methods for finding valuable insights in large data sets. You will leverage experience from various sources such as software developers, engineers, partner subject matter experts, and end users - to define business problems, work with and manipulate data, develop analytical solutions, and execute analytical models and rules in production environments - aimed at specific commercial and industrial markets. Potential application areas include smart buildings, facility infrastructure optimization, OEM equipment builders, industrial / manufacturing, energy management, and various other IoT equipment monitoring applications.

In this role, a heavy emphasis will be put on the practical application, use, and benefits to our customers using our system. As a Software & Data Analytics Engineer, you will work to assure all solutions are optimized for performance and deployment into our hosted industrial cloud environment.
Essential Responsibilities*
In this role, you will:

• Develop analytics within well-defined projects to address customer needs and opportunities.
• Continuously contribute to improving and building out our analytics platform.
• Assist in the build-out of our analytics library on our next generation Python based framework.
• Work alongside software developers, software engineers, and partner subject matter experts, to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services.
• Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics.
• Share and discuss findings with team members and customer clients.
• Provide quality documentation for both end users and internal teams.
Qualification Requirements*
Basic Qualifications:

• Bachelor’s Degree in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics)
• At least 5 year’s full-time experience in applying data science software solutions.
• Demonstrate strong proficiency using Python and associated data science packages (e.g. Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow)

Additional Eligibility Requirements:

• Very solid experience working on daily basis with Linux-based operating systems
• Demonstrated skill in the use of various database software tools (e.g. SQL, Redis, S3, Dynamo, OLAP)
• Comfortable working in common programming languages / interfaces (e.g. JavaScript, Node JS, REST, GO)
• Demonstrated skills in data cleaning, features engineering, model selection to best suit the application and data.
• Demonstrated skill in the use of applied analytics and predictive analytics on streaming time- series data.
• Familiar with CI/CD techniques associated with provisioning of analytics to production environments. E.g Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub Actions, other CI/CD and IaC technologies.
• Solid experience with Docker containers and Kubernetes in collaboration with development team
• Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas at this time.
• Must be willing to travel up to 10% if needed.
Desired Characteristics*
• Strong passion for technology, a willingness to learn new skills and the ability to convert to new technologies
• Self-motivated and self-directed, ability to translate technical direction into functional solutions
• Ability to work effectively, managing multiple priorities
• Proven ability to investigate complex issues and drive to completion

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Analytics: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Nashua, NH 03062 (Required)
Application Question:
Are you able to work without any visa sponsorship requirements or C2C arrangement?
Work Location:
One location
Relocation Assistance Provided:
No
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Company's website:
facilityconnex.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,FacilityConneX,"Nashua, NH",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Subsidiary or Business Segment,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
157,Data Scientist,"$56k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Sartorius Stedim Data Analytics, a market leader in advanced analytics and provider of Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions, is on a strong growth path driving new innovative solutions in the field. It currently has an outstanding opportunity for a Data Scientist to drive customer applications, support the Sartorius sales teams and feedback customer needs into the development of new solutions. The incumbent for this key role will have a strong customer focus to help secure innovation and growth from both new and existing customers.

What you can look forward to
Assisting customers in solving business related problems using advanced data analysis and data driven technologies
Supporting implementation of advanced analytics in industry
Analyzing large amounts of data and building data driven models
Initiating, leading and driving customer projects
Training customers on the use of our software
Supporting sales (pre/post)
Supporting marketing & development
Performing regular follow up with customers to track satisfaction, secure project momentum and discover additional opportunities
Creating technical documents
Attending and presenting at conferences, seminars and forums
Developing & cultivating strong relationships with external and internal stakeholders
Being part of a team of data scientists
Skills and experience
Minimum of a bachelor's degree (master’s degree preferred) in a relevant field (engineering, life sciences, informatics, automation/control, etc.)
Minimum two years’ work experience within Biopharma or Pharma
Minimum two years’ working knowledge of applied statistics including MVDA, DOE, MSPC, PAT, QbD, Model Predictive Control (MPC), MMPC, AI/Machine learning
Strong bioprocess knowledge preferred
Familiarity with Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions preferred (MODDE, SIMCA, SIMCA-online, Control Advisor, Active Dashboard)
Working knowledge of prescriptive analytics a plus
Working knowledge of Python scripting preferred
Working knowledge of MATLAB, data historians and control strategies a plus
Teaching, consulting and project management experience a plus
Excellent communications skills, strong presentation skills
Comfortable working independently
Comfortable working from home office, willingness to travel (~25%)
Strong identification with Sartorius core values: sustainability, openness, enjoyment
Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organization suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognized for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin. We are also an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.

Please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by OFCCP here

E-Verify Participation Info

E-Verify Workers Rights

Interested? Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organisation suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognised for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

To find out more about Sartorius as an employer visit us on Sartorius Careers

Become part of our global team.",3.6,"Sartorius
3.6","Wilmington, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1870,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
158,Senior Data Engineer,-1,"Who makes a great addition to our team:
Curious doers. We look for people who get sh*t done, but not at the risk of doing the wrong thing. We want people who ask questions, challenge, and engage in egoless debate to get to the right end goal.
Rigor, not ruthlessness. We look for people who enjoy working hard and pushing themselves and each other, but this works for us only as much as we are kind and supportive of one another.
Big picture leadership. We expect all of our teammates to be leaders and for them to step back and step forward at the right time for the harmony of the greater team and the big picture.

What we're looking for:
Strong educational background in Computer Science, Math or a related field
A minimum of five years experience working with data warehouses
A minimum of two years experience working with object oriented languages
A minimum of two years experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling
A minimum of of experience writing SQL statements

As a Senior Data Engineer you will tackle:
Managing the dtx data warehouse and data lake and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership, including defining and managing SLA for all data sets.
Partnering with the Data Science and Analytics team to investigate and implement advanced statistical models and machine learning pipelines.
Assisting client support and sales with client integrations.",4.7,"the dtx company
4.7","New York, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
159,Machine Learning Ops Engineer,"$77k-$137k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Numerator is looking for Machine Learning Ops Engineer to join our growing Research and Development team. This is a unique opportunity where you will get a chance to work with an established and rapidly evolving platform that handles millions of requests and massive amounts of events, and other data. In this position, you will be responsible for taking on new initiatives to design, build, and deploy high-performance deep learning models in a rapidly-scaling environment.

As a member of our team, you will make an immediate impact as you help build out and expand our technology platforms across several software products. This is a fast-paced role with high growth, visibility, impact, and ownership. Many of the decisions for new projects will be driven by you and your team from inception through production.

What you will get to do

Train machine learning and deep learning models on computing clusters to perform visual recognition tasks, such as segmentation and detection.
Build distributed, scalable, and reliable data pipelines that ingest and process data at scale and in real-time to feed machine learning algorithms.
Incorporate real-time data streams to produce highly predictive features in our models.
Work closely with data scientists, engineers, product managers, other teams, both internal and external stakeholders, owning a large part of the process from problem understanding to shipping the solution.
Support new models, systems & tools to help provide answers that allow Numerator to continue to build out the world's largest single-source set of purchase data across brands and retailers.
Create and maintain end-to-end data pipelines and APIs according to business needs.
Have the freedom to suggest and drive organization-wide initiatives while being part of providing the technical vision and strategy at Numerator.
Identify new opportunities to apply ML and other AI technologies across our products.

What we are looking for

You have a blend of data engineering, machine learning, and product innovation skills that let you jump into a fast-paced environment and contribute on day one.
You have at least 3 years of experience designing and implementing software solutions for complex problems. Must have industry experience with building and deploying ML-based solutions.
You have a strong understanding of software engineering practices and fundamentals (including data structures, algorithms, and software design concepts) and you are very comfortable with OOP principles (Python (preferred), Java, Go and an eagerness to learn more).
You are familiar with monitoring and deployment tools and platforms, such as Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, AWS Services.
You have experience in building real-world systems at an internet-scale for solving problems in recommendation systems, search, computer vision, or content understanding.
You have experience with designing, building, and maintaining production-grade machine learning pipelines and models.
You have working experience of classical ML and DL models, and libraries like Scikit-learn, Pytorch, Tensorflow.
You are a self-starter who is capable of learning on the job, take initiatives, and can pivot from blockers and develop new approaches.
You love building great products - You know how to engineer solutions that balance, robustness, scalability, and performance.

Extra, Nice to haves

Demonstrated ability to drive selection of machine learning approaches to solve specific problems coupled with the ability to clearly communicate tradeoffs.
Experience working with a MPP data warehouse (aka Redshift, Snowflake).
Experience configuring and optimizing data pipelines.
Experience in Marketing Analytics field.
Experience on AWS Sagemaker stack & pattern.
General software design patterns (REST, MVC, Auto-scaling, etc.).

What We Offer

An inclusive and collaborative company culture - we work in an open environment while working together to get things done and adapt to the changing needs as they come.
An opportunity to have an impact in a technologically data-driven company.
Ownership over data and environments in an industry-leading product.
Market competitive total compensation package.Volunteer time off and charitable donation matching.
Strong support for career growth, including mentorship programs, leadership training, access to conferences, and employee resources groups.Regular hackathons to build your own projects and Engineering Lunch and Learns.
Great benefits package including health/vision/dental, unlimited PTO, flexible schedule, 401K matching, travel reimbursement, and more.

If this sounds like something you would like to be part of, we'd love for you to apply! Don't worry if you think that you don't meet all the qualifications here. The tools, technology and methodologies we use are constantly changing and we value talent and interest over specific experience.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.1,"Numerator
4.1","Chicago, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
160,Senior Mechanical Engineer (Dispensing Dynamics),"$67k-$173k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are a global leader in the irrigation, outdoor lighting, dispensing technology, and custom manufacturing industries. Driving our continued success is the combined energy and talents of the nearly 3,000 people on our team. Together, we create a diverse array of products that can be seen all over the world, from residential landscapes to national landmarks, stadiums, parks, hotels, and municipal buildings. Although we’re global, we’re family owned, and our casual, fun, and caring company culture is what makes this a special place to work. As we grow, we are dedicated to preserving our unique culture that makes our employees proud to work here. Whether you’re pursuing a career at our headquarters in Southern California, or an opportunity at one of our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, or something somewhere in between, we look forward to welcoming you to Hunter Industries and our Family of Companies.

About This Role:
The Senior Mechanical Engineer is responsible for mechanical design and development of manufactured products. S/he provides technical leadership, applies knowledge of engineering principles, and uses computer aided design and analysis tools. Relies on experience and judgement to plan and accomplish goals.
Demonstrates behavior that is consistent with the company’s values of Customer Satisfaction, Innovation, Family, and Social Responsibility.

Essential Job Functions/Tasks:
1. Plans, conducts, and directs Engineering, Development, and Research projects of major significance, requiring the expert application of engineering principles and associated industry knowledge. Operates with wide latitude and autonomy in actions and decisions. Originates and applies new and unique engineering methods.

2. Performs analysis, modeling, prototype, and design of injection molded plastic or die-cast components and enclosures. Uses rapid prototyping methods as appropriate. Designs for manufacturability incorporating tolerance analysis. Manages and conducts part design reviews. Trains others in the proper use of high-end CAD and analysis equipment as a fully integrated development tool.

3. Leads and manages development and implementation of solutions to product problems. Promotes collaboration on design ideas to resolve product issues. Designs tests or test fixtures required to duplicate field failures or to qualify product design changes. Communicates ideas and opinions to team members and communicates design changes to affected departments.

4. Ensures that accurate product and project documentation is created and maintained. Coordinates collection of test and measurement data. Reviews test and inspection methods, collected data, and analysis of data.

5. Manages product change requests, oversees generation of solutions, and reviews implementation through Engineering Change Orders (ECOs). Ensures that changes are accurate and do not adversely affect product performance and manufacturability through Design Verification. Ensures conformance with engineering design and performance specifications.

6. Coordinates work with various departments to achieve common goals. Maintains on‐going discussions with various departments on design feasibility.

7. Researches and analyzes product proposals, specifications, and other data to evaluate the feasibility, cost, and manufacturing requirements of the design. Writes and reviews engineering performance requirements and specifications for product development and engineering projects.

8. May serve as lead engineer or project manager of a New Product Development team, developing a plan that includes project schedule, specifications, and budget. Responsible for seeing this plan through to completion. Provides and maintains project documentation as required by the New Product Development process.

9. Keeps abreast of current technology and competitive developments. Represents the organization in outside discussions and technical forums. Travels to test sites, customer locations and trade shows as required.

10. Manages and supervises engineers, designers and technicians, and administers annual performance reviews. Manages engineering internships.

Other Job Functions:
Performs other related tasks as assigned, some of which may become essential to the position.
Dispensing Dynamics’ approach to the health and safety of each employee is based on adherence to our Injury and Illness Prevention Program (IIPP). Every employee is responsible for their safety and must work safely at all times. Employees are to immediately report all unsafe or hazardous conditions, including injuries and near misses to their Supervisor or the Risk Management department. Those employees who do not comply with safe work practices may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.

Education/Training Required:
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or related engineering field.

Experience Required:
Minimum eight years of progressive experience in design engineering and project management.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA's):
KSA #1: Demonstrated competence in the field of mechanical engineering and extensive knowledge of manufacturing techniques and plastic injection molding.
KSA #2: Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.
KSA #3: Excellent knowledge of solid modeling software (SolidWorks preferred) and engineering analysis software (FEA, CFD, and Mold Flow).
KSA #4: Advanced mechanical aptitude and problem-solving ability.
KSA #5: Excellent interpersonal skills to work with customers and members across the organization.
KSA #6: Ability to travel to test sites, customer locations and trade shows. Must have or be able to obtain a valid passport.
KSA #7: Excellent attention to detail, time management and organizational skills. Ability to work within timelines.
KSA #8: Excellent leadership skills to lead new product development team and support engineers. Ability to lead and manage direct reports.

Physical Demands:
Ability to sit to use a computer, attend meetings, evaluate work stations and assembly ergonomics issues.
Ability to work in a variety of positions (bending, kneeling and crouching) to gain access to the lower areas of machines in the facility.
Ability to climb stairs to gain access to upper levels of the facility.
Ability to carry material, fixtures, tools, equipment weighing up to 70 pounds.
Finger dexterity sufficient to use standard measuring equipment and a computer.
Visual acuity sufficient to use standard measuring equipment and a computer, and to read written material.

Work Environment:
Office with carpeted floor and temperature controls.
Production area with tile floor and temperature controls.
Wears Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) when required.
Follow us on LinkedIn, check out our rave reviews on Glassdoor, and learn more about our company culture on our career site:http://corporate.hunterindustries.com/careers",4.3,"Hunter Industries
4.3","San Marcos, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
161,Machine Learning Engineer,"$48k-$89k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Olive is healthcare's first intelligent digital workforce and has been successfully deployed at numerous healthcare systems across the country. Olive helps streamline and automate the most high-volume, repetitive tasks so healthcare professionals can concentrate on their patients and solving healthcare's most challenging problems. Olive's promise to her customers is that she finds out where she can make an impact, onboards quickly, shows up to work everyday, does her job extremely well, and gets smarter over time.

The focus of the Machine Learning Engineering team is to develop models and logic to address customers' needs, package the codebase for testing, and deploy it to production environments. The ideal candidate understands machine learning as well as software development best practices— from collecting and preprocessing data for training, validating, and testing machine learning models to unit and integration testing, deployment, and maintenance. As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be expected to have the ability to work collaboratively with customers and other engineers to demonstrate value in sprints.

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with team members to deliver ML and RPA solutions including but not limited to data analytics and analysis, ML model training, and RPA implementation
Identify machine learning architectures and models to solve complex data problems
Work with multiple stakeholders to deliver automated workflows in a timely fashion
Use software development programs and operating systems for development
Define new techniques and best practices for all areas of req and ML
Provide feedback to product and development teams to improve our in house tools
Document process, procedures, and training materials for staff and stakeholders
Attend daily stand-up and periodic team meetings

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Physics, Applied Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering or other related degree or experience
Strong mathematical and data analysis skills
Solid understanding of data types and structures
Knowledge of remote connectivity applications: Citrix Receiver, Horizon VMWare Client, RDP
Version control such as GIT, Subversion, Team Foundation
Ability to understand large scale software & system architecture
Able to communicate technical issues with technical & non-technical stakeholders
Experience in one of the following programming languages: Python, R, SQL, and Javascript

Preferred Skills/Experience Nice to Have:

Experience with Python ML tools: Keras, Jupyter Notebooks, Pandas, scikit-learn, Flask, OpenCV, Tesseract, and Numpy
Experience with Agile tools, Jira, Trello, Pivotal Tracker
Understanding of Continuous integration, testing, deployment & release methodologies
Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, Autolt experience
Understanding of Computer Vision
Proficiency with recent Windows Server operating systems
Healthcare IT and EHR knowledge

PI123669218",3.8,"Olive
3.8","Columbus, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
162,Senior Data Scientist,"$101k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Klaviyo is looking for Senior Data Scientists to join our team which is still in its early days. You'll have a big impact on our direction and how we operate. You'll be central to upfront research and shipping products that help our customers learn and grow from their data.

The ideal candidate has a background in data science, statistics and machine learning and has done work ranging from exploratory analysis to training and deploying models. We use a wide variety of data mining and machine learning algorithms. The right candidate will have both a solid fundamental understanding and deep practical experience with at least a few modeling and machine learning techniques.

You should have experience building models that are used by people to make better decisions. We're focused on shipping early and often. We prefer iterative solutions that are incrementally better to the perfect solution.

How you will make a difference:


Analyze large data sets (we're collecting billions of individual actions every month).
Build models and ship products that enable businesses to grow faster and communicate with their customers.
Democratize and open up that technology to everyone (Our background as a team is building these models for the Fortune 50).
Match the right assumptions and models to the right problem.
Measure and know what impact your models had on the decisions people made -- e.g. did they outperform the previous best model or a human decision maker?

Who You Are:


Bachelor's or advanced degree in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other relevant quantitative discipline, or equivalent industry experience.
Have worked in a data science role for 5+ years professionally or academically and can talk about your projects and the techniques you used.
Have a strong fundamental understanding and deep experience with at least a few machine learning algorithms (e.g. regressions, decision trees, k-means clustering, neural networks).
Understand Bayesian modeling techniques.
Are capable of analyzing data and making rigorous statements about what can or cannot be concluded.
Have experience designing and implementing model performance/validation assessments.
Have a background in statistics and understand different distributions and the conditions under which they're valid.
Know how code and have used data science tools and packages.
Have demonstrated a measurable impact based on the models you've created. It's not always easy getting a model correct and we love talking about places we got stuck and working as a team to think through ideas that could unblock us.
Have a desire to ship features powered by data science (in other words, you're excited by both upfront research and actually getting models into production at cloud scale).

Get to know Klaviyo

Klaviyo is the world's leading owned marketing platform known for accelerating revenue for online businesses using the channels they own like email, web, and mobile. Enabling companies to leverage these owned marketing channels, Klaviyo makes it easy to store, access, analyze and use transactional and behavioral data to power highly-targeted customer and prospect communications. And unlike other marketing platforms, Klaviyo doesn't force companies to compromise between advanced functionality or ease of use - so companies of all sizes are able to maximize their sales quickly. That's why over 50,000 innovative companies like Unilever, Custom Ink and Eventbrite sell more with Klaviyo.",4.9,"Klaviyo
4.9","Boston, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
163,Data Scientist,"$82k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nations decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

We are looking for Data Scientists with various years of experience. In these positions you will work closely with the client to review and respond to data science requirements. These positions will involve analyzing both structured and unstructured data using data analytics, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques.

Experience with training and optimizing machine learning models and coordinating with data engineering components to deploy trained models to work on production data at scale is desired.

EDUCATION:


BS degree in technical field and 3+ years of experience

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w/poly clearance
Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.",4.2,"Varen Technologies
4.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
164,Data Scientist BSLEF8,"$57k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
165,Data Scientist for Detector Physics,"$56k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311174

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Signature Science and Technology Division

Group: Detection Physics
*Job Description**
The Detection Physics Group within the National Security Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a research scientist who will focus on studies of radiation detection physics using Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning (AI/ML) techniques. The Detection Physics Group includes research ranging from low background and high energy fundamental particle physics to radiation detection related to non-proliferation and national security applications. This position will focus on the expanding role of AI/ML within the group. It will provide the opportunity to perform analysis of data from existing experimental setups, and to propose, develop, and demonstrate relevant techniques on new data sets for advanced applications.

Major duties and responsibilities: Contribute to the development of the analysis of a variety of types of radiation detectors and experiments. Perform, analyze, and interpret detector characterizations for detectors of interest, including semiconductor detectors, scintillators, proportional counters, silicon photomultipliers, and others. Develop a detector-physics-focused AI/ML strategy with an eye toward fostering new funding streams and research directions. Engage in research activities with the broader AI/ML community at PNNL.
*The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:**
*Level 2:** Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships. Works under general supervision. Follows established procedures. Infrequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts on routine matters.
*Level 3:** A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This job is the fully qualified, careeroriented, journey-level position. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Frequent interorganizational and outside customer contacts.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 2 years of experience, or Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience.

+ Programming capability with languages such as C/C++, Python, MatLab, and R.

+ Experience with ""standard"" and AI/ML data analysis techniques.

+ Experience with particle detection software and hardware.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with at least 5 years of well-aligned prior experience or a masters degree with 3 years of relevant experience or a PhD degree with at least 1 year of experience.

+ PhD in experimental nuclear or high energy particle physics, or related fields.

+ Experience with software tools such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, and Keras.

+ Experience with data analysis and simulation packages such as ROOT, Geant4, and MCNP.

+ Implementation experience with high-performance parallel codes and/or accelerators (FPGAs/GPUs).

+ High level of motivation and ability to work with, form, and lead collaborative research teams.

+ Adaptability to thrive in a rapidly evolving, multitasked, research environment.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Detection Physics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-09_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-12-08_",3.9,"PNNL
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
166,Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist,"$99k-$110k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Acuity is seeking a Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist to use statistical knowledge and research skills to solve business problems. The Research Statistician will develop, implement, and interpret statistical models with a strong emphasis on data mining and statistical/predictive modeling. Provides work direction.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Identifies and acquires additional data sources, both internal and external, that can be used to enhance analyses.
Lead the development of analytical models to drive superior business outcomes.
Develop in-depth understanding of drivers for optimization by utilizing statistics and data mining techniques.
Using latest PC tools, develop, enhance and monitor reports and models for other business areas.
Evaluate and use Data Mining Tools.
Support, train, encourage, consult other areas in the company and provide actionable information to management.
Continually monitor database information and future needs.
Explore and acquire data from outside sources.
Use database tools to support other departments
Regular and predictable attendance.
Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION:
Masters/PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or Computer Science
EXPERIENCE:
5 years P&C insurance, modelling and project leader experience. Programming skills including SAS and R.
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong interpersonal, quantitative, problem-solving, computer and conceptual skills.
Aptitude in predictive modeling, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining techniques and mathematical statistics.
Ability to apply strong programming and data management skills.
Knowledge of and experience with at least one major computer programming language or advanced syntax in a major statistical package.
This job is classified as exempt.",4.9,"Acuity Insurance
4.9","Sheboygan, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
167,Test Engineer,"$41k-$65k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you'll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.

Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Test Engineer to join our team in San Antonio, TX.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Perform duties as both software developer and test engineer for the Test Engineering team and make sure quality objectives are fulfilled on a par with customer requirements
Using Python and other technologies to develop new capabilities for a system-independent desktop application and maintain top-notch automation performance
Develop software resolutions for automation management server, both back and front end, using Microsoft .Net framework and sustain test automation capabilities
Constantly update production automation scripts to expand the competence of the test team’s automation framework
Monitor test automation results and make sure any software defect is documented and addressed prior to product delivery

Basic Qualifications:

This position requires a strong understanding of, and experience with, Linux and Windows operating systems, as well as, Bash, Python and MySQL/PostgreSQL databases
You will need to be methodical in your approach; have solid problem solving and debugging skills to determine the root cause of software defects, and be able to properly convey and report your findings
You will write and review technical documentation, including but not limited to: test reports, installation, and user guides
Ability to handle stress and work well under pressure
Analytical and critical thinking skills
Multi-tasking ability

Preferred Qualifications:

A degree, professional, or personal experience in one of the following disciplines: Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, or Math
Knowledge of and experience with: VMware, proxies, PyTest/NoseTest
Ideal candidates will exhibit our core values: Passion, Capacity, and Humility
Passion for the customers and mission we serve
Capacity to learn and grow into a technical leader
Humility to learn from others and treat others with respect

Security Clearance Requirement:

Must be a US citizen with the ability to obtain/maintain a Secret clearance is required

Active/current Secret clearance is highly preferred

Physical Requirements:

Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine and computer printer.
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations
Working with Data
Move about freely in a laboratory setting
Repetitive Motions

#LI-CD1

ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.",4.3,"ManTech International Corporation
4.3","San Antonio, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1968,Company - Public,Research & Development,Business Services,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
168,Data Scientist- Streetsboro Ohio Office,-1,"The Step2 Company is the largest American manufacturer of preschool and toddler toys and one of the world’s largest rotational molders of plastics. It’s our mission to be the leading innovator of children's products that build imaginations and enrich the family's celebration of childhood.

Step2 proudly employs moms, dads, grandparents, aunts, uncles and everyone in between. We offer an environment of fun and hard work. Our mission of bringing families together isn’t just for our customers. The Step2 family starts with our employees and we’re excited that you’re interested in joining our team!

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Reporting to the IT Director, and in close collaboration FP&A, the Data Scientist will support our product, sales, operations, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

SPECIFIC DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design
Functions as Oracle subject matter expert and ensures end users are properly trained to use system and reports appropriately; troubleshoots issues.
Serves as the System Administrator for the Daily Operating System (D.O.S.) Report and supporting network.
Ensures functionality and accuracy of reports which make up the D.O.S. report (i.e. Mold Placement Master, Mold Placement Report, Attendance Rosters).
Keeps D.O.S. supporting data updated (i.e. labor standards, NSP pricing, tooling information, goals, etc.)
Data mines and analyzes data from Oracle to provide user-friendly ad-hoc reports as request by various departments and upper level management.
Design and create a data repository to achieve the above objectives
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Content Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.


ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Excellent project management skills
Ability to explain complex issues clearly and succinctly
Effectively summarizes and communicates results
Ability to forecast potential problems and pitfalls
What are the perks?
· Parental Leave
· 401k with Employer Match
· Tuition Assistance
· Company Paid Life& Disability Insurance
· Adoption Assistance
· Medical, Dental and Vision
· Premium FREE Medical Plan
· Employee Discount
· 10 Paid Holidays
· Advancement Opportunities
Join our family!

Apply today or text Step2Jobs to 97211 to connect with a recruiter.

Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer



Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"Step2
3.3","Streetsboro, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
169,Software Engineer,"$63k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Every Analyst a Scientist - One of our primary goals is to empower intelligence analysts to be able to study their data like scientists. The tools we develop focus on streamlining intelligence analysis through integrated algorithms and software that provide insight into the geopolitical landscape for use in operational intelligence missions around the world.

The Role:
As a Software Engineer, you will be part of a team that transforms large and complex customer data into real-world, high-impact solutions. You will work with researchers and engineers to design and implement solutions to challenging national security problems. You will be responsible for building the software infrastructure to clean, ingest, and expose datasets and algorithms to both developers and end users. You will deploy algorithms, generate workflows, create engineer-facing tools, and design customer-facing prototype systems. You will occasionally travel to customer sites to engage with end users, demonstrate prototypes, and integrate analytics into customer systems.

If you would like to help intelligence and defense analysts keep pace with technology-driven innovation, then this role is for you!

Who you are:
A U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain a Security Clearance
A degree in a scientific or engineering field, such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or Software Engineering
Proficiency with a scientific programming language such as Python, Java, or C++
Experience with database management and common query syntax
Motivated collaborator and excellent communicator of ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences
Knowledge of AWS, Spark, Dask, and/or similar technologies for working with data at scale
Even better:
Active Security Clearance
Track record of architecting, developing, deploying, or maintaining enterprise software
Experience with software development best practices and tools
Understanding of web development and visualization technologies, such as d3, Leaflet, Bootstrap, or others
Familiarity with machine learning or statistical modeling techniques",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Arlington, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
170,Analytic Software Engineer - TS/SCI w/FSP Required,-1,"Job Description:
Join our team of talented engineers in the Fort Meade area supporting critical national security programs. As an analytic software engineer, youll work closely with mission SMEs to develop niche analytics for the Intelligence Community. These may be batch analytics that operate over large volumes of data at-rest, or they may be streaming analytics that operate over smaller volumes of data in-motion. When operational, your analytics will support Phoenixs core mission of Arming the Analyst.

This position will support multiple programs and is open to both mid-level and senior candidates. A typical day includes engineering activities across a mid-sized team, exploring mission data sets, working with mission SMEs to understand tradecraft, and developing analytics to support that tradecraft. All development will be conducted within an Agile process using standard Scrum practices (daily stands-ups, sprint planning, sprint demos/retrospectives).

*** Top Secret SCI Clearance with Full-Scope Polygraph Required ***

Technical Skills Required
5+ years of experience in Java software development
3+ years of experience with distributed technologies such as Hadoop, Spark and Kafka
3+ years of experience implementing RESTful web services
3+ years of experience processing XML and JSON data formats
3+ years of experience using Git, JUnit, Maven and Jenkins
3+years of experience developing software in a Linux environment
3+ years of experience supporting Defense or Intelligence programs
Technical Skill Preferred
Experience developing analytics with MapReduce, Spark or similar technologies
Experience with distributed databases such as Accumulo or HBase
Experience working in an Agile environment using Jira and Confluence
Basic understanding of Python or Scala
Basic Machine Learning algorithms & techniques
Benefits Offered:
Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance - 100% Company Paid Premiums
STD, LTD, and Life Insurance - 100% Company paid
401K Automatic 10% company contribution; no matching required
PTO - 4 weeks/year
Holidays - 10 paid/year
Birthdays off with pay
Company laptop built to your specification
Referral Bonuses Upfront AND Annually Recurring
Open Source Bonuses Contribute to our GitHub projects
Professional Development Paid training, Certifications and Enrichment
ABOUT PHOENIX OPERATIONS GROUP:
Phoenix Operations Group is an engineering services company that protects US Warfighters and supports US Intelligence efforts. As a small business operating in the Baltimore & DC areas, we rely on innovation to continually advance our employees' skills and provide game-changing solutions to our customers.

Phoenix specializes in inter-agency functionality that connects our federal, military and commercial clients with shared mission solutions. We do this with Big Data technologies, Machine Learning techniques, Cloud-Hosted platforms, and enterprise architectures.

Our team is geographically dispersed across the country. Thus, we rely on innovative techniques to advance our employees' skills and promote company culture:
We incentivize employees to participate in our Open-Source GitHub projects
We incentivize and support employees in writing whitepapers for the community
We invest in research and development (R&D) to expand our mission capabilities
We promote technical discussion across Slack, Google Meet and Social Media platforms
With these innovations, Phoenix provides a dynamic and inclusive environment for our employees. Please visit us at https://www.phoenix-opsgroup.com/ for more information.

Phoenix Operations Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Phoenix Operations Group does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.",5.0,"Phoenix Operations Group
5.0","Annapolis Junction, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
171,DevOps Engineer,"$84k-$138k
(Glassdoor Est.)","nCino offers exciting career opportunities for individuals who want to join the worldwide leader in cloud banking.

As a DevOps Engineer, you will be part of a team that ensures that we have the infrastructure in place to efficiently and confidently take the nCino product from design through the development process and into production. You will be responsible for using industry-standard tools and technologies to craft automated, efficient, and scalable processes that enable us to rapidly produce and release software. You will also investigate cutting-edge technologies and techniques in order to find better ways to meet the needs of our teams, other nCino departments, and our customers.

Responsibilities
Learn the nCino Bank Operating System Application
Demonstrate the ability to independently problem solve and research solutions
Ensure a scalable process and infrastructure for developing and releasing software, with a focus on high availability
Implement configuration and automation tools to simplify and automate the process of deploying, testing, packaging, and upgrading software across our infrastructure
Assist in the creation of dashboards and monitoring tools to provide insight into the performance of the product, the efficiency of our workflow, and areas for improvement
Provide support to our Scrum teams through the maintenance and enhancement of our continuous-integration and continuous-delivery process
Continually deep your understanding of the technologies and tools used in our development and release cycles
Help ensure the quality of the nCino product by integrating code quality measures, continuous integration, automated testing, etc.
Be a great teammate – help out, be flexible and adapt easily to changing product needs based on customers and the market
Qualifications

Required:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field and 2+ years’ experience or combination experience, education, & extraordinary performance
Familiarity with least one of the following languages, formats: Python, Typescript, Bash, C#, Java, Ruby
Familiarity with distributed version control (git/github), continuous integration (e.g. Jenkins, TravisCI), and build tools (e.g. npm, pip, maven)
Familiarity with AWS or a comparable cloud infrastructure
Basic knowledge of IT concepts, strategies, and methodologies
Dedication to quality and continuous improvement
Ability to motivate yourself and others, prioritize your own work, and adapt and thrive in a dynamic team environment
Excellent problem solving, decision-making, and interpersonal skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills for technical and non-technical audiences
Desired:
Experience with a cloud hosting platform (AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform) and distributed source control management system such as Git
Amazon Web Services (AWS) associate-level certification
Experience with system administration and scripting
Experience scripting the deployment and testing of cloud resources on AWS (virtual machines, containers, etc.)
Proficiency in scripting/programming languages such as: Python, Typescript, Bash, C#, Java, Ruby
Experience with containerization using Docker
Experience with relational/non-relational databases
If you thrive in a high-energy, entrepreneurial environment, we invite you to share your passion, ideas and excitement at nCino.

nCino provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability, genetics or other protected groups. In addition to federal law requirements, nCino complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

nCino is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, nCino will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact us at recruiting@ncino.com.

Our commitment to inclusion and equality includes a strong belief that the diversity of our team is instrumental to our success. We strive to create workplaces where employees are empowered to bring their authentic selves to work.",4.6,"nCino
4.6","Wilmington, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
172,LEAD ENGINEER - SR. RESEARCH ENGINEER - INSTRUMENT SYSTEMS,"$76k-$109k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join our Space Science and Engineering Division; collaborate with your team of scientists, engineers, and technicians to develop mechanical designs for space programs, including structural components and assemblies of space sensors, mechanisms, and spacecraft. Perform structural and thermal analyses of flight hardware. Specify, design, and coordinate fabrication of spacecraft and instrument thermal control systems (MLI and thermal control surface finishes). Design mass efficient structures and electronic packaging for extreme environment situations. Supervise and coordinate fabrication of hardware. Develop and supervise environmental screening tests, development tests, and experiments. Produce high quality engineering documentation including drawings, specifications, test plans, procedures, and reports. Oversee and assist with assembly, integration, and testing efforts. Support various design reviews throughout product life cycle, including defending design and analytical work to customer, third party, and non-advocate reviewers. Mentor and participate in the development of junior technical staff. Propose and perform independent research activities in line with personal strengths to improve related technology, and to establish and maintain competitive advantage. Support promotional and proposal activities as part of a team effort to develop new business opportunities. Field support may require travel to customer's facilities, NASA field centers, military bases, and overseas.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Aerospace Engineering or Mechanical Engineering with 7 years of experience, those with an MS degree require 6 years experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Experience using structural analysis software (e.g., ANSYS, NASTRAN), thermal analysis software (e.g., Thermal Desktop, Sinda), computer aided design (CAD) software (e.g., CREO or PRO/Engineer, SolidWorks), and standard office productivity software is required. The ability to productively interface with team members, suppliers and clients is a must. Working knowledge of GD&T, environmental testing methodology, mechanism design, material selection and characterization, composite structural design and analysis, electromechanical design, and/or space mission concept design a plus. Previous experience presenting designs and analysis to review panels also a plus. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Must be a U.S. citizen or Permanent Resident due to ITAR work in section.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
173,Perception Engineer,"$109k-$144k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Kodiak Robotics is not just a software company, we are developing autonomous technology for long-haul trucking. Our team is highly experienced and comes from the leading technology companies in the space.

We are looking for a highly skilled perception engineer to join us and solve real-world robotics problems.
In this role, you will:
Be responsible for designing perception algorithms and implementing them in robust, efficient, and well-tested C++ code.
Solve real-world perception challenges such as lane detection, object detection and classification, tracking, sensor fusion, localization, mapping, or sensor calibration.
Integrate both novel and well-established techniques such as deep neural networks, decision trees, Kalman and particle filters, or point cloud processing on camera, laser, radar, and ultrasound data.
Collaborate closely with other experts on the team, including the planning and systems engineering team.
Qualifications:
Strong technical background. BS, MS or PhD with 2+ years of academic or industry experience in designing and implementing perception algorithms. You are a skilled software engineer with experience in C++ and strong problem-solving skills. You are passionate about solving real-world robotics problems, and you have ideally worked on autonomous robots before. Prior knowledge of working with deep neural networks is a strong plus.
A team player. You take ownership and work with the team to deliver exceptional results. You are interested in the performance of the entire system across engineering disciplines.
Ability to build and iterate quickly. You enjoy working fast and smart, and you are comfortable in the earlier stages of developing an algorithm from scratch.
Hands on. You dig deep into important details such as the sensor driver if it improves the overall system. You like working with production machine learning pipelines, from dataset collection and labeling to training and validation.
Great communicator. You have experience writing clear, concise, and detailed documentation.
Benefits:
A place with big goals that we trust we can achieve.
A fast paced environment where we work with talented, committed and supportive teammates.
Equity and competitive pay. Every employee is a stakeholder in Kodiak’s success.
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits.
Flexible PTO and generous parental leave policies.
A beautiful facility in Mountain View.
We love our dogs, so we are a dog friendly office!
At Kodiak, we strive to build a diverse community working towards our common company goals in a safe and collaborative environment where harassment of any kind is strictly prohibited. Kodiak is committed to equal opportunity employment regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law.",4.5,"Kodiak Robotics
4.5","Mountain View, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
174,Senior Research Engineer,"$64k-$105k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Advanced R&D group at Desktop Metal seeks a Senior Research Engineer to contribute to the development of next-generation metal 3D printers.

Desktop Metal is reinventing the way metal and composite parts are produced - from prototyping through mass production. Founded with the mission to make additive manufacturing accessible to engineers and designers, Desktop Metal offers multiple revolutionary 3D printing systems, addressing the need for easy-to-use, cost-effective, and scalable 3D printing. In addition to this, our software solutions elevate the additive manufacturing industry at every step in the fabrication process.

The Advanced R&D group is a small (<10>

Primary Responsibilities:
Contribute to the development of printer hardware and systems for next-generation 3D printers, through the design, fabrication, and testing of test fixtures, custom instrumentation, and printer subsystems.
Contribute to the development of printing processes to produce accurate, functional metal parts with next-generation 3D printing technology, through process design and testing.
Basic Qualifications:
Excellent grasp of mechanical engineering fundamentals, and ability to use this knowledge to inform designs and experiments
Excellent design sense and engineering intuition, coupled with the ability to evaluate ideas via basic hand-calculations and order-of-magnitude estimation based on the relevant physics
Ability to design and run efficient experiments at the correct level of fidelity
Ability to troubleshoot issues, determine root causes, and propose and implement solutions
Ability to find, understand and apply unfamiliar technologies to technical problems
Proficiency with SolidWorks CAD software, including part design and large-assembly management
Proficiency with machine tools (manual and preferably CNC mill, lathe, drill press, band saw, etc.) as needed to make modifications to existing parts and create parts from stock.
Ability to complete projects independently but ask for help/guidance when needed
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with frequent changes in task priority and scope.
Ability to work in a small team as well as independently to achieve project goals.
Preferred Background/Experience Areas:
Comfort with and interest in materials science
3D printing -- code-level familiarity with slicing software a plus
High-temperature, vacuum and/or inert atmospheres
Line- and low-voltage electrical systems, industrial electronics (sensors, switches, etc.), and basic logic circuits
HSMWorks CAM
Motion control
Design of Experiments
Hot work including soldering/brazing and light welding (TIG)
FEA (static, thermal, flow)",4.4,"Desktop Metal
4.4","Burlington, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
175,Data Scientist,"$111k-$175k
(Glassdoor Est.)","C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The comprehensive and proven C3 AI Suite uses a model-driven abstraction layer to enable organizations to develop, deploy, and operate enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. www.c3.ai

As a Data Scientist, you will participate in the definition of new analytics capabilities able to provide our customers with the information they need to make proper decisions to support our customers in operating the internet of things (IoT). In addition, you will help find the appropriate machine learning / data mining algorithms to answer these questions. Finally, you will be responsible for implementing this into the product and making it available to our customers.

Qualified candidates will have an in-depth knowledge of most common machine learning techniques and their application. You will also understand the limitations of these algorithms and how to tweak them or derive from them to achieve similar results at large-scale.

Your Responsibilities:
Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.
Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.
Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.
Requirements:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.
Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).
Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).
Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).
Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.
Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Preferred
Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.
Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.
A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.
C3.ai provides a competitive compensation package and excellent benefits including:
Competitive salary, generous stock options, 401K, medical, dental, and vision benefits. At the office, we offer a fully stocked kitchen with catered breakfast and lunch, table tennis and pool table, free membership at our on-site gym, Friday evening social hours with food, drink and music and a fun team of great people.
C3.ai is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of any legally protected characteristics, including disabled and veteran status.",4.5,"C3.ai
4.5","Redwood City, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
176,Machine Learning Apps Engineer,"$113k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","· Strong software development skills
· Good web platform/Cloud development skills
· Good knowledge of frameworks like MxNet or Tensorflow

This position is for a Senior Software Engineer in the AWS Inferentia cloud-scale accelerator team. This engineer will help to define, identify and create key solutions. This engineer will ensure that AWS Inferentia will meet our customer needs and satisfy the evolving directions of solutions and will be deeply involved in Tensorflow, MXNet and other frameworks and layers.
This role requires good knowledge of and the methods by which it is used, knowledge of application development and a strong software development background. The ideal candidate will have the academic depth sufficient to understand the implications of new solutions and directions.

· Strong mathematical/analytical background
· Strong C or coding
· Good web platform/Cloud development skills
· Application development from web service API through backend
· hardware/software development in driver and kernel
· Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
· Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age

Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age",3.9,"Annapurna Labs (U.S.) Inc.
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,10000+ Employees,1994,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
177,Machine Tool Sales Engineer,-1,"Job Description: Machine Tool Sales Engineer *
Reports to: VP Sales – Machine Tools
Job Summary *
Concept Machine, a leading industrial equipment supplier in the Midwest, provides quality metal working machine tools including CNC Vertical and Horizontal Machining Centers, Wire EDM, Sinkers, Grinders, Swiss

Lathes, machines for turning, grinding, boring, milling, drilling and tapping. In addition to the machine tool solutions, Concept also has a complete metrology solutions portfolio, making us a full partner to our manufacturing partners.

We are seeking a *Machine Tool Sales Engineer* to promote and sell machine tools in the MN market. This individual must be highly motivated and a self‐starter. Responsibilities include professionally promoting
Concept Machine and our products to new and existing customers to maximize our market share and the employee’s earning potential through capital equipment sales.

This individual must possess the desire to learn and react to a fast-moving pace. They must be skilled at strengthening existing customer relationships as the customer advocate in their territory, along with building the customer base. They must enjoy working on a team and collaborating with cross-functional departments to best serve our customers and drive an exceptional customer experience.

Manufacturing industry and machine tool sales experience is helpful, however, it is not required. Training is provided to ensure sales staff is informed on our products and given the tools to be successful.
Key Responsibilities*
• Represent Concept as the main relationship point of contact and interface

• Manage their own territory and performance of Concept Machine in that territory

• Report, log and manage CRM data related to the owned market area

• Expand Concept’s market via new account relationships and business development efforts
Qualifications and Skills *
• Understanding of sales process in a technical and capital equipment market

• Exposure and understanding of CNC machine tools and related equipment

• Reliable vehicle and valid driver’s license

• Detail Orientated

• Self-motivated and independently driven

• Meets deadlines with minimal supervision

• Expected routine travel to customers within territory, including potential for occasional overnight projects

Concept provides excellent benefits including medical and dental coverage, paid holidays and sick time, and
401(k) with a company match.

Job Types: Full-time, Commission

Pay: $100,000.00 - $300,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Industrial sales: 2 years (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Commission Only:
Yes
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.conceptmachine.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Concept Machine Tool Sales,"Plymouth, MN",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
178,Associate Machine Learning Engineer,"$78k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is seeking recent college graduates and M.S. recipients in technical disciplines who are strongly motivated to contribute directly to solving real defense and intelligence challenges by providing ""game-changing"" operational solutions for our government sponsors. These individuals will join a team that is developing state-of-the-art algorithms to automatically analyze and identify key attributes from a wide variety of data sources. As part of the Advanced ISR Solutions team, you will work closely with domain experts and have access to cutting edge hardware to analyze large datasets, create new analytical tools, and address problems of critical national importance. This is an excellent opportunity to be part of an ambitious team committed to strong collaboration and intellectual rigor.

Responsibilities include:
Keep current with computer vision and machine learning research to replicate and baseline new techniques published in academia
Run experiments comparing state-of-the-art methods with a strong focus on performance when these methods are applied to sponsor driven data and real-world conditions
Adapt research done in academia and industry to our sponsors’ uniquely challenging data sources and problems sets
Develop prototype software to demonstrate feasibility of the algorithm/approach to our sponsors
Code in MATLAB, Python, or other scripting languages for prototyping/testing algorithms and software tools in a team environment
Analyzing data from cutting-edge sensor systems including video, infrared, hyperspectral, and others
Brainstorming/problem solving with experienced technical staff to develop solutions for challenging problems and working with small teams to implement those solutions
Developing front-end interface software for web applications or mobile devices
Possess demonstrated ability to provide deliverables or parts of deliverables to customer
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical, Computer or Systems Engineering or related field
1+ years of relevant experience
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with the ability to possess/maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Strong problem-solving skills and capable of working with scientists, analysts, and technical software developers
Strong software development skills, preferably with knowledge of machine learning and/or deep learning frameworks
Domain knowledge of machine learning and computer vision techniques for classification, detection, and key attribute extraction
Practical experience in statistics and knowledge of big data biases
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in technical field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active DoD clearance are preferred
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
179,AWS Data Engineer,-1,"AWS Data Engineer Northern, VA

AWS Data Engineer


Minimum Requirements
Active SECRET clearance preferred; Clearable US Citizen with NAIC (National background check) may also apply
5 years Data Engineering experience AND a BA Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Sciences, or equivalent; 4 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education.
Working knowledge of agile software development, DevSecOps, and AWS native solutions including API Gateway, S3, and Lambda is required.
Preferred Experience
Knowledge of several of the following areas is desirable: DevSecOps, Active Server Pages, JavaScript, Python, HTML, and AWS native applications including S3, WAF, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFront, DynamoDB, Transcribe, Athena, Simple Queue Service, QuikSight, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, KMS, and Cognito.
Job Duties
Provide development support to the Scrum Master in an agile software development environment in AWS.
Works as a key member of an AWS native solution software development team and works to identify risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments.
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details
Location – Arlington, Virginia
Travel Required – N/A
If travel is required, how much? 0%
Work Schedule (Shift etc.): Day Shift
Authorization to work in US required
8570 Requirements: N/A
NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Tagged as: AWS Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
180,DevOps Engineer - TS or TS/SCI Required,-1,"General Duties:
Support the analysis, design, development, integration, verification and validation of a large complex scientific mission system. The primary responsibility will be requirements analysis with mission subject matter experts (SMEs), engineers, and other program stakeholders. Secondary responsibilities include the evaluation of hardware and software components for integration into the system. Both responsibilities (requirements analysis and component evaluations) will require familiarity with the current on-premise solution (physical hardware) and the planned cloud-hosted platform (Amazon Web Services).

Required Experience:
5+ years using Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) in an Agile Model
5+ years eliciting, refining, explaining and vetting system requirements
5+ years conducting hardware and software component evaluations
5+ years working with Linux-based systems
2+ years supporting programs that leverage Amazon Web Services
2+ years scripting or coding in BASH, Python, Ruby, Perl, or Java
1+ years working with Puppet or Ansible
Must work well in teams
Desired Skills:
Familiarity with Tomcat Web Application deployment
Familiarity with stateless RESTful Architecture
Familiarity with basic AWS Services such as EC2, S3, IAM, RDS and CloudWatch
Familiarity with industry standard commodity hardware for information systems (servers, storage, network devices)
Familiarity with industry standard software products for information systems (e.g. operating systems and databases)
Experience with Terraform
Experience with GIT, Bitbucket and Jenkins
Experience with Agile (Scrum) development processes and tools including Confluence and Jira.
Education/Experience Level:
Bachelors Degree
Certifications Required: None, but AWS certifications are highly desirable
Clearance:
US Citizenship Required - TS or TS/SCI required

BENEFITS OFFERED:


Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance - 100% Company-Paid Premiums
STD, LTD, and Life Insurance - 100% company paid
401K Additional 10% salary contribution immediately vested
Bonus Plan
PTO - 4 weeks/year
Holidays - 10 paid/year
Birthdays off with pay
Upfront and Recurring Referral Bonuses
Education Reimbursement
Paid Parental Leave
ABOUT PHOENIX OPERATIONS GROUP:
Phoenix Operations Group is a high-end engineering services company dedicated to protecting and advancing our national intelligence, defense and scientific interests. As a small start-up operating out of the Baltimore/Washington DC area, we rely on innovation to continually advance our employees' skills and provide game-changing solutions to our customers.

Our technical competencies include Big Data analytics, Cloud Computing infrastructure, Machine Learning, Multi-INT visualization, and enterprise architectures. We believe in open-source initiatives, agile development processes, and arming analysts with amazing capabilities. For more information, visit us at: https://phoenix-opsgroup.com

Phoenix Operations Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Phoenix Operations Group does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.",5.0,"Phoenix Operations Group
5.0","Charleston, SC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
181,OPERATIONS RESEARCH ENGINEER 3,"$64k-$104k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Location:

Newport News, Virginia, United States

Date: Sep 13, 2020
Job Description
Analyzes actual and predictable interacting operational activities of business to obtain a quantitative, rational basis for decision making through the application of logic and scientific or economic disciplines and techniques. Devises modeling and measuring techniques; utilizes mathematics, statistical methods, engineering methods, operational mathematics techniques (linear programming, game theory, probability theory, symbolic language, etc.), and other principles and laws of scientific and economic disciplines.
Basic Qualifications
5 Years with Bachelor's Degree in related field; 3 years of relevant professional experience with a Master's Degree

Req ID: 2155

Department: X57 PROC STD&INTEGR

Entity: NN SHIPBUILDING (0265)

Travel Required: No

Shift: 1st

Relocation: Relocation assistance will be available

Education: Bachelor's Degree

Virtual/Telework Opportunity: Yes-May Consider Occasional/Part-time Teleworking for this position

US Citizenship Required for this Position: Yes

Clearance Type: No - Clearance Not Required to Start

Company Statement:

Huntington Ingalls Industries is America’s largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII’s Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII’s Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Mission Driven Innovative Solutions, Nuclear & Environmental, and Oil & Gas groups. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 40,000 people operating both domestically and internationally.

EEO Statement:

Huntington Ingalls Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Vets and Disabled Employer. U.S. Citizenship may be required for certain positions.",3.7,"Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc.
3.7","Newport News, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,2011,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
182,Data Scientist,"$65k-$108k
(Glassdoor Est.)","HPOne, named CT Magazine's 2018 Great Places to Work, is looking for a Data Scientist to join our team.

The Data Scientist is responsible for collecting, cleaning, translating data to meet the company's needs. Every business collects data, whether it's sales figures, market research, logistics, or transportation costs. The Data Scientist will use that data and machine learning to help drive HPOne's business plans.

What you'll do:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Develop insights and deliver recommendations based on data analyses
Work with business leaders to articulate business requirements for data analyses
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies for specific models or analyses
Optimize joint development efforts through database use and project design
Create automated reports and dashboard products, in order to display results to internal teams
Develop end-customer segmentation schemes by analyzing customer behavior
Perform ad hoc analyses and deliver recommendations
Develop and implement predictive models like decision tree, regression using R or similar
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Required Skills/Abilities:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field
Five years' experience with SAS (or similar), ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics
Experience in data mining and statistical analysis
Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
Experience with programming languages such as Java / Python (or ""R"")
Experience conducting regression analyses
Understanding of relational databases and data management as well as experience with data aggregation and normalization
Advanced excel expertise (pivot tables, VLOOKUP, report filters, etc.)
Ability to approach tasks strategically, while owning and mastering the details
Exceptional problem solving, as well as analytical and strategic thinking skills
Initiative to own projects from start to finish
Strong oral and written communication skills, with ability to work well with people across the company at all levels


Preferred Skills/Abilities:
Coursework in at least one of the following: mathematics, business, analytical marketing, information systems, programming/databases, statistics/statistical modeling, finance, economics, or physics
Experience conducting analyses and building predictive models using SAS (or similar)
Experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools preferred (like Domo or Tableau)
Physical Requirements:
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer, typically in an office or cubicle environment (constant noise, fluorescent overhead lighting)
HPOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer:

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) is a fundamental principle at HPOne, where employment is based upon personal capabilities and qualifications. HPOne does not discriminate because of actual or perceived sex, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, gender, transgender, race, color, religion, national origin, creed, citizenship status, ancestry, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, medical conditions including genetic characteristics, mental or physical disability, military and veteran status, or any other protected characteristic as established by law. HPOne requires the necessary drug testing and background checks as part of our pre-employment practices.",3.6,"HPOne
3.6","Trumbull, CT",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
183,RD Software Engineer Java/C++ (Experienced),"$56k-$120k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What Your Job Will Be Like

Ready to join a dynamic team that solves significant issues for our nation's security? Passionate about the protection of critical assets and other high value targets? Join our dynamic team and make a difference!

We are seeking R&D Computer Science professionals and the Systems Mission Engineering Center (Org. 6300) is looking for YOU! The selected applicant will bring strong software design/development skills to join highly productive teams that research and develop innovative solutions to a broad spectrum of problems of national importance. The successful candidate will enjoy collaborating in an innovating environment to architect, design, develop, test, and deploy advanced data processing software for complex, real-time decision support systems.

On any given day, the selected candidate may be called on to:

Work on an Agile team to develop software systems which solve the most challenging remote sensing problems, including the capture, processing, exploitation, visualization and distribution of real-time satellite sensor data
Work collaboratively with architects, developers, technical leads, customers, and end users to collect requirements, design solutions, and deliver extensible software applications
Contribute to deeply rewarding missions through engagement with diverse computer science specialties and specialists in areas such as data fusion, signal and image processing, analytics, cloud computing, machine learning, modeling and simulation, service oriented architectures, data management and visualization, and pattern recognition

You may be interviewed and hired into one of several departments within our center.

Qualifications We Require

Undergraduate and advanced degree (Masters or PhD) in related STEM field; a bachelor's degree in relevant STEM field plus four years' experience may be considered in lieu of an advanced degree
Two or more years related experience, in addition to the education requirement above (or PhD in related field)
Experience in software design, engineering and development skills, including familiarity with modern software development practices and tools
Experience with object-oriented software development (e.g., C++, Java and Python)
Can obtain DOE Q clearance
Qualifications We Desire

Knowledge and experience with implementation of the full software development process using Agile or Iterative methodologies
Experience using a subset of the following: system engineering, hardware and software architecture, distributed system design, data exploitation/mining/fusion algorithms, digital signal processing, image processing, optical systems, command and control systems, numerical analysis, modeling and simulation, relational/object/geographic database technologies, user interfaces, scientific data visualization, web services technologies, and multi-core/GPU/parallel computing
Proficiency in a subset of the following: requirements capture, software modeling using UML, systems-level software testing, high consequence anomaly resolution, documentation and training, information assurance, and deployment of delivered systems
Experience with Docker containers, Jenkins continuous integration, and continuous delivery approaches to software development and deployment in cloud-based environments
Proven ability to develop and present ideas and results in oral and written form
Critical thinking, synthesis and problem-solving; ability to deal with ambiguity and adapt to a fast-paced, customer-focused operation; teaming; self-starting
Can obtain a SCI clearance, which may require polygraph testing
About Our Team

Our team is responsible for the design and development of advanced mission data processing systems and analytical applications that enable some of our nation's most compelling nonproliferation and national security missions. Our mission is to design, engineer, build, deploy and enhance essential systems that transform data into decisions. Our systems are targeted for a range of applications and complexity including: remote and in-situ sensing systems; satellite communications and control; distributed computing and analysis; real-time data collection, processing, exploitation and dissemination; and mission engineering and analysis.

About Sandia

Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:

Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
Extraordinary co-workers
Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
Flexible schedules, generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*

World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov
These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance

Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance and SCI access, both of which require US citizenship. SCI access may also require a polygraph examination. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain these levels of access may be impacted.

Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by the DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.

EEO

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.",3.9,"Sandia National Laboratories
3.9","Albuquerque, NM",-1,10000+ Employees,1949,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
184,Senior Data Scientist,"$136k-$225k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

Imagine if we could match patients with the treatments that prove the most effective for them . . .
GNS Healthcare applies a powerful form of AI called causal machine learning to predict which treatments and care management programs will work for which patients, improving individual patient outcomes and the health of populations while reducing the total cost of care.

Headquartered in the biotechnology and health IT center of Cambridge, MA, our patented REFS technology is based on recent breakthroughs in causal machine learning and AI that transforms massive quantities of patient data into computer models of disease at molecular, patient, and health system levels. These computer models power up solutions, products, and services that health plans, biopharmaceutical companies, health systems, and patient foundations utilize to slow disease progression, reduce adverse events and hospitalization, and improve therapeutic effectiveness. Our platforms and solutions have been validated across more than 45 diseases including oncology, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, neurology, etc. and have appeared in over 50 peer-reviewed publications.

Position Summary

The Senior Data Scientist will join a dynamic team responsible for start-to-finish work on the analysis and interpretation of real-world datasets using GNSs powerful cloud-based analytics platform. We are looking for someone who thrives working in a fast-paced, exciting, and collaborative environment in one of the most cutting-edge industries where big data analytics meets healthcare. You will help manage real world data, as well as create and interpret data-frames for modeling and analysis. You will collaborate with our research scientists to carry out analysis projects using our proprietary, supercomputer-powered Bayesian network modeling and simulation platform, and will synthesize these results into meaningful reports for clients and product development.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with internal research teams and clients to evaluate study design, define research questions, design data frames, write statistical analysis plans/study protocols, conduct analyses, and participate in the full research process, including client presentation and publication
Communicate highly technical results and methods clearly to clients, discuss how to incorporate information into their processes, and achieve high client satisfaction
Troubleshoot with clients and internal stakeholders to refine and optimize models
Provide scientific communications to peer-reviewed journals and publications
Develop data frames of high complexity while adhering to a project-based timeline
Perform data manipulations and develop algorithms on multi-data sets that create the analytic files necessary to support analyses.
Consult on how to use data to perform predictive and causal modeling using both proprietary and off-the-shelf tools.
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:
Masters Degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent practical experience
3-5 years of experience working with advanced ML techniques, probability theory, Bayesian analysis, or causal inference methods
Experience working with biomedical data/ population health data, EHR or claims data
Demonstrated experience working with programming languages R and SQL
Strong written and verbal communication; an ability to communicate technical material to non-technical audiences simply and clearly and collaborate well on a team
Strong drive for problem solving, especially around data frame construction and interpretation
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with large, complex, or unstructured data requiring post-processing to use effectively
Familiarity with the UNIX and cluster computing environment
Company Culture

Our philosophy at GNS is simple: we cannot transform healthcare with anything less than an all-star team. We are seeking smart, driven people who are experts in their field, have a track record of success and a passion for creating change. We believe that strong teams supercharge the performance of individuals, create a fun and dynamic workplace and great results for our clients and the people they serve.

We are passionate about our work and believe in the ability of our technology to change the world. Our core values of integrity, collaboration, value, diversity, and game-changing guide our behaviors with each other and our clients.

GNS offers competitive salaries, stock options, unlimited vacation, health, dental and vision insurance, life insurance, long-term disability, 401(k), generous parental leave, tuition reimbursement, professional development, subsidized parking and gym membership, tasty food, volunteering opportunities, social gatherings, and more.

Equal Employment Opportunity

GNS Healthcare provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or conditions related to pregnancy, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, GNS Healthcare complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

Powered by JazzHR",3.0,"GNS Healthcare
3.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
185,RD Software Engineer Java/C++ (Early/Mid-Career),"$56k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","What Your Job Will Be Like

Ready to join a dynamic team that solves significant issues for our nation's security? Passionate about the protection of critical assets and other high value targets? Join our dynamic team and make a difference!

We are seeking R&D Computer Science professionals and the Systems Mission Engineering Center (Org. 6300) is looking for YOU! The selected applicant will bring strong software design/development skills to join highly productive teams that research and develop innovative solutions to a broad spectrum of problems of national importance. The successful candidate will enjoy collaborating in an innovating environment to architect, design, develop, test, and deploy advanced data processing software for complex, real-time decision support systems.

On any given day, the selected candidate may be called on to:

Work on an Agile team to develop software systems which solve the most challenging remote sensing problems, including the capture, processing, exploitation, visualization and distribution of real-time satellite sensor data
Work collaboratively with architects, developers, technical leads, customers, and end users to collect requirements, design solutions, and deliver extensible software applications
Contribute to deeply rewarding missions through engagement with diverse computer science specialties and specialists in areas such as data fusion, signal and image processing, analytics, cloud computing, machine learning, modeling and simulation, service oriented architectures, data management and visualization, and pattern recognition

You may be interviewed and hired into one of several departments within our center.

Qualifications We Require

Undergraduate and advanced degree (Masters or PhD) in related STEM field; a bachelor's degree in relevant STEM field plus four years' experience may be considered in lieu of an advanced degree
Experience in software design, engineering and development skills, including familiarity with modern software development practices and tools
Experience with object-oriented software development (e.g., C++, Java and Python)
Can obtain DOE Q clearance
Qualifications We Desire

Knowledge and experience with implementation of the full software development process using Agile or Iterative methodologies
Experience using a subset of the following: system engineering, hardware and software architecture, distributed system design, data exploitation/mining/fusion algorithms, digital signal processing, image processing, optical systems, command and control systems, numerical analysis, modeling and simulation, relational/object/geographic database technologies, user interfaces, scientific data visualization, web services technologies, and multi-core/GPU/parallel computing
Proficiency in a subset of the following: requirements capture, software modeling using UML, systems-level software testing, high consequence anomaly resolution, documentation and training, information assurance, and deployment of delivered systems
Experience with Docker containers, Jenkins continuous integration, and continuous delivery approaches to software development and deployment in cloud-based environments
Proven ability to develop and present ideas and results in oral and written form
Critical thinking, synthesis and problem-solving; ability to deal with ambiguity and adapt to a fast-paced, customer-focused operation; teaming; self-starting
Can obtain a SCI clearance, which may require polygraph testing
About Our Team

Our team is responsible for the design and development of advanced mission data processing systems and analytical applications that enable some of our nation's most compelling nonproliferation and national security missions. Our mission is to design, engineer, build, deploy and enhance essential systems that transform data into decisions. Our systems are targeted for a range of applications and complexity including: remote and in-situ sensing systems; satellite communications and control; distributed computing and analysis; real-time data collection, processing, exploitation and dissemination; and mission engineering and analysis.

About Sandia

Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:

Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
Extraordinary co-workers
Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
Flexible schedules, generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*

World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov
These benefits vary by job classification.
Security Clearance

Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.

Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.

EEO

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.",3.9,"Sandia National Laboratories
3.9","Albuquerque, NM",-1,10000+ Employees,1949,Government,Federal Agencies,Government,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
186,Senior Software Engineer (Java),-1,"Are you a dynamic and experienced Software Engineer interested in an opportunity to work in the Marlborough, MA area? Then join our team and contribute to programs that save lives and enable the freedoms we enjoy.

We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer (Java) to help with the continued success of our products, by leading and directing engineers who are developing the next generation systems. We are looking for a motivated Software Engineer to specialize in Software security and cryptography. This role provides the opportunity to interface with external customers and Government Agencies. Every day at Raytheon Intelligence & Space, our extraordinary engineers are empowered for excellence and inspired to invent in an inclusive environment where work-life balance is an elegant solution, not a slogan.
Typical job functions for the Senior Software Engineer (Java) include:
Participation on collaborative, cross-disciplined integrated product teams, often employing agile software development techniques and tools to plan, design, develop, test, and integrate complex software and systems solutions.
Responsibilities span the full lifecycle of product development, from architecture and design, through integration, test, and field support. You will work and learn in an engineering organization with the highest software engineering process maturity level as recognized by the Software Engineering Institute.
Required Skills:

Minimum 4 years of relevant professional Software development experience including design
Experience with Linux and Windows
Experience with JAVA or OpenJDK
Experience with Agile lifecycle process including Scrum and Continuous Integration and Test
U.S. Citizenship is required
Ability to acquire SECRET Security Clearance in first year of employment
Must have a BS / BA with a major in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or other related field.
Desired Skills:

Working knowledge of Virtual Machines, Docker containers and OpenShift
Working knowledge of Cybersecurity principles and microservice architectures
Understanding of standard system engineering design artifacts such as Use Cases and SysML diagrams
MS / MA with a major in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or other related field.
Raytheon Intelligence & Space is a leading provider of integrated sensor, communication and electronic warfare systems giving military forces accurate and timely actionable information for the network-centric battlefield. You will continue your career working on cutting-edge technology by day, while in your free time you can explore the many cultural, entertainment and outdoor wonders that make Marlborough, MA area so unique.

We offer robust reward and recognition programs in compensation, career development, health care, educational assistance, maternal and paternal leave, flexible work schedules, child/adult backup care, 401(k), paid holidays and paid time off. In addition, this position is eligible for relocation assistance.

#softwareengineer
#embeddedsystems
#space
#java
167366

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Marlborough, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
187,"Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA","$75k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Data Scientist, Junior/Mid-level - FAA

Job Summary

This position will apply advanced analytical and mathematical techniques to solve complex decision problems. Candidate will use ESRI/ArcGIS products in conjunction with high performance computing, big data analytics and data visualization techniques to assist the development of a data collection and analysis system.

Years of Relevant Experience

The position requires 2 - 7 equivalent years of experience in Geographical Information Systems, operations research, modeling and simulation, or technical analysis. Specific experience with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) or the Aviation Industry is desired.

Essential Job Functions
Individual will support model and simulation development to provide quantitative analyses, cost-benefit and economic analyses to support the Federal Aviation Administration Program Acquisition and Operational Systems Evaluation.
Individual will have experience in developing ESRI Survey123 data collection forms
Individual will have experience in data collection, data normalization techniques, statistical analysis and performance metrics development
Individuals will have experience with compiling and integration map data for automation
Individuals will be required to contribute effectively to working groups through oral and written communication and cooperative working relationships
Individuals will support the develop of custom visualizations
Education Requirements

Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in Engineering, Mathematics, Operations Research, Physics, Economics, or similar.

Master’s degree is a plus

Skills Requirements
Experience with ESRI Tool set – ArcGIS, Survey123
Experience with pSQL/ relation databases is desired
Experience with MATLAB, SAS, Python, Java/C++/VBA and MS Office Products is desired
Experience with and data visualization tools such Shiny, Tableau, Cold Fusion is desired
Security Requirements

Must be a US citizen or a legal resident for three of the past five years

Must meet eligibility requirements for a US Public Trust security clearance",4.8,"Cobec Consulting
4.8","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
188,Senior Data Scientist 4 Artificial Intelligence,"$74k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311095

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.9,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.9","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
189,Senior Software Engineer,"$79k-$159k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job ID : 99699

The Leonardo DRS Land Electronics business provides C4I Network computing and integrated situational awareness, as well as state-of-the-art embedded diagnostics, vehicle power management and combat vehicle integration products and services.

Job Summary

The Senior Software Engineer position will be responsible for analyzing requirements, evaluating solutions and developing software products in support of DRS’s trusted computing platform. This engineer will work with a development team that uses agile methodologies combined with mature software practices. The Senior Software Engineer will work in a fast-paced environment and will lead a technical project ensure delivery of a quality product on time and within budget. The ideal candidate will be a highly motivated individual with strong analytic capability and a passion for technology .

Job Responsibilities

Research new technologies and develop prototypes to validate innovative solutions that meet customer specifications and requirements.

Design, develop, analyze, document and support testing of products, systems or subsystems

Provide budget, cost and schedule input for design assignments

Specify and evaluate supplier components, subsystems and services

Support and develop software engineers by assisting, advising and coaching

Support, communicate, reinforce and defend the mission, values and culture of the organization

Qualifications

• Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering degree with 10 years industry experience
• Solid programming experience in Python, C, C++, C#
• Experience integrating custom and COTS electronics
• Software development experience in both a Linux and Windows environment
• Familiarity with video capture and routing
• Familiarity with OpenCV, OpenCL, CUDA and OpenGL/DirectX
• Familiarity with machine vision, computer learning and autonomous driving
• Understands Object Oriented Programming
• Strong debugging skills
• Effective communication skills
• Strong Process orientation

Desired Skills:
• Familiarity with neural networks and image recognition a plus
• Experience developing software using the Agile/Scrum methodology.
• Experience with continuous integration, build management, and automated test frameworks.

#LE

Leonardo DRS, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates are equal opportunity employers and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.6,"Leonardo DRS
3.6","Arlington, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1968,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
190,Premier Support Engineer Tier 2+ 3rd Shift,-1,"Join one of the fastest growing companies in America.

US Cloud added to the Inc 5000 List – ranking of private companies with the most proven track records.

To see our US Cloud blog page, click here.

PREMIER SUPPORT ENGINEER Tier 2+ 3rd Shift

Our 100% USA-based, never-outsourced Microsoft Premier Support engineers are the engine that drives US Cloud. And if you want to be recognized and work with the best of the best, our Premier Support team is for you. Engineering at US Cloud isn’t a cost center, it’s a profit center. New engineers coming over from the enterprise or MSP’s are surprised at how different it feels to be the lifeblood of a company vs. an ancillary support service. Simply put, our engineers are corporate IT’s first-responders and we give them the credit and respect they deserve each time they save the day for one our clients.

US Cloud engineers get the most challenging questions from savvy clients like NASA, Garmin, American Cancer Society, L.L.Bean, Bayer, and the US State Department, to name just a few -- all of them depending on us to underpin their Microsoft environments and keep them running. When they can’t fix it, they call US Cloud.

ABOUT US CLOUD

Our simple mission is to liberate businesses shackled to mediocre, overpriced, and monopolistic Microsoft Support. As a Microsoft Certified Partner for 15+ years, Fpweb.net and CyberVault, now US Cloud, has supported 1,000’s of Microsoft clients in over 80 countries.

With recent and dramatic changes in Microsoft’s strategy, the demand for high-quality, cost-effective 3rd-party product support has erupted. Simply put, we need more hands-on deck to help manage our current growth and to make the most of this intensifying trend.

WHY JOIN US CLOUD?

Snacks, coffee and gym memberships are great, but what typically gets our engineers excited is learning new things. By design we team folks across technologies, so they cross-pollinate and share information daily – no product silos here. We move engineers in and out of team pods so they don’t get stale. Our engineers knowledge-share via catered lunches and training seminars on hot technologies like Cloud, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning.

Plus, opportunities to progress in your career go hand-in-hand with rapidly growing companies. Our team members have more opportunities to shift concentrations, tackle new technologies, or step into leadership roles as our business continues to expand. And because our engineers are at the apex of our company’s focus, you also have a voice – to weigh in and make US Cloud the future you want.

RESPONSIBILITIES
As a Premier Support Engineer, your focus will be to represent US Cloud in communications via onsite, phone, email, and web to assist clients and partners in deploying, operating and troubleshooting Microsoft technologies such as Windows server and desktop, Office 365, Azure, SharePoint, Exchange, SQL, Skype, System Center and Dynamics. You will have the opportunity to foster positive client relationships while effectively managing challenging situations and driving client success.

Your key business metrics will be to:
Obtain high client and partner onboarding and ticket satisfaction
Drive client success and adoption of Microsoft technologies
Reduce time/cost to onboard and resolve tickets
Provide high quality data to help drive service improvement
Support Management – 50%
Serve as an escalation point for client tickets.
Participate in proactive account management, spot performance issues, analyze problems, develop solutions to meet client needs, represent them.
Provides the most effective method of service delivery by analyzing trends and common themes across clients.
Create deliverables to address common Premier client needs & support mobile-first, cloud-first strategy, share intellectual property with others.
Engages in strategic service delivery planning to strengthen targeted client relationships.
Gathers client impressions of products and services and integrates this feedback into decision making.
Seeks information about the underlying needs of clients.
Allocates and aligns resources to optimize the client experience.
Develops and communicates realistic performance goals and standards.
Builds plans that consider potential obstacles and immediate and long-term consequences.
Demonstrates expertise in a specific solution, or several products, feature functions, or services.
Provides stakeholder assistance throughout deployment to avoid/resolve technical issues.
Support Execution – Deliver Results through Teamwork & Optimizing Business Results – 35%
Seeks opportunities to drive business results by collaborating with multiple team members.
Identifies opportunities to articulate business value and grow client/partner relationships in alignment with US Cloud business priorities.
Provides and drives actionable feedback across groups about the client/partner experience and competitor threats.
Modifies existing intellectual property (IP) or, where applicable, creates new content.
Leadership and Growing the Business - 15%
Consistently apply “lessons learned”, model personal accountability & teamwork.
Demonstrates an understanding of his or her role and contribution to client change management and adoption initiatives.
Understands client requirements and can map the adoption and optimization of Microsoft technology solutions accordingly.
Contribute & participate with meetings to articulate Premier offerings to all clients; share knowledge thru communities, adapt for clients.
Cultivates relationships, credibility, and loyalty with clients and partners intentionally by sharing relevant business expertise.
Demonstrated self-learner.
QUALIFICATIONS

Experience:
Relevant certifications in Microsoft technologies
8+ Years’ experience Microsoft technologies
5+ Years’ experience in Windows Server
Experience in Active Directory/Azure AD and DNS
Technical proficiency in and learning attitude towards Microsoft and related technologies
Proven ability to work virtually
Communication Skills – Spoken and written English (including technical writing)
Analytical problem solving
Education: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, math, or equivalent.

Prior Roles: Technical consulting experience, or support experience in a second or third tier.

What it’s Like to Work at US Cloud:

US Cloud has the personality of a high-growth start-up, but we’re built on 20+ years as a successful Microsoft service provider. That brings financial stability and consistency of purpose not seen in most entrepreneurial organizations.

At US Cloud, we focus on fostering a happy place for you to thrive. Besides offering full benefits (medical, dental, etc.), we provide things like:
Flextime
Paid gym membership
Dog friendly offices
Free Starbucks, soft drinks, and snacks
Fun company events
We are also getting ready to move into our new home –50,000 sq.ft. of office space in Des Peres we own and are building out as a state-of-the-art tech services hub and US Cloud HQ. We are all working from home right now but anticipate being in our new digs this winter.

US Cloud is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, dietary preferences, gender, sexual orientation, age, fashion sense, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or political leanings. Come as you are.",4.1,"US Cloud
4.1","Town and Country, MO",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
191,Senior Software Engineer - ML Infrastructure,"$160k-$180k
(Employer Est.)","Who we are:
Grabango is the leading provider of checkout-free shopper technology for existing stores. Founded by Will Glaser (technology founder of Pandora Media), the Grabango team has developed the only enterprise class solution for large store chains in the market today. Grabango's system accommodates thousands of store locations, hundreds of thousands of SKUs and millions of square feet across a given retail enterprise.
We're a growing group of kind, curious, self-directed people working towards a common goal. We delight in taking risks and testing hypotheses in a collaborative and supportive environment. Our ability to celebrate both our successes and failures as milestones of growth opens the door to tremendous breakthroughs.
Computer vision and machine learning are at the core of our patent pending technology. Our accomplished team is a powerful combination of technology and commerce professionals that are working to ""Eliminate lines and save people time!""
Overview:
We use computer vision, machine learning, and general feats of information processing to understand shopping, eliminate checkout lines, and save you time.
The experience of leaving a store without stopping to checkout feels like magic. We're making that magic happen behind the scenes by processing data gathered from distributed sensor networks, turning sets of isolated observations into coherent narratives.
This full-time role reports directly to the Director of Computer Vision and is based in Berkeley.
What you'll be doing:
Collaborating across multiple research and engineering disciplines and assessing technology tradeoffs required to rapidly deliver software solutions
Analyzing, designing and developing software for embedded and cloud platforms focused on solving complex and as yet undefined machine learning problem
Getting up to speed on our various systemsLearning about our technology and how/why we will use machine learning
Reviewing our tools and code to help us continue moving at state-of-the-art speed
Collaborate on current projects while understanding our development process
Contributing/leading new projects, tools and frameworks to understand and use our computer vision data as part of a machine learning pipeline to provide checkout-free shopping
What you should have:
5+ years as a Machine Learning Engineer
5+ years experience using some combination of Python and/or C++
Ability to design and prototype software in simple, understandable code
Familiarity with software engineering best practices in an Agile environment
Ability to build tools to extracting useful information from, label and analyze video data
An understanding of the computational trade offs needed for real-time machine learning applications
Familiarity with libraries/packages/APIs (e.g. scikit-learn, Keras, PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.)
Familiarity with linux/unix Familiarity with different ML models (decision trees, random forests, support vector machines, neural networks, nearest neighbor, ensemble of multiple models, etc.)
An understanding of how different ML pipeline pieces work together and how to communicate with them (using SQL database queries, REST APIs, etc.) and the ability to build appropriate interfaces for your component that others will depend on
Familiar with ML Experiment at scale, ML experiment artifacts management and Machine Learning model deployment.
For the stack : Google compute for cloud computing. Spark/Dataproc for experiment at scale, mlflow for experiment management.
Education & Certifications:
PhD or equivalent industry experience in a relevant field and demonstrated application of Machine Learning
Grabango Values:
Integrity: Do the right thing, particularly when you don't have to.
Bold Innovation: Think recklessly, but temper your actions with pragmatism.
People Matter: Hire the best, and treasure them.
Don't Live with Broken: Have the courage to admit mistakes, and the urgency to correct them.
Customer Focus: Deliver beyond expectations, both internally and externally.
Inclusion: Foster an environment that welcomes all.
Simplify: Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Grabango is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to developing a workplace where diversity and inclusion are an essential part of who we are. We strive to hire and support a workforce as diverse as our shopper base, so we can develop products and services that best suit our customers. We do not make employment decisions based on race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status and we comply with all local, state and federal employment laws.
Grabango participates in the E-Verify Program, an internet-based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration. It allows employers to confirm an individual's employment eligibility to work in the United States.",4.1,"Grabango
4.1","Berkeley, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
192,Lead Data Scientist,"$89k-$143k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Summary
Tranzact is hiring a lead data scientist to assist our team in driving our data science and analytics group forward. You’ll be joining a group of curious, smart, technically minded yet business savvy data scientists looking to make a difference to the company by further designing and building out our data decisioning capabilities. We have been up and running for several years and our team must grow to meet the demands of our business partners—they see the value we have provided and want more.

The Lead Data Scientist is passionate about using data and insights to drive business strategy and develop data products. A successful candidate will manage data science projects including scoping, designing, and executing the vision with the help of more junior data scientists / analysts. They would also identify and prioritize initiatives to deliver value to our internal stakeholders. The ideal candidate would have experience managing data science projects, managing stakeholders, and working cross functionally. This person would have real world experience “in the data trenches” as a data scientist and be an all-star individual contributor. We expect this person to have a passion for driving projects for business outcomes, strong analytical skills, and a strong desire to make an impact in our growing data science practice!

What you’ll do:
Become the domain expert in multiple areas of the Tranzact business (i.e. retention, call center effectiveness, etc.) and contribute to the advancement of those area through thought leadership.
Lead new projects and initiatives through understanding business needs, executing, presenting and influencing stakeholders.
Be a technical leader on the team that can advise, mentor, and delegate tasks to more junior data scientists and analysts.
Facilitate data-driven decision making and prioritize initiatives.
Develop strong cross functional partnerships with business and technology stakeholders.
Act as a subject matter expert within the organization on all things data.
Find new and improved ways for us to use data in our products, operations, and business strategies.

What we do:
We achieve competitive advantage through data-driven marketing and full management of the customer experience. We’re constantly refining our technology and our strategies, that’s why we’re the industry leader in delivering the best results to the top insurance brands in America.

That’s not just lip service either, we’re consistently awarded partner of the year from brands like AFLAC, Humana, and more. Our work has also been featured on The Dr. Oz Show, Forbes, and Vox -- to name a few.

We want people who fit within our Be Real culture. We want a diversity of programmers and writers and designers and data scientists and strategists and more. We’re made up of introverts and extroverts, suits and rebels, corporate types and anti-corporate types. We’re an environment where every person feels their full potential is only limited by their ability to conceive of it and make it happen. Our company grew from entrepreneurial roots but has big company resources to get amazing things done.

What we’re looking for:
BA/BS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)
5 years of experience in data science at a B2C or direct to consumer company (experience in marketing, business operations, or customer retention is a plus)
Experience implementing predictive and prescriptive models in production systems
Experience managing data science projects and mentoring data scientists / analysts
Proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and a data visualization tool (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)
Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines
Experience communicating strategy and results to different audiences
Ability to work cross functionally and influence others
A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business
Ability to be objective, follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data
Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing
What’s in it for you:
Medical, dental, vision, paid time off/holidays, 401(k), and bonus opportunity
Frequent office events and outings
Employee development programs, conference and training reimbursement
Work remote flexibility
Joining a growing and exciting team making a big impact on the business!
EOE, including disability/vets",3.8,"TRANZACT
3.8","Raleigh, NC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
193,Research Scientist or Senior Research Scientist - Computer Vision,"$123k-$189k
(Glassdoor Est.)","25 years of innovation

The Computer Vision Group at MERL conducts fundamental, academically oriented, cutting-edge research that is applied to challenging industrial problems such as object, action and scene understanding, robotic vision, and autonomous driving, as well as surveillance and monitoring systems. MERL has been setting the standard for excellence in the field for over 25 years. Before deep learning became popular, MERL published one of the first papers on a learning-based approach for super-resolution of images, and starting with the publication of the landmark Viola-Jones face detection paper, MERL has steadily contributed to the state-of-the-art in the detection & classification of objects & actions.

With more than 25 years of innovation, MERL is proud to foster an environment that gives researchers the opportunity to set their own path and pursue their passions. The culture at MERL, which values both fundamental scientific contributions and its application to real business, allows for all of our researchers to become leaders in their field. There is no other industrial lab with this level of freedom and flexibility.

Set your own path at MERL

Successful candidates will identify new problems and solutions that are fundamental to the field and broadly useful. You will conduct research to evaluate your solutions, and publish your results in selective peer-reviewed conferences and journals. Research results are typically transferred to counterparts in Japan for further evaluation and development through collaborative projects and a long-term trusting partnership.

What successful candidates look like

Applicants must have a Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related areas focused on Computer Vision, and have a documented track record of creative innovation that has led to successful research outcomes. Candidates with at least 5 years of experience will be considered for senior positions. Applicants are expected to have excellent programming skills, and be able to communicate effectively in both written and verbal forms.

We are looking for Research Scientists and Principal Research Scientists committed to setting their own path in the area of Deep Learning.

Specific problems of interest are related to scene understanding including detection, classification, labeling and prediction of objects and actions in a wide range of environments.

Research Area: Computer Vision

Contact: Alan Sullivan

Mitsubishi Electric Research Labs, Inc. ""MERL"" provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, MERL complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

MERL expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of MERL’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.

Requirements
Ph.D. in Computer Vision
Experience in deep/machine learning using one of the well known APIs such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, Caffe, etc.
Publication record demonstrating that your research is leading edge in the top journals and conferences.",3.8,"Mitsubishi Electric Research Labs
3.8","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1991,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Research & Development,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
194,Sr. Controls Software Engineer,"$77k-$157k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title: Sr. Controls Software Engineer
Location: Wilsonville, OR
Department: Engineering
Job Type: Full-Time
DWFritz
DWFritz Automation has been engineering and building precision automation solutions for over 45 years. In the last 10 years, we have grown our global footprint with employees and clients in the U.S., Asia, and Europe, while diversifying the industries we serve.
What’s our secret to success?
We're the company that can solve the challenges that nobody else can. We do so by hiring incredibly talented employees who innovate through team-work.
Why would you want to work here?
We are a progressive company that continually strives towards being world-class in our practices, cutting-edge with our technology, and empowering with our leadership. We believe in big things, because we believe in our employees who impress us every day with their ideas and their execution.
Our World Headquarters operates from a modern, state-of-the-art facility located in Wilsonville, Oregon. Our employees enjoy standing desks, a recreation room, a fitness room, and a hearty oatmeal breakfast to start each day. Our spacious lunch room is the venue for weekly All Staff meetings and our frequent “Lunch and Learns.”
We also know how to have fun at DWFritz. From ping-pong tournaments and monthly socials to working with our community through our RISE program and paid volunteer day, we know well how to work and play together. We hope you get the chance to visit our building and experience a culture that is unlike any other.

Your Challenge

The Senior Controls Software Engineer is a challenging, high visibility position that will utilize your experience and software skills and allow you to work with high-level automation technologies within a project team to develop cutting edge automation equipment. These systems include features such as:
Real time PC control architecture.
Sophisticated machine vision software.
Sub-micron PID Servo motion control.
4 to 6-axis robot integration.
High Level Custom GUI.
2D and 3D Laser Metrology.
Your Responsibilities
Architects, designs, codes, tests, and maintains complex software applications.
Develops detailed software design specifications for assigned projects.
Maintains state-of-the-art knowledge in software design, testing techniques, and software development tools.
Provides design guidelines, and general and detailed software design specifications to other software engineers.
Assists in project schedule development.
Suggests new and innovative approaches to solving problems.
Interfaces with customers during quoting, specification, design-review, buy-off, and installation phases.
Participates to develop company processes, procedures, and standards.
Drives personal or company vehicle to customers’ facilities for project meetings, design reviews, start-up training, and follow-up review.
Your Qualifications
Excellent organizational, problem solving, and time management skills.
Excellent software development skills.
Excellent C#.NET/C++ programming skills (min 8 years of experience).
Excellent C#.NET GUI development skills.
Ability to actively participate in team development and team-oriented processes and motivate others to do the same.
Excellent usage of Version Control Software (GIT, VSS, Subversion, etc.).
Excellent Machine Vision applications skills (Cognex Vision Pro/Insight, Keyence CV/XG, Halcon, OpenCV).
Ability to startup and debug complex systems.
Ability to read electrical schematics.
Familiarity with SQL database schemas, design and software interfacing.
Ability to derive solutions to complex problems.
Proficient with Statistical Analysis.
Able to integrate into an existing software engineering team environment.
Able to use existing standards, procedures, and practices.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Attention to detail and accuracy.
Ability to work under pressure to meet project deadlines in a multi-tasking environment.
Sense of urgency to meet project schedules.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
PC-based machine controls.
Servo based motion control.
Use Microsoft software – Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio, etc.
Must possess a valid driver’s license, acceptable driving record, and proof of current vehicle insurance.
Requires domestic/international travel for installation and support. Typically 3, 3-week trips/year.
Must be eligible for or have a valid passport.
Your Education and Experience
BSEE or BSME (MS a plus).
Minimum 10 years recent manufacturing programming experience.
Experience with machine control, C#.NET, vision and motion control programming skills highly desired.
Experience integrating software with Scara and 6-Axis robots.
Experience with software project management.
PLC programming skills a plus.
Equal Opportunity Statement
DWFritz is an equal opportunity employer. In accordance with applicable law, the company prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, creed, gender, pregnancy or related medical conditions, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, uniformed service or any other consideration protected by federal state and local laws. Our commitment to equal opportunity employment applies to all persons involved in our operations and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee.
DWFritz is not currently sponsoring work visas for this role. Authorization to work in the U.S. is required to be considered.",3.4,"DWFritz
3.4","Wilsonville, OR",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
195,Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Data Scientist,"$68k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are seeking skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application development.

If Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, summarization mean something to you, we want to talk to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system.

The candidate will be responsible for supporting a team of more senior AI/ML staff and Data Scientists in the following tasks:
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with Domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions in their studies
Excellent Communication Skills (with the abilty to explain developed tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Ability to formulate operational problems in aviation domain as technical problems that allows for reuse of leading research in the area.
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team

Preferred Qualifications:
1 to 2 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch,Mxnet etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, MEAN stack - MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization , search (e.g. ELK Stack) , entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintain good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
196,Senior Software Engineer II (C++ Networking),-1,"Are you a dynamic and experienced Software Engineer interested in an opportunity to work in the Marlborough, MA area? Then join our team and contribute to programs that save lives and enable the freedoms we enjoy.

We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer II (C++ Networking) to help with the continued success of our products, by leading and directing engineers who are developing the next generation systems. Every day at Raytheon Intelligence & Space, our extraordinary engineers are empowered for excellence and inspired to invent in an inclusive environment where work-life balance is an elegant solution, not a slogan.

Typical job functions for the Senior Software Engineer II (C++ Networking) include:
Participation on collaborative, cross-disciplined integrated product teams, employing agile software development techniques and tools to plan, design, develop, test, and integrate complex software and systems solutions.
Responsibilities span the full lifecycle of product development, from architecture and design, through integration, test, and field support. You will work and learn in an engineering organization with the highest software engineering process maturity level as recognized by the Software Engineering Institute.
Required Skills:
Minimum 6 years of relevant professional Software development experience including design
Experience with C or C++
Experience with Agile lifecycle process including Scrum, Continuous Integration and Test Driven Development Methodologies
Knowledge of networking protocols including MEFCoS, PPPoE, and IEEE Std 802.1Q
U.S. Citizenship is required.
Current SECRET Clearance is required.
Must have a BS / BA with a major in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or other related field.
Desired Skills:
Experience with Cisco Embedded Services Router (ESR)
Experience integrating Commercial Off-the-Shelf software
Experience with real-time operating systems (RTOS), embedded programming, processor/board architecture and design
Experience using Javascript & NodeJS
Working knowledge of Linux, Windows, VxWorks or other Real time operating systems
Experience working with remote teams
Familiarity with Virtual Machines
Understanding of standard system engineering design artifacts such as Use Cases and SysML diagrams
Applied experience in Unified Modeling Language (UML) and Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) principles
MS / MA with a major in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, or other related field.
Raytheon Intelligence & Space is a leading provider of integrated sensor, communication and electronic warfare systems giving military forces accurate and timely actionable information for the network-centric battlefield. You will continue your career working on cutting-edge technology by day, while in your free time you can explore the many cultural, entertainment and outdoor wonders that make Marlborough, MA area so unique.

We offer robust reward and recognition programs in compensation, career development, health care, educational assistance, maternal and paternal leave, flexible work schedules, child/adult backup care, 401(k), paid holidays and paid time off. In addition, this position is eligible for relocation assistance.

#softwareengineer
#embeddedsystems
#space 167359

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Marlborough, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
197,Sr. Data Scientist,"$90k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Be proud of where you work, be proud of your Career. Join Navient.

We're proud of our people. Navient team members bring passion, commitment, and integrity to our business. We drive results and foster the innovation that makes us an industry leader. It's time to make that move, choose Navient as the next stepping stone in your career.

Navient (Nasdaq: NAVI) provides asset management and business processing solutions to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state, and local levels. We help our clients and millions of Americans achieve financial success through our services and support. Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, Navient employs team members in Western New York, Northeastern Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and other locations. Learn more at navient.com.

During this time of recommended social distancing, Navient will conduct telephone interviews only until it is safe and permissible to invite candidates to our offices for personal interviews. We look forward to receiving your application and appreciate your flexibility and understanding.

The Senior Data Scientist will utilize analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets.

Responsibilities include:

Data Science & Analysis
Analyze enormous amounts of data (structured and unstructured datasets)
Extract data from sources such as enterprise data warehouse, production databases, and other providers
Write machine learning models to produce desired results (shallow ML & ANNs)
Develop techniques for machine learning and predictive analytics
Create charts and other data visuals of analyzed data
Utilize NLP engines to process and correlate unstructured data
Engage with domain experts as well as senior leaders and engineers to effectively deliver interpretable results.
Python Development
Utilize Python to retrieve and prepare data for algorithm processing
Program APIs to access data on existing systems and databases
Program machine learning solutions to process large datasets
Program output to be organized and ready for presentation
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

This position will support a federal government contract. Applicants must be able to obtain Public Trust security clearance as required of federal government contractors to include a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. For this level of clearance, applicants must possess U.S citizenship.

Master's degree in Data Science, Math, Computer Science or other related area (additional experience may substitute)

2+ years experience in the following (additional education may substitute:
Programming Language(s) Python and Spark
Data Munging: SQL / Python
Data Storage / Data handling: Hadoop / Spark
Statistical Analysis & Machine Learning models
Deep Learning libraries (ex. TensorFlow / Sikit-learn / PyTorch)
Data Visualization (ex. Tableau / d3.js / Python data visualization libraries)
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience building chatbot solutions
Knowledge of PySpark API and RStudio programming
Programming user interfaces (ex. Python, Java, .net, C++, C)
Excellent technical, communication, and analytical capabilities
Demonstrated ability to complete tasks/project quickly and effectively
Able to work in an ever-changing environment and positively adapt to organizational, process, and technology changes
Software design principles
Databases and SQL
Strong knowledge of normalization methods
Strong knowledge with DL modern architectures
Numpy/Pandas experience
Software testing principles
MS TFS/Github
ETL workflows
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.3,"Navient
3.3","Fishers, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
198,Data Scientist,"$57k-$102k
(Glassdoor Est.)","A trusted partner at nearly three million commercial customer locations, Ecolab (ECL) is the global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services. With annual sales of $13 billion and more than 45,000 associates, Ecolab delivers comprehensive solutions, data-driven insights and personalized service to advance food safety, maintain clean and safe environments, optimize water and energy use, and improve operational efficiencies and sustainability for customers in the food, healthcare, hospitality and industrial markets in more than 170 countries around the world.

Ecolabs Institutional division, serving the restaurant and hospitality market, is seeking a business focused Data Scientist to unlock the value in data assets while creating new and unique offerings for customers. As a data scientist in the Advanced Analytics organization, you will play a pivotal role in planning, executing and delivering machine learning-based projects. The bulk of the work will be in machine learning (ML) modelling, management and problem analysis, data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration, as well as operationalization. You will be a key interface between the advanced analytics team and the business unit and various other departments (such as IT). Candidates need to be very much self-driven, curious and creative.

In this role, we are looking for:
A problem-solving mindset with the ability to understand business challenges and how to apply your analytics expertise to solve them.
The unique person who can present complex mathematical solutions in a simple manner that most will understand including customers.
An individual excited by innovation and new technology and eager to finds ways to employ these innovations in practice.
A team mentality empowered by the ability to work with a diverse set of individuals.
Whats in it For You:
Opportunity to take on some of the worlds most meaningful challenges, helping customers achieve clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments.
Ability to make an impact and shape your career with a company that is passionate about growth.
Support of an organization that believes it is vital to include and engage diverse people, perspectives and ideas to achieve our best.
What you will do:
Problem Analysis and Project Management.
Inspire the organization about the business potential and strategy of artificial intelligence.
Collaborate across the business to understand IT and business constraints.
Manage data science projects and the corresponding key performance indicators (KPIs) for success.
Data Collection and Integration.
Understand new data sources and process pipelines and catalog/document them.
Acquire access to various databases and other sources systems such as SQL or graph databases.
Create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.
Data Exploration and Preparation.
Apply statistical analysis and visualization techniques to various data.
Generate hypotheses about the underlying mechanics of the business process.
Test hypotheses using various quantitative methods.
Display drive and curiosity to understand the business process to its core.
Network with domain experts to better understand the business mechanics that generated the data.
Machine Learning.
Apply various ML and advanced analytics techniques to perform classification or prediction tasks.
Acquire domain knowledge and integrate it into ML solutions, for example, from an understanding of financial risk, customer journey, quality prediction, sales, marketing.
Testing of ML models, such as cross-validation, A/B testing, bias and fairness.
Operationalization.
Collaborate with ML operations, data engineers, and IT to deploy ML solutions.
Follow established best practices around ML production infrastructure.
Network with internal and external partners.
Upskill yourself (through conferences, publications, courses, local academia and meetups).
Collaboration with other technical teams within the organization.
Encourage and leverage the reuse of artifacts.
Be encouraged and expected to innovate and be creative in your data analysis, problem solving and presentation of solutions.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics with 3+ years related experience, or
Masters Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics with 1+ years of related experience
Experience working with statistics/analytics/visualization tools, preferably in the Microsoft Azure Suite.
Preferred Qualifications:
Ph.D. degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics.
Experience working in Python/SQL/Jupyter.
Self-driven, curious and creative with a collaborative mindset.
Demonstrated ability to work in diverse, cross-functional teams in a dynamic business environment.
Strong communication and presentation skills.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Ecolab, we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran.

In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. Ecolab is a place where you can grow your career, own your future and impact what matters.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.",3.7,"Ecolab
3.7","Saint Paul, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1923,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
199,Research Engineer,-1,"FRACTIONATION RESEARCH, INC. , www.fri.org
Job Description – Research Engineer *
FRI is seeking a Research Engineer to lead research projects focused on the operation and design of commercial-scale mass transfer equipment. This position requires process engineering skills, and creative ability to apply theory for development of distillation design criteria and correlations. Individuals interested in a high visibility career focused on applied research should apply.

Fractionation Research, Inc. (FRI) is a non-profit research consortium, which includes 80 of the largest petroleum, chemical, and engineering companies. Our pilot facility is located west of the Oklahoma State University main campus, in Stillwater. FRI was founded in the 1950’s and continues to be recognized as the leading source for mass transfer expertise and design practices.
QUALIFICATIONS: *
Education – Chemical Engineer with a Ph.D., M.S., or B.S. with applicable industry experience
Years of Experience – 5+ years of R&D
Experience developing mass transfer and hydraulic models for distillation and absorption applications
Works independently under general supervision and leads research projects
Experience working with people with varying skill levels to achieve corporate goals
Provides technical assistance on unusual or complex technical topics
Must have legal authority to work in the U.S.
RESPONSIBILITIES: *
Participate in development and implementation of safety processes
Conceive, plan, conduct and interpret experimental research
Prepare written technical reports
Provide engineering support and guidance to operations staff
Presentation of research results at periodic FRI member meetings
Delivery of training seminars
Prepare and present external technical seminars
Commitment to professional development
Approximately 15% travel (domestic/international)
SKILLS & EXPERIENCE: *
Effective verbal and written communication skills
Process safety and operations experience
Thorough understanding of hydraulics and mass transfer fundamentals
Correlation and model development
Knowledge of process control and computing
While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only those candidates selected for interview will be contacted.

Please note that the selected candidate will be required to provide references and submit to drug screening.

FRI is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
relevant: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.fri.org
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,"Fractionation Research, Inc.","Stillwater, OK",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
200,Sales Engineer,-1,"Sales Engineer*
Perfecto Tool & Engineering Company is seeking a qualified and experienced Sales Engineer to join the Perfecto Sales Team.

This position will work with customers and our internal team to guide customers through the special machine design and build journey. You will develop and foster relationships with new and existing customers. You will provide the Perfecto team with the technical guidance needed to produce a finished product that exceeds customer expectations. The ideal candidate will have prior experience in technical sales and engineering. The ability to quickly gain a customer’s confidence while capturing their ideas is necessary for success in this role. Experience with manufacturing, alignment with Core Values, a passion for excellence, and an entrepreneurial spirit are also required.

If you possess the qualifications listed below, please apply for this position and we will contact you directly. Your information will remain confidential.
Responsibilities: *
Ø Build and expand customer relationships

Ø Work with existing customers to explore additional opportunities and expand product lines

Ø Quickly vet customer ideas during customer meetings

Ø Become knowledgeable about Perfecto’s production capabilities, advising leadership of opportunities to increase production efficiencies

Ø Participate in the quoting process for custom equipment with precise estimates of the cost, machinery, hours, and materials needed to complete the project

Ø Maintain and improve technical knowledge through continued education

Ø Some travel is necessary for this position (25-30%)
Qualifications: *
Ø Alignment with our Core Values

Ø Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or equivalent relevant experience is preferred.

Ø A minimum of 4 years’ engineering experience

Ø Previous customer service experience is strongly desired, sales experience is a plus

Ø Ability to communicate technical information to technical and non-technical users via email, phone, or in person is essential to success in this position

Ø Strong sales, presentation, and negotiation skills

Ø Ability to quickly learn new systems and software is helpful

Ø Working knowledge of data analysis and performance/operation metrics

Ø Outstanding organizational and leadership abilities

Ø Excellent interpersonal and public speaking skills

Ø Skilled in decision-making and problem-solving

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $70,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Paid Training:
Yes
Management:
Key Leader
Typical start time:
7AM
Typical end time:
5PM
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Company's website:
www.perfecto.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/PerfectoToolEngineering
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Perfecto Tool & Engineering Co., Inc.","Indianapolis, IN",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
201,Computer Vision Software Engineer,-1,"Introduction

iRobot is looking to hire a Computer Vision Software Engineer on our Perception team who will play a vital role in developing the next generation of Robots that will live in millions of homes across the world. If you are a consumer centric pioneer eager to build innovative robot products, please apply now or reach out to one of our recruiters on LinkedIn.
What you will do
Develop algorithms for computer vision, SLAM, and related disciplines in challenging and dynamic environments
Design, implement, test, and document software and algorithms for desktop and embedded platforms, in C/C++ and other languages
Collaborate closely with team members on developing systems from prototypes to production level. Take solutions “over the wall” through manufacturing and customer deployment

To Be Successful You Will Have
Experience in state-of-the-art geometric computer vision and SLAM technologies
Hands-on experience developing computer vision systems
Solid understanding of computer vision fundamentals
Experience studying and implementing research papers from conferences such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, NIPS, ICPR, ICML
Excellence at writing embedded C/C++ and familiarity with a Linux Environment
Understanding and experience in design patterns, data structures and advanced programming techniques
BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field
Beneficial: M.S in Computer Science, Robotics, Computer Vision, or related field
In Return You Can Expect
To work on exciting problems in computer vision and SLAM deployed on the largest installed base of consumer robots
Be an integral part of a team dedicated to building the next generation of robots
Opportunities to continuously learn and collaborate with our innovative and knowledgeable technical staff including leading scientists in Computer vision, machine learning, and SLAM.
An attractive salary package with good benefits
Excellent career growth opportunities",3.5,"iRobot
3.5","Pasadena, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1990,Company - Public,Consumer Electronics & Appliances Stores,Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
202,Senior Data Scientist,"$116k-$184k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Recursion, our mission is to decode biology to radically improve lives. To accomplish this bold goal, we have already generated one of the largest biological datasets in existence in our own labs— tens of billions of images of cells under millions of different biological and chemical perturbations.

With treatments for hundreds of diseases in our sights, Recursion has constructed a world-class team of specialists in biology, drug discovery, automation, engineering, management, and data science that work side by side. Our data science team is no less diverse. We bring together domain expertise in computer science, physics, biology, mathematics, applied statistics, and more. Together, we analyze experimental results, develop best-practice analytical methods for a field that has none, and build the computational tooling required to fuel Recursion's drug-discovery engine.

HOW YOU'LL CONTRIBUTE:

You will help us accomplish all of this by applying your domain expertise, technical experience, and years working on a data science team to deliver scalable solutions that immediately impact decisions— in whatever area that expertise may be:
Biologists just generated a novel dataset and need help developing a new analytical approach.
Our Chemistry team needs a new tool to register and recommend molecules with specific properties from an X-million compound registry.
Our analysis toolkit needs to level-up to support the growing needs of the company.
A production ML model is underperforming on new data, and needs both a redesign and additional experimental data to support the desired objectives.
You will identify and then own projects that suit your expertise— meaning conception, planning, development, implementation, and delivery— with the support of whatever other data science and cross-team expertise is required.

THE EXPERIENCE YOU'LL NEED:
Minimum of 4 years in industry setting on a data science team
Experience working with production repositories and developing deployable data-science products.
High fluency with the Python data stack (pandas, sklearn, etc).
Professional experience in project leadership and team mentorship
Curiosity and the professional skill-set to excel in an open, highly collaborative environment.
A track record of outstanding past projects, publications, or presentations.
NICE TO HAVE:
Experience developing computational analysis for imaging-based biological datasets or bioinformatics for sequencing-based datasets.
Code you can share. Send a link along with your email.
THE BENEFITS/PERKS YOU'LL ENJOY
100% Coverage of health, vision, and dental insurance premiums
401(k) with generous matching (immediate vesting)
Stock option grants
Two one-week paid company closures (summer and winter)
Flexible vacation/sick leave
Onsite daycare facility*
Commuter benefit and vehicle parking to ease your commute*
Complimentary chef-prepared lunches and well-stocked snack bars*
Generous paid parental leave (including adoptive)
Fully-paid gym membership to Metro Fitness, located just feet away from our headquarters*
One-of-a-kind 100,000 square foot headquarters complete with a 70-foot climbing wall, showers, lockers, and bike parking*
*Subject to change during the COVID-19 pandemic

More About Us

Recursion is a digital biology company industrializing drug discovery. Recursion does this by combining automation, artificial intelligence, machine learning, in vivo validation capabilities and a highly cross-functional team to discover novel medicines that expand our collective understanding of biology. Recursion's rich, relatable database of over 4 petabytes of biological images generated in-house on the company's robotics platform enables advanced machine learning approaches to reveal drug candidates, mechanisms of action, novel chemistry, and potential toxicity, with the eventual goal of decoding biology and advancing new therapeutics that radically improve people's lives. Recursion is proudly headquartered in Salt Lake City.

Check out what it is like to work at Recursion here

Recursion is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. Recursion strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against applicants because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.",4.6,"Recursion Pharmaceuticals
4.6","Salt Lake City, UT",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
203,Machine Learning Engineer,"$68k-$123k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Business Group Highlights

Perspecta Labs

Perspecta Labs generates transformative applied research to fuel solutions for our customers’ unique challenges. We are a self-sustaining research center within Perspecta that provides applied research and engineering to enable government agencies, utilities and commercial enterprises to fully exploit the future of communications, analytics and cyber security.

Responsibilities

Perspecta has an exciting opportunity for a Machine Learning Software Engineer to aid on the development of machine learning models and the software that is needed for the training and deployment of these machine learning model. In addition, the qualified candidate will engineer both structure and unstructured data that will be fed to and taken from the machine learning models. Because the qualified candidate will be working closely with the Data Scientist, the candidate must have general understanding of machine learning. This position is located onsite at Picatinny Arsenal, NJ.

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Physics, Mathematics, Electrical, Computer, or Software Engineering
3 -5 years experience developing machine learning models in areas such as classification from video, object detection and classification, and reinforcement learning.
Experience with machine learning algorithms such as Neural Networks, Boosting algorithms, Decision Trees, etc.
Software development experience in Python and/or C++ Experience in software design and development Experience with TensorFlow and other machine learning libraries
Broad knowledge in current machine learning techniques and ability to adapt novel techniques to research questions

Preferred Skills:

Familiarity with reinforcement learning and computer vision techniques would be a plus
Good Communication and Presentation skills are a plus. E
xperience with Linux is highly desirable.

The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen and possess and be able to maintain a DOD Secret Security Clearance, as a qualification and condition for employment.

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to do just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of the other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c).",3.3,"Perspecta
3.3","Wharton, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,2018,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
204,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"MORSE is a small, innovative, employee-owned engineering firm that develops algorithms, software, and integrated prototypes for manned and unmanned systems in the air, land, sea, and undersea domains. The systems MORSE develops are typically the first of their kind and are highly specialized for the military personnel and first responders who use them.

MORSE is searching for innovative candidates with expertise in using state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms for aerospace applications. The candidate will be responsible for acquiring truth data, integrating algorithms, testing algorithms, combining algorithms, reviewing literature to stay on top of the latest-and-greatest methods, analyzing data from field tests, and developing advanced algorithms. MORSE's machine learning focuses both on computer vision-based problems (with deep learning solutions) and data analysis of sparse data sets. The candidate will work with MORSE's current team of engineers to transition algorithms to production, which may run on a server or on a real-time embedded system. The candidate must also be capable of clearly communicating concepts to engineers and stakeholders.

Requirements and Qualifications:
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED, or the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance
Masters or Doctorate in Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, or related field
Desired Skills:
Solid understanding of physics, linear algebra, statistics, algorithms, optimization, and machine learning methods
Proficiency in Python
Experience with Docker is a plus
Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, or Dlib is a plus
Experience with Java, C#, or C/C++ is a plus
Experience with web programming, including React and Django is a plus
Experience with automated testing, and CI platforms like Jenkins, is a plus
Good communication skills
Self-starter and driven",5.0,"MORSE Corp
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
205,RESEARCH COMPUTER SCIENTIST - RESEARCH ENGINEER - SIGNAL PROCESSING,"$59k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Summary:


Join the exciting new area of developing the avionics applications and next generation of cyber threat detection capabilities for airborne platforms. The successful application will work in a dynamic team environment, analyzing, designing, developing, testing and fielding software for various types of aircraft. Responsibilities and activities include participating in software development tasks primarily utilizing C/C++. The target platform will be high performance, fault tolerant applications on embedded platforms. Participating in requirements analysis and development, developing and reviewing software design, implementation, unit testing, integration, installation and maintenance. Leading software development tasks and teams. Developing new ideas and solve complex problems based on technical and domain experience. Collaborate with the team and work independently. Work at SwRI laboratories and short-term travel to government facilities / military bases or other customer facilities. Prepare technical documents and support proposal preparations as required.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering (with a focus in Computer Science) with 2-7 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have experience in software development with emphasis on application development utilizing C/C++. Must have working knowledge of software development processes including an ability to analyze and translate requirements into an application design, implementation, unit and integration testing; software/hardware integration and software documentation. Must have experience in embedded real-time RTOS application development as well as cyber detection. Experience with VxWorks RTOS environments, and cyber threat detection application development are highly desirable. Experience developing with Python or Java as well as experience with avionics applications is a strong plus. Excellent technical verbal and written communications skills are critical. A demonstrated track record filling software lead role with increasing responsibility in the areas of design, task planning, and delegation are highly desirable. Current DoD security clearance is highly desired. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Requirements:


Work assignment is in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: Oklahoma City, Oklahoma


For more information about this division, visit the Defense & Intelligence Solutions home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
If you need assistance, please Contact Us",4.0,"Southwest Research Institute
4.0","Oklahoma City, OK",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1947,Nonprofit Organization,Research & Development,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
206,Embedded Software Engineer I,-1,"***This position is for early career individuals who have less than 2 years of professional work experience and who will receive a degree during the current academic year or who received their degree within the last 18 months.***

Overview:
Raytheon Missiles and Defense (RMD) is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense, security and civil markets where youll be part of a global team working together to solve some of the most demanding challenges on the planet. We are the world's largest developer, producer and integrator of weapon systems. In fact, we've produced over one million missiles in our history. Military forces in more than 50 countries look to us for a high-quality product portfolio that includes missiles, smart munitions, projectiles, kinetic kill vehicles and directed energy weapons. We are able to accomplish this feat because our employees live our Values of Trust, Respect, Collaboration, Innovation and Accountability. Diversity is a part of our culture and a key to our success. When world-class talent works together in a place that is respectful and inclusive, we solve some of the world's hardest problems.

We know that a diverse company is a strong company. The people of Raytheon Technologies come from different backgrounds. We value our different perspectives and styles of tackling the worlds most complex challenges and toughest threats. Through Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), our employees are empowered to impact business results, build professional networks, advocate for causes that matter to them and contribute to their local communities. Diversity of thought is critical to the future of innovation. We leverage these unique voices to generate solutions toward a united and singular purpose: to define the future of aerospace.

Job Description:
The Software Products Engineering (SPE) organization develops flight software applications, including integration and test on missiles, launchers, fire control and other complex systems. Our precision software and firmware integrates operating systems, device drivers, networking, and control software to bring together sensor, guidance, and flight control processing features to complete the mission. Our engineers design, develop, and build innovative solutions for the U.S. Government. Experience all aspects of a software development life-cycle as a member of a fast-paced agile team on the leading edge of:
Real-time systems design
Digital signal processing
Machine Learning and Autonomous Systems
Cyber Security
DevOps technologies and methods
We encourage curious, creative problem solvers to join our team of bright, dedicated software craftspeople in designing and implementing highly innovative systems. You will learn advanced software engineering practices and apply new technologies to develop next generation capabilities and help keep our country safe.

As an entry-level Software Engineer, you will:
Assist and participate in the research, design, development and testing of real-time embedded software, firmware, and tools, to include development of new work products or enhancement of existing applications and systems
Design, code, test, integrate and document software solutions
Participate in internal review of software components and systems
Collaborate with project leaders and other professionals within Engineering
Work on problems with defined scope, schedule and expectations
Follow established development practices and processes to maintain the configuration management of software products
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Required Education/Skills:
Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree in Computer Engineering or Software Engineering; or
Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree in a related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) discipline (such as Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering, Math or Physics) with experience with C, C++, or Java
Must be either currently pursuing degree or degree must have been granted in the last 18 months
U.S. Citizenship is required
Desired Skills:
College coursework covering modern software languages (such as C, C++, or Java)
1 year or more of calculus, physics and computer science studies that include assembly level programming
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of systems software design, operating systems and architectures
ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. 3.0 cumulative GPA desired
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures
Demonstrated ability to work with colleagues who represent a diversity of work and conflict resolution styles
Location:
This position is located in beautiful Tucson, AZ. Tucson has a friendly,caring and laid-back atmosphere, combined with the innovation and energy of ametropolitan region and recognized as one of Americas 10 Best Small Cities. Surrounded by beautiful mountains, colorful Sonoran Desert landscape andmajestic saguaro cacti, Tucson is blessed with some of natures best work.Tucson is known for its bright blue skies, and with more than 310 sunny days peryear, Tucsons fantastic weather lets residents enjoy the outdoors year-round.

Benefits:
Full-time and Part-time opportunities are available
Student Loan Repayment Contribution Program
Paid Parental Leave
Educational Assistance
9/80 work schedule Every other Friday off
Onsite Wellness Program Health Screenings/Flu Shots
401K Savings & Investment Plan
Paid Time Off
Rstars is an enterprise-wide recognition program that allows you to give and receive thanks for notable and exceptional performance.
Clearance:
This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance. The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process. Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement. Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens. https://www.state.gov/m/ds/clearances/c10978.htm
*Please upload a copy of your most recent transcripts with your resume when applying to this requisition. Please include your cumulative GPA and projected graduation date on your resume. ***

168834

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
207,"Software Engineer - Gaming, C#, C++, Unreal Engine",-1,"Would you like working on an agile team, developing training software that combines virtual and physical simulations?

Would you like being involved in the entire software development environment starting from the operating system?

If so, we have an opportunity for you in our Patriot Fielded Systems and Validation Department in Tewksbury, Massachusetts on the Patriot Multi-Echelon Training (PMET) & Patriot Maintenance Training (PMT) software development team. Patriot is the world's pre-eminent air defense system, and we are currently developing Patriot training software in support of new system capabilities. Successful candidates will work with a team of software and systems engineers to develop and test these new capabilities. We strive for technical excellence by drawing upon a diverse workforce whose knowledge base covers the complete spectrum of modern computer languages and platforms.

As a Software Engineer II, you will be an integral part of the Patriot PMET & PMT software team, and will be involved in:
Development, integration, test, and user support of a Windows-based, first person military computer simulation used to train maintenance procedures for the Patriot Fielded System.
The deliverable PMET & PMT products provide a mix of virtual and physical simulators to be used in a classroom setting.
You will learn how to configure the operating system to maximize the performance and integrity of the Patriot Training software. You shall be able to contribute to the entire software life cycle of Requirements, Design, Code, Unit Test, Integration and System Test.

The team works in a scrum development facility located in Tewksbury, MA. The job requires a well-disciplined engineer who is able to thrive in a dynamic environment and is able to work well in a team.
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as within one year of employment.

Job Responsibilities:
Maintain, debug and fix problems with Patriot PMET & PMT applications
Support generation of documentation to include: software design artifacts, requirements documentation and problem reports
Support integration efforts, for which travel may be required
Some off-hours activities associated with software development and test will be necessary
Will work on all phases of software development lifecycle, tools, and methodologies Convert software requirements and specifications into logical design artifacts, development of software code, unit testing of code, and analysis of software defects
Determine failure root cause, develop, design and implement solutions
Analyze system performance vs. technical requirements, research and make Software/Systems improvement recommendations
Basic Qualifications:
C++ and/or C# programming language skills
2 + years of software programming experience
Bachelors Degree or better in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or Software Engineering
US Citizenship is required.
Desired Qualifications:
Proven experience with software development techniques and tools (e.g., Clearcase, Visual Studio, Perforce, Unreal)
Knowledge of gaming programming
Experience with software testing and automation tools
Experience with Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence
Proven experience with C++ and C# software languages
Proven experience with software development on Windows
Knowledge of Operating Systems and secure development environments
Ability to operate complex test equipment
Demonstrated experience with hardware and related software/hardware interfaces
Demonstrated ability to investigate, resolve and track complex hardware/software interactions and problems and follow through to resolution
Demonstrated ability to implement requirements from design through integration
162916

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Tewksbury, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
208,Embedded Software Engineer II,-1,"***This position is for early career individuals who have less than 2 years of professional work experience and who will receive a degree during the current academic year or who received their degree within the last 18 months.***

Overview:
Raytheon Missiles and Defense (RMD) is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense, security and civil markets where youll be part of a global team working together to solve some of the most demanding challenges on the planet. We are the world's largest developer, producer and integrator of weapon systems. In fact, we've produced over one million missiles in our history. Military forces in more than 50 countries look to us for a high-quality product portfolio that includes missiles, smart munitions, projectiles, kinetic kill vehicles and directed energy weapons. We are able to accomplish this feat because our employees live our Values of Trust, Respect, Collaboration, Innovation and Accountability. Diversity is a part of our culture and a key to our success. When world-class talent works together in a place that is respectful and inclusive, we solve some of the world's hardest problems.

We know that a diverse company is a strong company. The people of Raytheon Technologies come from different backgrounds. We value our different perspectives and styles of tackling the worlds most complex challenges and toughest threats. Through Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), our employees are empowered to impact business results, build professional networks, advocate for causes that matter to them and contribute to their local communities. Diversity of thought is critical to the future of innovation. We leverage these unique voices to generate solutions toward a united and singular purpose: to define the future of aerospace.

Job Description:
The Software Products Engineering (SPE) organization develops flight software applications, including integration and test on missiles, launchers, fire control and other complex systems. Our precision software and firmware integrates operating systems, device drivers, networking, and control software to bring together sensor, guidance, and flight control processing features to complete the mission. Our engineers design, develop, and build innovative solutions for the U.S. Government. Experience all aspects of a software development life-cycle as a member of a fast-paced agile team on the leading edge of:
Real-time systems design
Digital signal processing
Machine Learning and Autonomous Systems
Cyber Security
DevOps technologies and methods
We encourage curious, creative problem solvers to join our team of bright, dedicated software craftspeople in designing and implementing highly innovative systems. You will learn advanced software engineering practices and apply new technologies to develop next generation capabilities and help keep our country safe.

As an entry-level Software Engineer, you will:
Assist and participate in the research, design, development and testing of real-time embedded software, firmware, and tools, to include development of new work products or enhancement of existing applications and systems
Design, code, test, integrate and document software solutions
Participate in internal review of software components and systems
Collaborate with project leaders and other professionals within Engineering
Work on problems with defined scope, schedule and expectations
Follow established development practices and processes to maintain the configuration management of software products
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Required Education/Skills:
Master of Science or Master of Arts degree in Computer Engineering or Software Engineering; or
Master of Science or Master of Arts degree in a related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) discipline (such as Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Systems Engineering, Math or Physics) with experience with C, C++, or Java
Must be either currently pursuing degree or degree must have been granted in the last 18 months
U.S. Citizenship is required
Desired Skills:
College coursework covering modern software languages (such as C, C++, or Java)
1 year or more of calculus, physics and computer science studies that include assembly level programming
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Knowledge of systems software design, operating systems and architectures
ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. 3.0 cumulative GPA desired
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures
Demonstrated ability to work with colleagues who represent a diversity of work and conflict resolution styles
Location:
This position is located in beautiful Tucson, AZ. Tucson has a friendly,caring and laid-back atmosphere, combined with the innovation and energy of ametropolitan region and recognized as one of Americas 10 Best Small Cities. Surrounded by beautiful mountains, colorful Sonoran Desert landscape andmajestic saguaro cacti, Tucson is blessed with some of natures best work.Tucson is known for its bright blue skies, and with more than 310 sunny days peryear, Tucsons fantastic weather lets residents enjoy the outdoors year-round.

Benefits:
Full-time and Part-time opportunities are available
Student Loan Repayment Contribution Program
Paid Parental Leave
Educational Assistance
9/80 work schedule Every other Friday off
Onsite Wellness Program Health Screenings/Flu Shots
401K Savings & Investment Plan
Paid Time Off
Rstars is an enterprise-wide recognition program that allows you to give and receive thanks for notable and exceptional performance.
Clearance:
This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Non-US citizens may not be eligible to obtain a security clearance. The Defense Industrial Security Clearance Office (DISCO), an agency of the Department of Defense, handles and adjudicates the security clearance process. Security clearance factors include, but are not limited to, allegiance to the US, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations and drug involvement. Employment is contingent on other factors, including, but not limited to, background checks and drug screens. https://www.state.gov/m/ds/clearances/c10978.htm
*Please upload a copy of your most recent transcripts with your resume when applying to this requisition. Please include your cumulative GPA and projected graduation date on your resume. ***

167597

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Tucson, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
209,AppD Senior Demo Engineer - Remote/,-1,"AppD Demo Engineer


About Us

AppDynamics is an application performance monitoring solution that uses machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) to provide real-time visibility and insight into IT environments. With our leading AIOps solution, you can take the right action at exactly the right time with automated anomaly detection, rapid root-cause analysis, and a unified view of your entire application ecosystem, including private and public clouds. Using AppDynamics, you’ll finally align IT, DevOps, and the business around the information that helps you protect your bottom line and deliver detailed customer experiences at scale

About the Role


Do you love learning new technologies? Are you able to write code from scratch - but looking for something more than a typical development role? Are you intrigued by the ins and outs of different businesses and industries? If this sounds exciting to you, then consider this outstanding role. The Demo Engineer works in a diverse team environment with AppDynamics Product and Sales Enablement teams, to build demo solutions that enable our Sales, and Solution Engineers to innovate and deliver the best demonstrations of their careers.

In this hands-on role, you willl be working with a team of like minded engineers, and become a specialist on the AppDynamics platform, the value proposition of our end-to-end solution to our customers, and learn how to position our product in a sales environment.

Consider this your introduction to the AppDynamics Product, Sales, Engineering and Marketing organizations. Spend some time learning, and developing innovative solutions that highlight how AppDynamics delivers unique value, on top of some of the worlds most desired platforms and technologies; including Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Docker, Dynamic Web Applications, and more.

Responsibilities: Work with Sales Enablement team and Demo Architects to:
Understand customer goals and challenges.
Build proof-of-concept, microservice based, web and mobile applications.
Become an expert in the AppDynamics platform, end-to-end.
Develop demonstration preparation skills, as well as basic presentation skills.
Build upon your current full stack programming and scripting skills. *Must be able to write code from scratch.
Experience in one or more of the below technologies is required:
Application Performance Monitoring
AWS
Azure
Docker
Kubernetes
Networking
Experience in one or more of the below languages is required - *MUST be able to write code from scratch.
Node.js
Java
Golang
.Net
Python
PHP
C++
Additional Skills Required:

Solid understanding of web based platforms.
Ability to quickly pick-up new technologies and skillsets, as needed.
Knowledge of Cloud applications/platforms, relational databases and web technologies.
Strong verbal, presentation, and written communication skills.
Ability to multitask, prioritize, shift focus, and manage time effectively.
BS in CS/SE/EE/IS/MIS or related Engineering/Science program.
Writing self documenting code
Just a note


Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: AppDynamics does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any AppDynamics employee. AppDynamics will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of AppDynamics.

AppDynamics is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other unlawful factor. AppDynamics follows all applicable laws, including those regarding consideration of qualified applicants with criminal histories (such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance). If your disability makes it difficult for you to use this site, please contact talent@appdynamics.com. AppDynamics participates in E-Verify.

#appd_jobs
#LI-SS1",4.4,"AppDynamics
4.4",Florida,-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
210,Commercial HVAC Sales Engineer,-1,"Since 1987, Comfort Air Distributing has been a customer-focused Wholesale distributor of Rheem Heating and Air Conditioning products. With over 30 years in the business, we are dedicated to providing licensed HVAC and Plumbing contractors superior customer service. With 3 locations in Denver, Centennial, and Colorado Springs, we are proud to service the Colorado and Wyoming markets. Comfort Air is dedicated to the success of our HVAC and Plumbing Partners and committed to being a leader in our changing industry. We are pleased to offer a professional work environment with career advancement opportunities and personal development! We are looking for a *Commercial Sales Engineer* at our *Centennial, Colorad*o branch located at 15501 E. Fremont Drive, Centennial, CO, 80112.

We offer a wide range of benefits including:
Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits on the first day of hire!
PTO and Vacation accruals from Day 1
Paid Holidays
FREE Additional training through our company’s learning management system
401k with employer contributions
Employee Life Insurance
Voluntary Supplemental Insurance
Bereavement Pay
Employee Discounts
FREE Employee Events!
Promotions from within!
About the Role: *
The *Commercial Sales Engineer* is responsible for providing pre-sale and after sale support and promotes sales for commercial *HVAC* products. This role provides application assistance, product selection and value engineered solutions for the customer. This position provides established and generally accepted applicationpractice services for assigned commercial products, which may include plan reviewand value engineering solutions. This position serves as a primary contact for company sales force for product specifications, application, and product suitability.
Essential Job Duties*
Customer Interaction*
Provides prompt and professional customer service through timely customer interaction, problem resolution or escalation with effective and efficient follow-up.
Conducts personal interactions with customers representative of a company with strong, ethical standards.
Supports valued business relationships in all dealings with related departments aiming to resolve customer and other issues in a timely manner. Approaches peers and customers with a spirit of positive problem resolution.
General*
Provides application, installation, and equipment selection assistance on commercial packaged and split system products up to 25 ton, packaged make-up-air units, energy recovery ventilators, radiant heaters, duct furnaces, unit heaters, exhaust fans and other commercial equipment.
Provides application, installation, and selection assistance on Hydronic products.
Produces quotations for assigned products in a timely manner using company enterprise software. Provides submittal sheets, dimensional information, and technical information for equipment quoted.
Performs take-offs from blueprints for plan & spec jobs. Interprets specifications and matches them to products that company sells.
Configures equipment to meet job specifications using vendor software programs.
Performs joint sales calls with Territory Manager when needed.
Maintain commercial packaged and split systems inventory and pricing levels and apply for all applicable rebates.
Processes orders including changing status, procuring product, producing sign-off sheets, lining up deliveries, communicating with customers, branch delivery staff, and credit department.
Communicates with sales staff and/or customers for status reports on various job quotes.
Support*
Acts as the go-to contact for technical advice on commercial and applied products.
Provides application assistance in areas relating to commercial products and hydronics.
Provides technical support materials as required.
Maintains a technical library at the branch, consisting of product information, specs, installation, operation, and theory.
Maintains information for national and local codes. Interprets codes and recommends product.
Maintains proficiency with company computer systems in aspects related to job, such as data entry, messaging, call logs, data notations, queue updates, batching, or other job & office functions and requirements.
Preferred Job Requirements*
2-5 years’ experience with HVAC design, sales support, technical support and blueprint reading or related functions.
Minimum Job Requirements*
High School diploma or its GED equivalent
1-2 years’ experience with design, sales support, and technical support.
Ability to read a set of mechanical blueprints and interpret information such as building materials, insulation factors, and dimensions.
High degree of personal ethics, customer service, and commitment to safety.
Knowledge of MS Office applications as needed to satisfactorily perform work assignments – Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, SharePoint as well as have the ability to learn company enterprise systems as needed.
Aptitude for mathematical operations and numerical analysis.
Must be organized, able to prioritize, set and keep deadlines, change direction quickly, and adapt to various work environments easily.
Must be able to work independently and at times discreetly, use sound judgment, and make thoughtful decisions in a timely manner.
Must be able to communicate well interpersonally, written, and in group settings as well as have the ability to follow verbal and written instructions.
Must be able to work effectively in group settings through collaborative, solutions oriented, and win-win approaches.
Must be able to understand and abide by company policies and procedures.
Physical Requirements*
Office / Administrative
7-10 hours worked per day; up to 40-43 hours worked per week
Bending 1-3 hours per day
Lifting / carrying up to 10 pounds 0-1 hours per day
Reviewing documents 1-5 hours per day
Sitting 3-8 hours per day
Standing 3-6 hours per day
Using close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
Using fingers, hands, and arms to perform office / computer work 6-8 hours per day
Using hearing to talk, listen, and use phones 1-6 hours per day
Using office equipment - computers, phones, scanners, fax machines - 6-8 hours per day
Walking 3-6 hours per day
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $25,001.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
HVAC Experience: 3 years (Preferred)
Customer Support : 2 years (Preferred)
Management:
Ops Manager
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"COMFORT AIR DISTRIBUTING
5.0","Centennial, CO",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
211,Core Cloud Data Engineer,-1,"Cloudreach is the leading multi-cloud services provider. Our mission is to help companies navigate their unique journeys to the cloud and build new foundations for future growth. We're a team of multi-cloud natives with certifications across AWS, GCP and Azure. Businesses that work with Cloudreach adopt cutting-edge technologies to solve challenges and create new opportunities. Working exclusively on public cloud, we deliver unrivaled value for more than 1000 enterprise clients globally.

Behind our services are our Cloudreachers.

We pride ourselves on being the go-to destination for curious, talented, and driven people looking for unique work experiences to maximize their potential. We are passionate about asking questions, finding solutions, playing with the latest tools & technology, doing our lives' work, and having fun along the way. You can learn more about our innovative culture, global workforce, and Cloudy Values on our website.

We're not content with the status quo. We're here to do things better, and then do better things.

What team will you be on?

Joining the Data and Analytics team (DnA), you are part of the broader Cloud Professional Services team. You will form the core of Cloudreach's Data Engineering capability. We currently help customers of all shapes and sizes in their public Cloud Adoption journey, alongside infrastructure as code, DevOps automation and Operational governance experts.

What will your role be?

The purpose of a Cloud Data Engineer is to enable data scientists and analysts to gain insights into data by architecting and implementing data-driven cloud based solutions. At Cloudreach, they will be subject matter experts and will be responsible for the technical leadership for data ingestion and processing engagements. A good understanding of cloud platforms and prior experience working with big data tooling and frameworks is required.
Build technical solutions required for optimal ingestion, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using open source, AWS, Azure or GCP 'big data' frameworks and services.
Work with the product and software team to provide feedback surrounding data-related technical issues and support for data infrastructure needs uncovered during customer engagements / testing.
Understand and formulate processing pipelines of large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Working alongside the Cloud Architect and Cloud Enablement Manager to implement Data Engineering solutions
Collaborating with the customer's data scientists and data stewards/governors during workshop sessions to uncover more detailed business requirements related to data engineering
What are we looking for?
Has experience successfully implementing simple enterprise solutions using a vast range of data engineering technologies. Has experience deploying and using the services in a major cloud platform
Delivers - Significant code contributions to more complex components of ETL pipelines
Writes test, test cases, and code documentation with a high level of detail. Skill mastery in a few areas
Coding - Pushes back bad code and employs ETL best practices
Experience with object-oriented and/or functional programming languages, such as Python, Java and Scala
Experience with Machine Learning toolkits
Experience in building scalable end-to-end data ingestion and processing solutions
Good understanding of data infrastructure and distributed computing principles
Proficient at implementing data processing workflows using Hadoop and frameworks such as Spark and Flink
Good understanding of data governance and how regulations can impact data storage and processing solutions such as GDPR and PCI
Ability to identify and select the right tools for a given problem, such as knowing when to use a relational or non-relational database
Working knowledge of non-relational and row/columnar based relational databases
Stakeholder Management - Has guided & influenced customer stakeholders. Manages customer expectations on project deliverables. Aware of the customers political landscape beyond the technology. Clarifies and communicates internally customer objectives.
What are our perks?
Meaningful and impactful work opportunities at a pioneering, cutting edge cloud services provider
People-first mentality. We know that you and your mental health & wellbeing are #1. That's why we give you an uncapped holiday allowance (+ your birthday off!), employee assistance programs, and resources to support your mental health & wellbeing.
We embrace technologies that unlock agile & flexible ways of working. We respect our people to do their work when and how they work best. Work-life blend is a priority!
Our dynamic work environment enables autonomy while also promoting a sense of belonging to a global community
Opportunity for growth & development. Not only will you work alongside and learn from industry thought leaders, you will also be reimbursed for function-based certifications. We're multi-cloud and proud!
An inclusive workplace where varying backgrounds, ideas, and points of view are celebrated and the individual is respected, included and empowered to bring their whole self to work
Transparency in business updates & communications. Whether you're on the senior leadership team or a brand new employee, you're an integral part of the team and we'll make sure you know what's up
Recognition-rich company culture where daily wins are celebrated and individuals living out our values are applauded
We strive to remove barriers, eliminate discrimination and ensure equal opportunity through our transparent recruitment process. We are open to all groups of people without regard to age, disability, marital status, gender identity, race, colour, sexual orientation, religion, military status, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic.",3.4,"Cloudreach
3.4",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
212,Data Scientist,"$80k-$135k
(Glassdoor Est.)","E.W. Scripps is a company rich in media history focused on the future. We are one of the nation's largest independent TV station owners with 60 stations nationwide, and we are working to stay ahead of the ways in which people use technology to find news and information. Our commitment to the future means that discovery is commonplace, the status quo is challenged, iteration and collaboration are the norm and new ideas are welcome. Join a team of top performers and help shape the future of the most strategic and well positioned media company – E. W. Scripps. This position will be located in Cincinnati, OH or Washington, DC.

At Scripps, you’ll:
Have a complete modern data science/analytics software stack at your disposal.
Enjoy a broad scope of responsibility – with projects and questions from every part of the business and new businesses under consideration.
Know that your work will have an impact on key strategic decisions – changing and shaping the way we do business. This is why we are so selective in our hiring process.
Grow your talent with constant learning – with substantial investments in on-site and hands-on training and eLearning formats used to fill in the gaps.
Work on projects that are important and interesting to you – with focus on modern media and marketing strategies
Expand your horizons by attending and giving talks at conferences and professional networking opportunities with senior analytics professionals.
Become a leading expert in applied data science for media.
We are looking for someone who knows how to use the latest data analytics tools, will thrive in our fast-paced innovative environment, will deliver results and has the following experience and credentials.

Primary purpose:

The Data Scientist blends the skills of a business thinker with those of a data analyst: asking questions, turning data into knowledge, forming conclusions, and making recommendations that enable the company to innovate, differentiate itself from its competitors, work smarter, make better decisions, and enhance profitability. This individual will partner with the analytics team, analytics products and services director, business leaders and end users to be a change agent - teasing out the questions that are important to our business, and then use statistical analysis and data mining techniques to inform the answers and communicate conclusions both visually and in writing, along with recommendations and next steps. The Data Scientist will also participate in the creation and measurement of new business processes, tools, and products.

Key responsibilities:
Influence the course of the business as a trusted advisor to business leaders, users and clients, using data and analytics as a basis for better, more informed decision making
Creation of analytics and measurement roadmaps
Identify impactful choices or courses of action that drive value for the organization
Evaluate the big picture and solve business problems in addition to focusing on metrics
Influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating conclusions to cross-functional groups
Create automation applications to replace tasks for critical revenue generating teams decreasing time dedicated to non-revenue generating
Mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract useful business insights for a wide range of topics including product development and performance, market dynamics, consumer and audience knowledge, internal operations, and external research
Initial study design, acquisition of data, prototyping and production roll out
Ongoing tracking, monitoring, and periodic follow-up studies
Support the design and implement of reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights
Use software and other tools to develop analyses that identify patterns, influences, correlations, relationships, predictive factors, risk factors, and that provide better situational awareness
Creation of models, simulations, and optimization routines
Develop of data flows and acquisition strategies to facilitate the capture and sharing of data and analytics within the organization
Support the development of Scripps analytics products and services by providing input into product roadmaps
Be a positive force to cultivate a culture that is passionate about developing analytics as a business competency
Drive accountability for value recognition and business results
Create and contribute to a quality work environment that motivates team members to perform at their highest levels and positively affects employee and business partner relationships
Be a publicly visible presence, including creating communications and leading training sessions, advocating for the benefits of analytics in Scripps and the products/services of the analytics team
Education / work experience:
Bachelor's required, Masters preferred. Applied statistics, Computer Science, business analytics or a related field.
Minimum 3 years, 5+ years preferred, experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches apply to this requirement.
Experience and demonstrated success presenting complex analyses and final recommendations to business leaders and external clients.
Statistical method experience:
Analysis techniques such as marketing mix modeling, scenario modeling, pattern detection, A/B testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, agent-based modeling, ensemble models, collaborative filtering and other types of analysis
Software Proficiency:
Python, RapidMiner, R
Database skills (Snowflake, MySQL) experience preferred
Tableau
About Scripps:

The E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) advances understanding of the world through journalism. As the nation’s fourth-largest independent TV station owner, Scripps operates 60 television stations in 42 markets. Scripps empowers the next generation of news consumers with its multiplatform news network Newsy and reaches growing audiences through broadcast networks including Bounce and Court TV. Scripps runs an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps has held for decades to the motto, “Give light and the people will find their own way.”

As an equal employment opportunity employer, The E.W. Scripps Company and its affiliates do not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis on race, sex, sexual orientation, gender, color, religion, age, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, citizenship or national origin, and military membership or veteran status, or on any other basis which would be in violation of any applicable federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the company will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship for the company.

If interested, please apply at www.scripps.com/careers.

#LI-CH1

#GD-CH1",3.6,"The E.W. Scripps Company
3.6","Cincinnati, OH",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1878,Company - Public,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
213,Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer,"$76k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Homesite Insurance was founded in 1997 and was one of the first companies to enable customers to purchase home insurance directly online, during a single visit. Since then, we've continued to innovate rapidly to meet the needs of our customers and their changing expectations.

One thing that's stayed the same since our founding: our commitment to our customers, partners and employees.

Join us on our journey as we continue to grow into a powerful contender in the field of insurance.

Homesite Insurance Company is seeking an experienced, passionate and motivated, Data Scientist/ Business Intelligence Engineer, to provide strategic leadership in the areas of Insurance Operations. The ideal candidate must be able to make an immediate impact by working with stakeholders throughout the organization to plan and execute change to impact the bottom line. Their skill set will support the growth of the Commercial line of business by utilizing data to drive decisions that optimize operational results.

This role is part of our Operations Department, which is responsible for managing post sales processing and servicing activities to meet/exceed operational service level agreements in a cost effective manner. This department has business responsibility for policy processing, billing, claims processing, in-sourced and outsourced back office operations, service platform, and business ownership of call center technology platform and operations-based IT initiatives. The Operations Department drives continuous improvement in servicing capabilities through process and IT changes and partner with Underwriting, Finance, Claims, and IT.

The Data Scientist/Business Intelligence Engineer is a highly quantitative problem solver who loves to dig into different kinds of data and can confidently and successfully communicate their findings to stakeholders in different departments. They will act as a strategic change agent to drive the change management and adoption of key initiatives to support the growth of Homesite by leveraging enterprise data to model outcomes and create anomaly detection capabilities. The incumbent will work closely with Customer Service, Billing, Claims, Policy Operations, IT, KTC, Training and external vendors, developing solutions that optimize all areas of operations.

Responsibilities:

-Mine and analyze data from internal and external databases to drive optimization of operations, financial outcomes, customer experience and retention.

-Use statistical and machine learning/deep learning to build supervised, semi-supervised and unsupervised models per business needs.

-Ensure data quality throughout all stages of acquisition and processing, including areas such as data sourcing/collection, ground truth generation, normalization and transformation.

-Communicate proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions to drive business decisions.

-Work with other analysts and team members to translate models into business solutions and collaborate with other departments in the company when necessary.

-Interface with stakeholders and develop innovative approaches to communicate the value add of the models being built.

-Participate in the transfer of knowledge of methodologies and best practices to peers and colleagues through collaboration, mentoring, and formal presentation and consulting.

Required skills:

-Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative discipline.

-Three to five years business experience in statistical modeling, data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and applying data base queries.

-Proficiency in programming in Python, R and SQL.

-Ability to extract and clean data from a variety of structured and unstructured sources.

-Ability to drive both individual and team projects to completion.

-Demonstrated ability to work with executives, such as CEO, CFO, and CIO on strategic direction setting and decision making.

-Demonstrated ability to build relationships and accomplish goals across a highly matrixed organization.

-Clearly communicate complex findings to colleagues and external customers.

-Monitor the results of statistical models through the use of dashboards and ad hoc analyses.

#LI-TD1",3.1,"Homesite Group
3.1","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
214,Software Engineer III,"$61k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Konica Minolta Business Solutions U.S.A., Inc., a global Fortune 1000 company and one of Forbes 2017 Americas Best Large Employers, is transforming the way we all do business.

From smart office technology and information management to cloud, mobility and IT services, we have a rich history of creating the products and services necessary to drive innovation and make work possible from anywhere at any time. Our award-winning products and solutions help companies around the world move information faster, improve quality and productivity, enhance security and facilitate the sharing of information. We are proud that our portfolio leads the industry while exceeding environmental standards.

At Konica Minolta, you'll work for an amazing technology company with growth opportunities, great benefits and talented, passionate co-workers.
Position Description
The Senior Application Developer position is responsible for maintaining, enhancing, and growing applications developed by Konica Minolta's Solutions Engineering Center (SEC). Qualified candidates should have experience working with C, C++ on the latest Windows operating systems. In addition to a strong technical background, the ideal candidate should show the ability to think critically, gather information and problem solve in a team environment. This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to join a team that takes agile development seriously. As a member of a small team, the successful candidate will be able to play an important role in the evolution of Konica Minolta's Dispatcher Phoenix while working with the latest technologies.
Job Requirements
What we expect to see:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related degree concentration.
15+ years of Professional Software Development & programming experience in C/C++ with a focus on:
Design of long running server processes like event Loops / async scheduling, memory management and graceful termination.
Strong Knowledge of Networking Communication Protocols such as, HTTP, FTP, SMTP, TCP / IP and XMPP.
Experience with GNOME development tools and libraries such as, Glib, Gobject, Gio, Gmime, Pango and libsoup.
Experience with the Cairo, Windows Imagining Components (WIC), COM, DCOM and XmlLit.e
Working Knowledge of PowerShell, Lua, and/or SQL
Experience consuming Web APIs using JSON and SOAP.
Experience developing customer facing components and backend APIs.
Knowledge of TCP/IP networking.
Knowledge in .NET Framework 4.x, .NET Core Frameworks and C# programming language is plus.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Self-motivating and self-learning.
What we like to see:
Experience with Glib, GObject, GTK+, MinGW.
Experience in SQL, PowerShell, Node.js, Go, PHP.
Experience with Microsoft SQL Server, SQLite, Oracle, PostgreSQL, or MySQL.
Experience with Nuance OCR SDK or Abby OCR SDK is a plus.
Experience with GIT and Virtual Machines.
Knowledge of configuring and maintaining Microsoft Active Directory.
Knowledge of Printer Description Languages (PCL/PostScript).
Open source code you are proud of.

Konica Minolta Offers:
Outstanding benefits package (including medical, dental, vision, company-provided disability and life insurance)
401(k) plan with matching company contribution
Generous holiday and paid time off schedules
Tuition Assistance Program
Employee Referral Bonus Program
Ongoing professional development training
Visible, exciting work supporting sales of cutting edge technology and workflow solutions.
Join Konica Minolta and help drive innovation as we transform the Workplace of the Future.

Konica Minolta is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender identity, disability, alienage or citizenship status, marital status or partnership status, genetic information, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable law.",2.9,"Konica Minolta
2.9","Windsor, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,-1,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
215,Senior Engineer,"$55k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","British American Tobacco
Job Number: 28238

Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Modoral Brands, Inc.; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; Reynolds Brands, Inc.; and Vuse Stores LLC. This position is with American Snuff Company, LLC (4040).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.

Job Summary:

This position manages technical related projects, with emphasis on providing technical leadership for functional area or specific engineering field of expertise. The role proactively initiates and drives projects or segments of projects consistent with RAI strategic business and continuous improvement plans; develops project proposals, scopes, and implementation plans ensuring appropriate stakeholder participation and holistic process approach; and aligns with resources across the organization to ensure delivery of results. The role serves as a technical resource to broader organization, providing technical information, guidance, and engineering recommendations that support broader project initiatives and technical training requirements, and may lead or coordinate the work of others.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Demonstrated proficiency in functional processes, technology, and engineering practices.
Engage with internal business partners to ensure that technical decisions are based on the broad vision of the organization and achieve optimum results.
Develop and ensure appropriate timelines, milestones, cost estimates, and project objectives are achieved
Identify, evaluate, specify, and select appropriate technologies, vendors, and construction services consistent with short-term and long-term requirements
Assist with negotiations with third party suppliers and equipment manufacturers in the development, evaluation, coordination, and resolution of issues.
Ensure project evaluations and implementations are in line with economic, personnel, environmental, product quality, machine performance, and engineering related requirements.
Identify and drive innovative solutions to address business/process opportunities and issues.
Develops partnership with external vendors, agencies, suppliers, and service providers to drive business success and enhance effectiveness of processes.
Drives continuous improvement by identifying root cause of issues and implementing new methods or technology to enhance effectiveness and drive business success.
Manage capital projects including estimating, specifying equipment, controlling project costs and maintaining project timelines.
The role is approximately 80% execution, 20% strategic in nature.
Job Requirements:

Education
Sr. Engineer: Bachelor of Science Degree in Engineering or: Licensure as a Professional Engineer, with 2+ years of progressive experience.
Sr. Engineering Technologist: Associate Degree in Engineering or related field with 2+ years of progressive experience or; 5+ years of relevant progressive work experience in a technical field.
Experience
Previous experience with project management
Exposure to industry and technology trends in order to identify opportunities
Required Skills:
Analytical problem solving, and decision making skills
Understanding of engineering practices, standards, design principles, and environmental requirements
Knowledge of manufacturing and packaging of consumer goods
Project management skills with the ability to lead or support the execution of projects
Demonstrated ability to lead a cross functional team
Demonstrated ability to work efficiently, be pro-active, and communicate effectively with team members and management
Proficiency in computer skills (Microsoft Office Suite, etc.) and the ability to quickly learn new computer skills
Excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills
Demonstrated ability to perform with urgency
Preferred Skills:
Engineering experience within a regulated environment.
Proficiency in Computer Aided Design (CAD) applications.
Physical Requirements:
Regular attendance at work.
LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMER:

The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. The Company reserves the right to change or modify job descriptions and employee job duties. Requirements are representative of minimum levels of knowledge, skills and/or abilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee must possess the abilities or aptitudes to perform each duty proficiently. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform other job-related duties requested by their supervisor in compliance with Federal and State Laws.

Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Clarksville
Nearest Secondary Market: Nashville
Job Segment:
Manufacturing Engineer, Engineer, Construction, Drafting, CAD, Engineering",3.4,"Reynolds American
3.4","Clarksville, TN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1875,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
216,Mid-Level Data Scientist,-1,Job Description BTS is seeking a Mid Level Data Scientist to support NORTHCOM J2 in Colorado Springs CO Conducts data analytics data engineering data mining exploratory analysis predictive analysis and statistical analysis and uses scientific techniques to correlate data into graphical written visual and verbal narrative products enabling more informed analytic decisions Proactively retrieves information from various sources analyzes it for better understanding about the data set and builds AI tools that automate certain processes Duties typically include creating various ML based tools or processes such as recommendation engines or automated lead scoring systems Performs statistical analysis applies data mining techniques and builds high quality prediction systems Should be skilled in data visualization and use of graphical applications including Microsoft Office Power BI and Tableau; major data science languages such as R and Python; managing and merging of disparate data sources preferably through R Python or SQL; statistical analysis; and data mining algorithms Should have prior experience with large data Multi INT analytics ML and automated predictive analytics Requisite Skill Requirements Bachelor degree with 4 6 years of relevant subject matter experience or specialized training & 4 8 years subject matter experience or equivalent intelligenceacademic experience Senior level contractor personnel work independently with moderate Government oversight provide comprehensive and completed products that may require multiple Senior Intelligence AnalystOfficer SIASIO minor revisions andor editing and develop and manage plan of actions and milestones Additional duties as directed Demonstrates comprehensive mission knowledge and skills that affirms completion of all developmental training and experiences for the labor categoryDemonstrates ability to communicate understanding from information that may be incomplete indirect highly complex seemingly unrelated and or technically advanced Demonstrates ability to structure analysis based on trends in reporting and a range of analytic perspectives from other analysts organizations and intelligence disciplinesDemonstrates ability to work independently with minimal oversight and directionDemonstrates ability to collaborate and work with other IC members on information sharing driving collection and addressing analytic disputes and conflict resolutionDemonstrates ability to develop concise insightful and comprehensive products for defense intelligenceDemonstrates ability to lead teams in researching multifaceted or critical problems Provides guidance in selecting designing and applying analytic methodologies Uses argument evaluation and validated analytic methodologies to challenge differing perspectivesDesired Experience At least 8 years of experience conducting analysis relevant to the specific labor category with at least a portion of the experience within the last 2 yearsDesired Education Bachelors degree in an area related to the labor category from a college or university accredited by an agency recognized by the US Department of EducationCompany Overview BTS Software Solutions is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business who are community focused innovators who transform ideas into technology to serve people We recognize that innovation is only valuable when applied towards a needed solution Technology has no value without the hard work to turn ideas into reality Our roots are in helping save Soldiers lives through technology We bring that ethos to serving our community We create solutions that touch peoples lives products to communicate to connect companies with customers to stay informed to save lives and to enhance lives We have a small company persona with a large company ethos and capabilities; we create elegant solutions for complex problems that will enrich peoples lives We offer one of the best benefits packages in the industry Competitive health benefits package PTO 401K matching and vested from day one to name just a few of our benefits and perks BTS Software Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer EOE All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age race creed color religion sex national origin ancestry disability status veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression genetic information marital status citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal state or local law,4.9,"BTS Software Solutions
4.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
217,Cloud Architecture Engineer,-1,"AbleVets, A Cerner Company, provides healthcare information technology services and resources to help the VA and DoD improve the lives of the people they serve. AbleVets has an opportunity for an experienced, motivated Cloud Architecture Engineer to support our customer. This position is on site at our customers facility in Charleston, SC.

The Cloud Architecture Engineer will support a large government program by serving as the SME in support of network, loT, IT, and security planning, cloud security, network design and hosting environment implementation. The ideal candidate will also Provide guidance, program plans, security engineering and framework support for Software Assurance, Mobile Device Security (Mobility), Remote Access Solutions, and Personal Identity Verification (PIV). Duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Provide expertise on computer engineering and computer systems analysis
Support the development of an Enterprise wide Security Architecture and the design of a security model
Assess network and systems optimizations and vulnerabilities for executive level decisions
Analysis of security services (Infrastructure, application, Identity) of existing and planned Cloud infrastructures (IaaS, PaaS)
Identify gaps in security services
Assist in the security engineering reviews of solutions, projects and programs for operational and developmental systems that are being researched, designed and reviewed
Provide recommendations and guidance on secure baseline configurations, such as the Defense Information Security FAA (DISA) Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG), and support identification, development, and documentation of deviations from these baseline configurations for all assets, including network devices, desktops, and mobile devices

Bachelor's degree and eight (8) years of experience required. An additional six (6) years of relevant experience may be substituted for degree requirement.
Active Top Secret Government Clearance
Must obtain the following certifications within 90 days of hire:
8570 IAT Level II
OS certification (MCSE or CCDP equivalent is preferred).
DoD 8140 Category – CSSP Incident Responder
Experience with network design and migration
Experience with RedHat Enterprise administration to include detailed knowledge of application deployment and troubleshooting procedures as well as familiar with standard RHEL services
Experience supporting RMF accreditation and assessment of systems to continue maintaining and renewing ATOs
Experience reviewing technical requirements and translating concepts to business language.
Experience providing high-level design and architecture drawings, technically validating solutions and connecting business, data, security, systems, and other technical and non-technical architectures
Experience developing SW/IT solutions to complex technical problems regarding integration and deployment of large-scale systems
Experience with Windows Server administration to include detailed knowledge of Active Directory and other core Windows services
Experience implementing DISA STIG requirements for Microsoft and Linux operating systems, services and applications
Experience with Data at Rest, envelope security procedures and methodologies, HSDP 12, and pattern of life
Experience evaluating technical gaps or deficiencies and identifying as obstacles to achieving the organizations vision.
Experience evaluating business processes to document and recommending improvements to again efficiencies
Experience leading or supporting projects related to IT Architecture, Engineering and Security Operations
Experience leading teams
Experience with performing root cause analysis, risk identification, and risk mitigation
Experience presenting to clients using multiple platforms (MS PowerPoint, Word, Visio)
Ability to take a leadership role conducting evaluations and analysis of the current security architecture and coordinating meetings with key stakeholders across the enterprise to create consensus for the desired end-state architecture.
Ability to work in a dynamic environment and respond to change quickly
Ability to work in a team environment and produce work products independently
Ability to develop standard operating procedures and project documentation for systems, services and applications
Able to documents and implements change requests; evaluate change requests for potential impacts.
Able to maintain, update VMware infrastructure, guests and gold image templates
Able to perform light programming/scripting to support automation
Familiarity with open architecture principles and cyber security architecture principles that achieve cybersecurity framework goals
Must be able to travel as necessary, up to 10%
Preferred/Desired Skills:
Bachelor’s degree or higher from accredited university/technical college in Engineering, Cybersecurity, Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related scientific or technical discipline
Certifications Preferred:
CISSP
CISM
CIS
OSCP
AWS Solutions Architect
Master's Degree preferred but not required
Five (5) years of Network experience design and migration experience
Five (5) years of experience with RedHat Enterprise administration to include detailed knowledge of application deployment and troubleshooting procedures as well as familiar with standard RHEL services
Five (5) years' experience supporting RMF accreditation and assessment of systems to continue maintaining Understanding of key IT/Cybersecurity concepts (Network Security, Security Operations & Administration, Incident Response & Recovery, Identity and Access Management, Vulnerability Management etc.
Experience with MI Systems (NSA NET, JWICS, or Army Gold)
Expertise with networks such as NIPR, SIPR, JWICS and/or NSANet.
Experience supporting government customers in secure environments, familiarity of Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) operating standards and applicable guidelines
Cloud Security and loT experience
Experience with Cloud Services in the Federal sector (Google Apps, Amazon Web Services, etc.)
Familiarity with Artificial Intelligence (Al) and Machine Learning (ML) concepts.

AbleVets LLC appreciates your interest in our company as a place of employment. We are proud to be an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and are committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other protected class. AbleVets is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.",3.4,"AbleVets
3.4","Charleston, SC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
218,Operating System/Gaming Support - Senior Software Engineer,-1,"Would you like to use your software development skills on an agile team, developing training software that combines virtual and physical simulations?

Do you like being involved in the entire software development environment starting from the operating system?

If so, we have an opportunity for you in our Patriot Fielded Systems and Validation Department in Tewksbury, Massachusetts on the Patriot Multi-Echelon Training (PMET) & Patriot Maintenance Training (PMT) software development team. Patriot is the world's pre-eminent air defense system, and we are currently developing Patriot training software in support of new system capabilities. Successful candidates will work with a team of software and systems engineers to develop and test these new capabilities. We strive for technical excellence by drawing upon a diverse workforce whose knowledge base covers the complete spectrum of modern computer languages and platforms.

As a Senior Software Engineer II, you will be an integral part of the Patriot PMET & PMT software team, and will be involved in:
Development, integration, test, and user support of a Windows-based, first person military computer simulation used to train maintenance procedures for the Patriot Fielded System. The deliverable PMET & PMT products provide a mix of virtual and physical simulators to be used in a classroom setting. You will learn how to configure the operating system to maximize the performance and integrity of the Patriot Training software. You shall be able to contribute to the entire software life cycle of Requirements, Design, Code, Unit Test, Integration and System Test.

The team works in a scrum development facility located in Tewksbury, MA. The job requires a well-disciplined engineer who is able to thrive in a dynamic environment and is able to work well in a team.

U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as within one year of employment.

Job Responsibilities:
Maintain, debug and fix problems with Patriot PMET & PMT applicationsSupport generation of documentation to include: software design artifacts, requirements documentation and problem reportsSupport integration efforts, for which travel may be requiredSome off-hours activities associated with software development and test will be necessaryWill work on all phases of software development lifecycle, tools, and methodologies Convert software requirements and specifications into logical design artifacts, development of software code, unit testing of code, and analysis of software defectsDetermine failure root cause, develop, design and implement solutionsAnalyze system performance vs. technical requirements, research and make Software/Systems improvement recommendations

Basic Qualifications:
C++ and/or C# programming language skills
6 + years of software programming experience
Bachelors Degree or better in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or Software Engineering
US Citizenship is required.
Desired Qualifications:
Proven experience with software development techniques and tools (e.g., Clearcase, Visual Studio, Perforce, Unreal)
Knowledge of gaming programming
Experience with software testing and automation tools
Experience with Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence
Proven experience with C++ and C# software languages
Proven experience with software development on Windows
Demonstrated ability to implement requirements from design through integration
Ability to recommend improvements of processes, systems, and/or products
Knowledge of Operating Systems and secure development environments
Ability to operate complex test equipment
Demonstrated experience with hardware and related software/hardware interfaces
Demonstrated ability to investigate, resolve and track complex hardware/software interactions and problems and follow through to resolution
Leadership Skills
Ability to provide guidance, coaching, and training to other employees within the job area
165871

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Tewksbury, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
219,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"Senior Data Scientist
Location/City: Any US location (offices in Atlanta, GA and Playa Vista, CA)

Responsibilities
We are looking for a sharp, highly-motivated Senior Data Scientist to join our team. This is a high-impact role that will leverage data & analytics to derive insights from our Members’ data and make recommendations to help improve their financial wellbeing. You will collaborate with product, and engineering as well as executive stakeholders to create analytical solutions to help achieve business goals. An ideal candidate is an individual who has a deep background in statistics, analysis, experiment design, and can bring those skills to bear in a start-up environment. A strong understanding and hands-on ability with data science technology and infrastructure is important as well.
As the Senior Data Scientist, you will:
Work with large volumes of bank transactions to create proprietary intelligence about the nature of employment and earnings for our Members
Help build out our job recommendation engine to aid our Members in finding new or additional work to increase their income
Help drive a data-first culture where data is understood and leveraged in decision making
Collaborate with the data science team and CDO to define the technical strategy for Steady’s data science ecosystem
Develop and codify processes and best practices for modeling, testing, and analytics
Effectively balance short term delivery with long term direction and value
Advocate for data science innovation and increased contribution to Steady’s mission

Skills & Requirements
Advanced degree and relevant experience (MS + 5 years, PhD + 3 years) in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or similar field
Demonstrated experience creating production ML pipelines (training, scoring, leveraging in real-time systems)
Expert knowledge of modern machine learning algorithms (regression, classification, random forests, clustering, optimization, etc.) and statistical inference
Experience with bank or credit card transaction data preferred
Experience with NLP and textual data analysis is a plus
Demonstrated experience of efficient manipulation and storage of large datasets
Hands on experience and expertise with SQL, Spark, Python (preferred) or R
Experience with machine learning platforms Sagemaker/Databricks a plus
Strong data visualization skills (experience with Tableau preferred)
Familiarity and experience with the AWS data ecosystem (S3, AWS Glue, EMR, etc.)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of the organization
Comfortable working with distributed teams across multiple offices and timezones
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, high-energy environment


Benefits
We value our Steady Team Members and are committed to their success. We are located in downtown Atlanta near MARTA, as well as in Playa Vista CA. We offer competitive compensation packages and a 100% company-paid benefits package including medical, dental, and vision. Steady is a relaxed, casual work environment with flexible hours and lunch provided once weekly in addition to a weekly meal stipend. We also offer a generous PTO plan, 401K, and future growth opportunities within the company. We strive to maintain a positive and fun environment for our employees where people can learn and grow with the company.
About Steady
Steady is a mission-driven business that helps people earn more. Through the free Steady app users can build & track income, networks, and buying power – allowing them to augment retirement savings, work around childcare responsibilities, pay down debt, save for purchases, and supplement their income from primary employers, while limiting their income volatility and better positioning themselves for access to a sustainable financial services ecosystem.
Every Steady member will build something different. We celebrate those who take the initiative to create a path that works for them. Whatever that looks like, Steady is there to support it, providing a stable foundation that allows people to build financial success over a lifetime.

Mission: Steady turns the tables by putting workers back in charge of their financial future with an income-building platform that creates financial stability and helps its users to take charge of their future.

For more information, visit us at www.steadyapp.com or on Twitter @TheSteadyApp.

Steady, Platform Inc. (Steady) is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer – All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual’s age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Steady accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Steady employees, Steady hiring manager, or send to any Steady facility. Steady is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.",4.0,"Steady
4.0","Atlanta, GA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
220,Staff Data Scientist,-1,"We are a company of passionate individuals striving to improve healthcare and patient experiences. Our evidence-based medical content and software tools empower both payers and providers to make the best decisions for patients. Our work makes a difference in the quality of care that hundreds of thousands of patients receive each day and we're proud of our positive impact.

MCG Health's Data Science Solutions Team is responsible for building, delivering, evolving and operating the company's Data Science Solutions. These solutions empower doctors, nurses and patients to make the best decisions for health outcomes and quality of life factors valued by patients. The primary purpose of the Senior Data Scientist is to provide thought leadership and pragmatic technical leadership to the Data Science Solutions group and their use of AI, Data Science, Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing Technologies.

In this role you will:
Collaborate with business, product, technical stakeholders and team members to deliver innovative solutions that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of healthcare delivery
Be an expert on problems that matter to MCG's markets / clients, and propose approaches to leverage data, AI / ML / NLP / DS technologies and MCG's assets to address these problems
Contribute to establishing a team environment of collaboration, excellence and innovation
Provide thought leadership regarding the continually advancing state of the art of readily available AI technologies and cloud-based services that are relevant to MCG products and solutions
Contribute to establishment and evolution of methodologies for development and maintenance of data science models, to ensure effective usage and rapid, continuous improvement
Contribute to technology choices (build, buy, use open source) to support rapid experimentation and development of data models that can be readily transitioned to production
Collaborate with DSS and/or MCG software engineering leadership to deploy platforms to support data ingestion from internal and external sources, and to deploy platforms to support continuous transformation of successful models into production usage
Partner with MCG technical leadership team to ensure compliance with security, privacy (HIPAA), regulatory and other obligations
Represent MCG's Data Science Solutions group, products and technologies to business and technical stakeholders at client companies and industry groups / associations
We'd love to hear from you if:
You have a minimum 5 years experience working with AI technologies
You have demonstrated experience building one or both of: Predictive / classification models using Machine Learning techniques, NLP systems using Deep Learning, or other techniques
You have demonstrated experience delivering successful ML and/or NLP solutions to the marketplace is required.
You have demonstrated experience working with software engineers to design and deliver Data Science platforms and tooling for use by a Data Science team is required; this may include creating such a platform from the ground up or successful configuration / deployment / usage of third-party platforms augmented by internally built tooling as needed
You have demonstrated experience with cloud-based data science services
You have demonstrated experience mentoring and providing technical leadership for data science model experimentation, and ongoing enhancement / evolution of solutions
You have demonstrated the ability to think ""outside the box"" and identify business problems appropriate to usage of AI / ML / NLP / DS techniques is required
You have demonstrated proficiency with lean system development practices successfully applied to deliver business value at sustainable velocity
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity, and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. It is only with diverse thoughts and ideas that we'll be able to create the change we want in healthcare. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be for it.",4.6,"MCG Health
4.6",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
221,Operations Research Engineer,"$60k-$82k
(Employer Est.)","The Schneider organization has an opportunity to join our award-winning TECH team as an Operations Research Engineer. In this role, you will use state of the art operations research and machine learning tools and techniques to analyze client operations and develop practical solutions to tackle business problems. This position will allow you to make an impact on multiple projects, independently and on a team, to achieve committed objectives. To learn more about this role, take a look below and apply today.

About the role:


You will develop an understanding of clients' business operations and create optimization models and technical approaches for their business needs
You will collect and integrate business information and data into appropriate models and tools to support the development of solutions
You will effectively communicate technical engineering solutions and results into appropriate business language for clear client understanding through proposals, statements-of-work, project logs and presentations
You will enjoy a strong work/life balance as an associate that includes paid vacation and holidays along with paid personal time off. You will also have access to medical, dental, and vision insurance and enjoy our company-paid life insurance and 401(k) savings with a company funded retirement plan. Schneider values individual development and offers a wide variety of opportunities through company-paid training and more than 170 personal development courses. What are you waiting for? You will love it here!

You will need:


A PhD degree in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Mathematics or related field or Master Degree plus two years of relevant experience required
Deep understanding of transportation and logistics, warehousing concepts, and data analysis
To build effective business rapport with clients, peers and associates
Basic knowledge of mathematical optimization modeling, linear programming solution techniques
Working knowledge of optimization libraries such as ILOG Concert, DoCPLEX or Gurobipy; as well as Java and/or Python
Ability to understand and learn industry modeling languages such as AMPL, GAMS, Mosel
Company Overview:


Schneider is a premier provider of transportation and logistics services. Our legacy started in 1935 with one man, one truck and one dream. Since then, we’ve grown and evolved to become a $5 billion company (2018 revenue) with one of the broadest portfolios of services in the industry delivering superior customer experiences.

The Schneider Way:


We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with integrity, dignity and respect.
We are a desirable employer due to our dedication to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships.
We are a responsible member of the community.
Core Values:


Safety-first and always
Integrity in every action
Respect for all
Excellence in all that we do
Rise to the challenge and become a part of the Schneider family. Be the difference with a leader in an industry that impacts the world. Apply today at http://www.schneiderjobs.com.

Schneider is an equal opportunity employer.",3.2,"Schneider
3.2","Green Bay, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1935,Company - Public,Transportation Management,Transportation & Logistics,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
222,Sr. Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"About Alpha Health
We’re on a mission to remedy the financial complexity crippling healthcare in America.

Our aim is to organize and use all healthcare information to reduce the cost of care and improve the patient experience.

As the first Unified Automation company for healthcare, we use the same machine learning approaches that made driverless cars possible to provide health systems with a single solution for revenue cycle management. Alpha Health’s Unified Automation brings together the best of people, data and technology to efficiently, accurately and autonomously navigate the complex state of medical reimbursement in the United States.

We are growing rapidly:
- The contracting process in healthcare typically averages nine months. Yet, in less than 12 months time, the team has landed multiple provider clients of all sizes across the US.
- The team has also deployed at several of these customers, providing meaningful and measurable value within 90 days.

We’ve built a cross-functional skill set deep into the DNA of the company. We have technology experts from the top Silicon Valley technology companies (Google, Facebook, etc) and machine learning PhD programs (Stanford, etc). We also have senior leaders from the frontlines of healthcare with decades of experience leading teams of medical billers at some of the most prominent healthcare institutions in the US. And we have a deep bench of talent from healthcare services firms like the Advisory Board, Optum and Triage Consulting.

Our founding team includes Silicon Valley leaders who have founded or been founding team members of multiple companies with successful exits, including in excess of $350 million.

We are expanding our team to support our work with existing customers as well as new customers. If you love to execute, we’d love to hear from you.

Alpha Health is based in South San Francisco. As a company we embraced remote work opportunities before COVID-19. We consider ourselves experts in working collaboratively wherever our team members happen to reside.

As part of the ML team you will work alongside machine learning PhDs from top schools (e.g., Stanford), as well as experienced machine learning engineers from top companies (e.g., Google). You will be putting machine learning into practice, so your code directly affects our customers immediately. You will be working with large proprietary medical and clinical datasets containing both structured documents, natural language and images.

What You'll Do
· Participate in developing state-of-art machine learning solutions to address large scale healthcare problems
· Design and build pipelines that collect, preprocess, and deliver data with a measurable quality
· Write production-ready software with fast and efficient algorithms
Skills & Qualifications
· Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent (Master's a plus) and/or relevant practical work experience
· 5+ years of work experience in machine learning or data engineering
· Must have experience launching production systems from the ground up
· Strong proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python and C++
· Hands-on development experience with big data technologies such as SQL and AWS/Cloud Platform
· Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as Scikit-Learn, Keras, Tensorflow
· Full-stack development experience for an end to end machine learning solution preferred
· Experience with Natural Language Processing or Computer Vision a plus
· Strong communication and interpersonal skills with meticulous attention to detail",5.0,"Alpha Health
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
223,"Associate Automation Engineer, Innovation Division","$48k-$75k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Headquartered in Modesto, CA, G3 Enterprises has been supplying the wine and spirits industry for over 50 years. As a single source packaging solution, its products and services include labels, stock and custom closures, warehousing, transportation, bottle etching, and mobile bottling.

The Associate Innovation Engineer assists in developing research strategies and executes automation and engineering projects and experiments. The focus of this position is to use technical expertise to recommend digital transformation projects that provide customers with critical insights allowing them to make informed decisions. Responsible for designing and conducting experiments that generate the knowledge required to commercialize the projects and supporting the commercial launch of completed research projects. Responsible for completing projects and experiments, including the delegation of work to cross functional team members, as necessary. Further, responsible for participating in and supporting the innovation team’s strategic planning process. This technical-track position provides advancement opportunity along the technical or management ladder.

Essential Functions
Seeks and acts on opportunities to develop and apply scientific and engineering solutions to improve commercial processes by reducing costs, waste, and improving product/service quality.
Participates in decision making regarding research/innovation priorities of the company and provides feedback to team regarding project feasibility.
Creates project plans, designs experiments and leads experiments to completion.
Provides support for the launch of new products and services with G3 Operations, Marketing, Sales, Supplier Development, and other functional groups along with partner companies, as necessary.
Recommends and plans research schedule in collaboration with senior staff to meet company’s timetable.
Establishes routines necessary to meet project timetable.
Performs work on projects with both short to long term foci.
Conducts testing that includes extensive planning, personal oversight, and detailed documentation.
Identifies and implements collaborative opportunities that result in mutual benefits.
Works with both internal and external stake holders to facilitate goals, communicate status, and align on expectations.
Maintains awareness of cutting-edge developments in chemical compositions/reactions, package formats, packaging techniques and digital technologies.
Maintains integrity of G3 intellectual property and trade secrets.
Identifies and recommends opportunities to strengthen G3 Enterprises’ chemistry, engineering, processing, data generation, data collection and advanced predictive modeling skills.
Prepares reports and presentations, effectively and professionally communicates findings to a broad audience including senior management, scientists and non-scientists
Maintains satisfactory attendance, to include timeliness.
Responsible for understanding and complying with applicable quality, environmental and safety regulatory considerations. If accountable for the work of others, responsible for ensuring their understanding and compliance.
Minimum Qualifications
High school diploma or State-issued equivalency certificate.
Bachelor’s degree in Automation and Systems Integration Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Food Process Engineering, Biochemical Engineering, or Chemical Engineering
Computer skill requirements include MS Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint or equivalent programs.
Required to lift and move up to 50 pounds.
Preferred Qualifications
Master of science degree.
4 years of experience in a commercial or manufacturing environment reflecting increasing levels of responsibility; Other technical disciplines may be considered depending on prior digital transformation experience.
Experience with reading and interpreting complex scientific and engineering documents.
Experience in wireless communication, sensors, automation, advanced process modeling, data mining, and simulation is highly desirable.
Experience in dealing with a variety of abstract and concrete concepts leading to a working knowledge of products, systems, and services.
Experience with cyber-physical systems, cloud and edge computing, big data, or AI and machine learning.
Experience working independently, leading technical projects, and interfacing with internal and external technical teams.
Experience with reading and interpreting complex scientific and engineering documents.
Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, sit and taste or smell. The employee is occasionally required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel, reach with hands and arms, climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl.

Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employees are occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts, high, precarious places, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

EEO/AA M/F/Vet/Disability",3.8,"G3 Enterprises
3.8","Modesto, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Miscellaneous Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
224,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Job Summary*
We are looking for a Machine Learning (ML) Engineer to help us create artificial intelligence products for Research and Development in the Medical Field. ML Engineer responsibilities include creating machine learning models and retraining systems. Transform Data Science prototypes to production-grade solutions. Responsible for implementing various algorithms for automated feature extraction, dataset augmentation, optimizing runtimes of neural network algorithms, and building higher level abstractions for various common AI/ML techniques.
Responsibilities: *
Study and transform data science prototypes
· Design, code and deploy machine learning systems capable of processing large volumes of data
Design and develop machine learning systems to create, train and deploy ML models
Develop machine learning applications according to requirements
Establish reusable data processing pipelines to enable rapid re-training and iteration through different ML methodologies
Select appropriate datasets and data representation methods
Design experiments and analysis methodologies that are statistically rigorous
Run machine learning tests and experiments
Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results
· Tailor and deploy software tools, processes and metrics

· Serve as a subject matter expert
Requirements: *
· Proven experience as a ML Engineer or similar role

· Experience with supervised, unsupervised, reinforcement learning algorithms

· Understanding of data structures, data modeling and software architecture

· Knowledge of ML frameworks such as Keras/Tensorflow/Theano/PyTorch and libraries (like scikit-learn)
Keep abreast of developments in the field
· Ability but to write robust code in Python, Java or equivalent modern programming language

· Proficiency in SQL, big data technologies and working with large data sets

· Works independently, able to manage multiple projects simultaneously

· Deep curiosity and a demonstrated ability to craft original solutions

· Highly communicative with collaborators and managers

· Proactive in seeking opportunities for innovation

· Ability to deal with ambiguity and deliver results in a fast-paced environment

· Dedicated and Self-Motivated

· Team collaboration and strong written and verbal communication skills

· Ownership and urgency across all responsible projects

· Proficient in Calculus, Statistics, and Linear Algebra

· Ability to work with cross-functional team to turn ideas into working solutions
Education & Experience: *
Requires Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Equivalent
2-5 years verifiable employment using requirements above. May substitute internships and projects for years of experience.
3-5 years Software Development Experience is preferred
1-2 years Networking Experience is preferred
Benefits*
· Competitive Pay

· Health, Dental & Retirement

· Continuing Education available
Salary*
· DOE

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 1 year (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)",-1,Ophthalmology Specialists of Texas,"Abilene, TX",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
225,Principal R&D Software Engineer,"$77k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

Headline: Pushing the boundaries of what's possible gives my work purpose.

About the role:

Our Research and Development team is all about building the future of the operating room and office for urology patients and clinicians. As a Principal R&D Software Engineer, you'll be at the heart of that mission, developing best-in-class capital systems and software as part of our comprehensive portfolio of solutions. In return for your unique combination of big-picture perspective, ability to execute rigorously, and strong desire to win in the marketplace you'll be a trusted leader collaborating with some of most dynamic minds in the business. All in an environment that encourages people to take measured risks, learn from mistakes, and push the boundaries of engineering.

Key responsibilities:
Leading software architecture, implementation, integration, and testing for complex, connected electronic medical equipment (“capital”) systems and systems-of-systems.
Establishing best-practices for medical device software development and recruitment within the growing business franchise.
Producing maintainable code and technical documentation.
Collaborating with cross-functional and cross-divisional experts in a wide range of fields to solve complex engineering and business challenges.
Translating highly technical results into easily understood recommendations that will influence senior stakeholders.
Managing third party designers, vendors, and contractors to deliver high quality engineering solutions at an accelerated pace.
What we’re looking for in you
10+ years software development in lead roles, preferably in medical devices or a regulated industry with a proven track record of deployment in commercial products.
B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent with appropriate experience (Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, etc.). Masters preferred.
Experience defining and implementing APIs and communication protocols for control and operation of instrumentation.
Multithreaded application development that includes testing and debugging C/C++ on Linux.
Experience working within an Agile software development environment.
Experience in modern Source Code Management (SCM) tools such as git or AccuRev.
Experience in Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) software practice in a regulated environment.
Experience working within a quality system, IEC and ISO standards relevant to medical device software lifecycle and risk management (i.e. IEC 62304).
Experience with filesystems, concurrency, multithreading, server architectures, and distributed systems (e.g. AWS, IoT).
Experience with network protocols (TCP, UDP, TLS/SSL, HTTP) and web services (e.g. REST).
Working knowledge of software security and data privacy best practices and risk management.
Passion for understanding and solving problems for end users, with an ability to translate into software requirements, design, and test specifications.
Passion for developing talent, mentoring, and building high-performance teams.
Track record of strong cross-functional collaboration, influence without authority, and project management enabling highly effective project teams.
Proven self-starter who runs towards critical issues, ambiguous requirements, or loosely defined challenges with a demonstrated ability to rally teams to achieve business results.
Comfortable debugging complex integrated systems spanning hardware, embedded and application software in medical devices.
Familiarity with deployment of AI models using platforms such as Amazon Sagemaker, Google Cloud AI Platform, or Azure Machine learning studio a plus.
Familiarity with application of data engineering, data science, and database management a plus.
Familiarity with computer vision toolkits (e.g. OpenCV) a plus.
Experience in algorithm development and deployment using hardware specific hardware platforms such as GPU-accelerated programming, FPGAs, or microcontrollers a plus.
Travel: 10%
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Boston Scientific maintains a drug-free workplace. Pursuant to Va. Code § 2.2-4312 (2000), Boston Scientific is providing notification that the unlawful manufacture, sale, distribution, dispensation, possession, or use of a controlled substance or marijuana is prohibited in the workplace and that violations will result in disciplinary action up to and including termination.",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Marlborough, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
226,"Data Scientist, Medical Diagnostics",-1,"_*The Company*_
The world is facing a medical crisis, bacteria are increasingly evolving resistance to even our strongest antibiotics. The problem is already very real and immediate; for example, bloodstream infection leading to sepsis is now responsible for more than half of all deaths in hospitals and is the most expensive condition treated in hospitals. Sepsis mortality rate increases >6% every hour without effective antibiotic treatment. Yet, despite the life and death urgency, and healthcare cost impacts, current methodologies require 3 days to determine the correct antibiotic.

Specific Diagnostics has developed a breakthrough solution to rapidly determine the effective antibiotic treatment for bloodstream and other acute infections. Used for bloodstream infection Specific’s solution provides results 2 days sooner than existing methods, saving patients suffering from drug-resistant infection.

We have been funded by nearly $30 M in non-dilutive government sponsored research support and recently $17.5 M in venture capital. This is an opportunity to join us at an inflection point in our commercial growth as we bring our first key product to market and with recognition from major customers fueling an expansion of our staff.
_The Job*_
_*_*This is the job for you if want to be where your ideas to be central to a world-changing and lifesaving product. Data science and analytics are at the core of our company we are seeking an exceptional talent to join our team. You will be a key contributor and critical to the success of the company. The main analysis tasks you are expected to contribute to are:
Analytical methods and statistical analysis for processing high-volume, temporal high-dimensional data streams generated in real-time from our proprietary sensor technology.
The development of data-driven visualization tools for the explorative analysis of high-dimensional data.
The application and development of suitable pre-processing, feature-selection and dimensional reduction techniques to detect, measure and account for data artifacts.
The development and validation of applications for a medical instrument built under the guidance of a senior manager experienced in the application development discipline (so you’ll be learning the valuable skill of integrating your work into applications for medical diagnostic devices).
Algorithm development for decisions and measurements from multi-dimensional data streams.
This is not the job for a numbers only person. We want someone with a passion for and experience in the sciences that will lead you to look deeply into the sources of the data along with the scientists so that the data analysis is influenced by the science of our diagnostic technology and the science is influenced by the analysis.
_You_*
You have a proven track record of successfully developing, validating and deploying data analysis and analytical methods to solve challenging real-world applications. You are deeply familiar with a broad range of analytical models and are at the pulse of developments in the field. Ideally you have proven expertise in the analysis of spatio-temporal data. You have a strong domain knowledge in the field of statistical analysis and signal processing. You should have a track record of success in your education and projects and have these characteristics and skills:
MS degree in computer sciences, biomedical engineering, or related field and at least 5 years of interesting relevant experience.
Expert in R and proficient with C++ and Python.
Expertise in analytical methods and statistical analysis.
Proficiency in SQL as well as NoSQL database technologies a plus.
Full fluency (verbal and written) of the English language is a must.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Experience:
relavent: 2 years (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",1.0,"Specific Diagnostics
1.0","Mountain View, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
227,Principal Software Engineer - Information Exploitation,-1,"U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Who we are
Raytheon BBN is one of Raytheons premier research and development centers. Our diverse research portfolio combines the best technologies to deliver innovative, custom solutions with real-world benefit. Located in Arlington, VA, our Information Exploitation group is seeking a Staff Scientist with software research interests. Our world-class team works with a broad range of Government agencies to solve problems that are both technically challenging and have a real operational impact.

What will you do
The ideal candidate will have strong experience in Java development with some experience or interest in machine reasoning, semantic web technologies, data analytics, or artificial intelligence technologies. Our research work applies the above technologies to build both prototype and real operational systems. You will be working on challenging problems including:
• Producing sophisticated software in a fast-paced agile environment;
• Developing mission-critical applications for deployment into global enterprise operations;
• Optimizing software for knowledge representation, storage, and query systems for high performance.
• Designing novel machine reasoning and learning algorithms and solutions to complex, open-ended intelligence problems.

What will you need
BS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline and 8 years of experience; or MS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline and 6 years of experience.
Proficiency in Java and the Java-based development ecosystem.
Current DoD or IC Top Secret security clearance with SSBI. US citizenship is required
Desired Skills:
2-3 years of related research experience in one of the technical areas mentioned above.
Experience with Web application development.
Familiarity with modern software configuration management tools such as Docker, Gradle, Ivy, etc.
TS/SCI highly desired
Why us
We offer outstanding benefits that include flexible work schedules, a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, paid parental leave, paid time off, and many other employee discounts. 166098

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Arlington, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
228,"Senior Software Engineer, Applied Machine Learning",-1,"Every day, SmartNews analyzes millions of URLs to deliver the top articles that matter in near-real time to millions of users around the world. Our News Ranking team, along with our AI Foundation team, works on a range of recommendation and optimization problems, e.g. news feed ranking, push recommendation, search ranking/discovery, collaborative filtering, personalized recommendation, diversification to deliver the world's quality information to the people who need it.

Responsibilities

This is a hybrid of system engineering and machine learning role:
Propose machine learning initiatives to fuel our business growth, build end to end machine learning framework/solution to improve our KPI/metrics
Write server-side production code for applications that are robust and efficient
Develop machine learning algorithms, combining with rule-based optimization to deliver improvement in product metrics
Build recommendation and ranking algorithms for news articles
Develop toolings to make ML engineers to be more productive
Lead medium/large sized projects to improve news ranking
Requirements

Minimum Qualifications
3+ years of experience in designing and implementing machine learning algorithms, and applying them to real world problems
Solid Machine Learning background and deep understanding of certain domain of machine learning techniques, especially in natural language processing, recommendation systems, computer visions
Strong software development skills with proven record of shipping changes to production that improved product metrics with machine learning technologies
Able to have deep end-to-end understanding of sophisticated ranking systems and can proactively detect problems and make improvement suggestions
Good written and spoken communication skills, can work across functional teams
Expert coding abilities in multiple programming languages (e.g. Java, C++, Python, Scala)
MS or BS in computer science, mathematics, physics or other quantitative fields
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with cloud based architecture (e.g. Amazon Web Services)
Strong interest in news media and our mission
Benefits
Equity included
100% medical, dental and vision insurance coverage (60% coverage for dependents)
Monthly housing, commute, mobile phone and gym allowances
401k matching program
Free lunch, snacks, drinks, etc.
Pet friendly office",4.7,"SmartNews, Inc.
4.7","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
229,AI/ML Data Engineer,-1,"As a Data Engineer at MORSE, you will work with our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, and software developers on a variety of programs related to machine learning and artificial intelligence. You will be expected to rapidly define, develop, implement, and exercise ETL pipelines for complex systems that use data to help produce actionable insights in operational systems.

Skills and Requirements

A successful candidate will be working with data scientists, software engineers, and data providers to maintain data and transforms on that data. The candidate will be creating and maintaining novel pipelines for on premises hardware, externally hosted hardware, cloud-computing systems. The pipelines include data primarily from computer vision systems, traditional sensing systems, robotics data, and human generated label data. All data and pipelines are used for machine learning and artificial intelligence.

US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED, or the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance

BS, MS, or PhD in computer science, database management, data engineering, or equivalent

At least 5 years of experience as a data engineer

Proficiency in Python and PySpark

Experience with Docker

Good communication skills

Self-starter and driven

Desired Skills:

Experience with cloud computing (AWS, Azure, GCP) is a plus

Familiarity with Kedro is a plus

Familiarity with the latest data engineering trends

Experience with Docker-compose

Experience with Microservices

Proficiency in one or more programming languages

Demonstrated experience with large data sets in one or more of the following areas: parsing, cleaning, storage strategies, provenance tracking, database formats, and parallelized data transformations",5.0,"MORSE Corp
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
230,Sales Engineer- Louisana,-1,"Phoenix Contact
Industrial Sales Engineer

SYNOPSIS:
Learn and maintain domain expertise for all products with the Industrial Components and Electronics divisions (ICE). Execute strategic and tactical plans that support the sales and marketing objectives of the US Subsidiary, specifically the ICE divisions. Increase Phoenix Contacts brand awareness and market share through the growth of assigned accounts and development of new accounts.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

• Meet/exceed sales growth objectives as established by your Regional Sales Manager.
• Be proficient in R3/BASE selling skills and implement to build strong customer relationships.
• Focus on the customer by averaging a minimum of 16 to 20 sales calls/Seminars per week, with at least 50% to assigned accounts.
• Utilize Pivotal as the primary customer planning, reporting, measurement, and opportunity tracking tool.
• Be proficient in, and drive the use of all sales tools provided to support local markets.
• Active involvement in industry related associations, as well as distributor, and customer events.
• Demonstrate technical competence on all products/solutions within area of focus.
• Maintain all corporate policies, procedures, and programs including quotations, lead follow-up, and timely reporting.
• Work independently to manage and develop channel partners through utilization of joint sales activities, trainings and mutual action plans.
• Where applicable, work with Key Account Management and Harrisburg Marketing to implement global/national account strategies in order to achieve program objectives.
• Drive value-added/custom solutions within assigned account base, comprised primarily of Industrial OEM’s, System Integrators, and End Users.
• Assist in the sales promotion of packaged control systems and end to end solutions created by the Control and Industry Solutions division.
• Demonstrate initiative by understanding what actions need to be taken and completing the required tasks while seeking the perspective of others as required.
• Demonstrate an honest and forthright presence by taking responsibility for own mistakes and not blaming others, and by doing what he / she commits to doing.
• Work as a team player to make a difference within the business and express gratitude and appreciation to others who have provided information, assistance or support.
• Readily handle change through taking advantage of lifelong learning opportunities and being open minded and curious in the face of new challenges.

QUALIFICATIONS:

• Bachelor’s degree strongly preferred or equivalent combination of education and experience in a technical discipline
• 3+ years of proven success in Industrial Controls and Automation Sales required.
• Experience managing sales through distribution channel a plus.
• Outstanding communication skills – written, verbal and listening.
• Self-motivated with the ability to learn and adapt quickly.
• Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills.
• Displays proficiency in the following global competencies:
o Initiative – the understanding of what action needs to be taken and completing these tasks while seeking the perspective of others.
o Comprehensive Thinking (Personal Credibility) – taking personal responsibility for mistakes; does what he/she commits to and is honest and forthright.
o Collaboration – works as a team player to make a difference within the business and expresses gratitude and appreciation to others who have provided information, assistance and support
o Willingness to Learn – handles change through taking advantage of lifelong learning opportunities and is open minded and curious to face new challenges.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:

• Must be able to travel via airplane.
• Must have a valid driver’s license and be able to operate an automobile for up to six hours at a time.
• Must be able to lift a minimum of 50 lbs (sample, demos, literature)
• Must be able to travel overnight 35% + or as dictated by assigned territory.
• Comply with company dress code guidelines.
• Punctuality in all aspect is required.

Notice to Staffing Agencies, Placement Services, and Professional Recruiters:

Phoenix Contact has an internal Staffing Department. Recruiters are hereby specifically directed NOT to contact Phoenix Contact employees directly in an attempt to present candidates. Phoenix Contact will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate. Any unsolicited resumes sent to Phoenix Contact, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Phoenix Contact mailing address, fax machine or email address, directly to Phoenix Contact employees, or to Phoenix Contact’s resume database will be considered Phoenix Contact property. Phoenix Contact will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume. Phoenix Contact will consider any candidate for whom a Recruiter has submitted an unsolicited resume to have been referred by the Recruiter free of any charges or fees. Phoenix Contact will not pay a fee to any Recruiter that does not have a signed Phoenix Contact contract in place specific to the position for which the resume was submitted. Recruiting vendor agreements will only be valid if in writing and signed by Phoenix Contact's Director of Organization Development and Talent Acquisition or his or her designee. No other Phoenix Contact employee is authorized to bind Phoenix Contact to any agreement regarding the placement of candidates by Recruiters. By submitting a candidate to Phoenix Contact, recruiters agree to be bound and comply with this policy.",4.3,"Phoenix Contact USA
4.3",Louisiana,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1981,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
231,Aviation AI/ML Data Scientist,"$80k-$132k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are seeking someone with aviation experience and skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and software/application development.

If Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity extraction, and summarization mean something to you and you’ve applied them to aviation data, we want to talk to you. You are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety data
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions
Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
Preferred Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
232,Software Engineer,"$48k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The safety and security of CSC’s current and prospective employees, customers, and the communities we serve are our first priority.

Due to coronavirus (COVID-19) concerns, we have transitioned to virtual interviews for the foreseeable future. We look forward to all upcoming video and phone interview conversations with our prospective candidates.

We are always in search of top talent to join the CSC family. If you are looking for a career change, don’t hesitate to apply or reach out to us. We’ll have virtual interactions until we are able to move forward again with in-person interactions.

If you value rewarding software development projects, access to training and career advancement, and working with great people in a positive culture—we do too! Come help us create automation software for over 50% of the Fortune 500 companies. You will receive an industry-best total compensation package and work with tools like Visual Studio 2017, Azure, Cloud Services, TypeScript, Angular 6, .NET/C#, and SQL 2017

Qualified engineers should have a strong working knowledge of the latest Microsoft tools and technologies used to develop .NET Web applications. In this role you will play an active role in the design and development of features for our cloud-based commercial Tax Software product. This role can be REMOTE.

TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS
At least 3 years of software design and development experience
C#, .NET 4.6+, ASP.NET MVC, LINQ, JavaScript/Typescript, Angular, CSS, AJAX
Visual Studio, Team Foundation Server
Windows Server, IIS
MS SQL Server
CANDIDATE QUALITIES
Penchant and passion for software product development
Demonstrable skills in object oriented design, patterns and programming
Proficiency with unit and integration testing of code
Proven ability, willingness and motivation to learn and grow in an organization
Willingness to learn from mistakes, adapt and improve
Track record of delivering high quality work in a fast-paced environment
Ability to communicate clearly, concisely and accurately
A history of contributing ideas and opinions in a dynamic, diverse and talented team
What can we offer you?
Competitive compensation and benefit programs including 401k, medical, dental, vision and vacation plans are just a few of the many ways this company rewards its employees for their excellent performance
Continuous on-the-job training, mentoring, MSDN and Pluralsight subscriptions and the opportunity to learn from experienced and talented software professionals
Opportunity to work with customers directly and have an immediate and direct impact on their work
Sit or stand work stations, dual monitors available, SSD hard drives, i7 CPU, 64gb machines
A casual work environment with flexible schedules and work from home options
CSC Corptax is an Equal Opportunity Employer
#corptax",3.3,"Corptax
3.3","Buffalo Grove, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
233,Senior Data Engineer,"$67k-$127k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta has an immediate need for a Senior Data Engineer to join a fast-paced program in support of a government customer with a very critical national security mission. This is a multi-year program, where the successful candidate will work on an interdisciplinary project team of more than 30 highly qualified individuals with a wide array of skills that include client (reactjs), server (spring java), QA Automation Engineers, UI/UX Designers, and DevOps engineers. The team is responsible for building a next generation Mission Information System and is performing greenfield Software Development using modern technologies via an Agile DevOps approach.

This Senior Data Engineer will play a vital role collaborating as part of this cross-functional Agile team to create and enhance data ingestion pipelines and address big data challenges. The Senior Data Engineer will work closely with the Chief Architect, systems engineers, software engineers, and data scientists on the following key tasks:
Provide Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL) experience coupled with enterprise search capabilities to solve Big Data challenges
Design and implement high-volume data ingestion and streaming pipelines using Open Source frameworks like Apache Spark, Flink, Nifi, and Kafka on AWS Cloud
Leverage strategic and analytical skills to understand and solve customer and business centric questions
Create prototypes and proofs of concept for iterative development
Learn new technologies and apply the knowledge in production systems
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the enterprise data pipelines and the data lake
Partner with various teams to define and execute data acquisition, transformation, processing and make data actionable for operational and analytics initiatives

Required Qualifications / Experience:

BS in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or a related technical field or equivalent experience with at least 8+ years in systems engineering or administration (6+ years with a MS/MIS Degree).
Must have an active Top Secret security clearance and able to obtain a TS/SCI with Polygraph.
3 years of experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, NiFi.
3 years of experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python (preferred) and/or Java.
3 years of experience with and managing data across relational SQL and NoSQL databases like MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, HDFS, Redis, and Elasticsearch.
3 years of experience working in a Linux environment.
2 years of experience working with and designing REST APIs.
Experience in designing/developing platform components like caching, messaging, event processing, automation, transformation and tooling frameworks.
Experience developing data ingest workflows with stream-processing systems: Spark-Streaming, Kafka Streams and/or Flink.
Experience transforming data in various formats, including JSON, XML, CSV, and zipped files.
Experience with performance tuning of ETL jobs.
Experience developing flexible ontologies to fit data from multiple sources and implementing the ontology in the form of database mappings / schemas.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills necessary to work effectively with customers and other team members.

Preferred Qualifications / Experience:

Data engineering experience in the Intelligence Community or other government agencies.
Experience with Microservices architecture components, including Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience developing microservices to fit data cleansing, transformation and enrichment needs.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, S3, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Athena and/or Glue.
Experience with Jira, Confluence and extensive experience with Agile methodologies.
Knowledge about security and best practices.
Experience developing flexible data ingest and enrichment pipelines, to easily accommodate new and existing data sources.
Experience with software configuration management tools such as Git/Gitlab, Salt, Confluence, etc.
Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) pipelines and their enabling tools such as Jenkins, Nexus, etc.
Detailed oriented/self-motivated with the ability to learn and deploy new technology quickly.

Clearance Level: TS/SCI with Poly

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.

Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.

Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Reston, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
234,Dev Ops Engineer,"$46k-$86k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Essential Functions:

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Work closely with development and technical teams in deploying their applications and automating resource provisioning.
Provide operational support for new and existing sites/software, and debugging production issues.
Perform functions required for the deployment, configuration, support, and troubleshooting of issues within the Credit Union’s complicated technical environment while building and maintaining a suite of automation scripts and packages to support his function.
Enable and assist teams with Application Performance Monitoring.
Perform other job-related duties as assigned by Manager(s).

Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Competencies:

Achieve goals beyond job requirements and take prompt action to accomplish objectives.
Clearly convey and receive information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the listener, helps them understand and retain the message, and invites response and feedback. Keep others informed as appropriate. Demonstrate good written, oral, and listening skills.
Consistently maintain high levels of activity or productivity; sustain long hours when necessary, work with vigor, effectivenss and determination over a sustained period
Break down problems into component and recognize the interrelationships; make sound, well-informed, and objective decisions. Compare data, information, and input from a variety of sources to draw conclusions; take action that is consistent with available facts, constraints, and probable consequences.
Organize work, set priorities, and determine reources requirements; determines necessary sequence of activities needed to achieve goals.
Build constructive working relationships with clients/customers, other work units, community organizations and others to meet mutual goals and objectives. Behave professionally and supportively when working with individuals from a variety of ethnic, social and educational backgrounds.
Commitment to developing professionally by attending professional conferences and taking advantage of a variety of learning activities.
Introduce newly gained knowledge, focus on best practices, and value cutting-edge practices and approaches.

Education and Experience Requirements:

4-year degree in Information Systems or equivalent work experience.
2+ years of experience with Information/Business Systems.
2+ years of experience with AWS
2+ year scripting experience in Python, Powershell, Javascript, etc
2+ years of experience in the Financial Industry, preferably in the banking space.
1+ years of experience maintaining Chef, Ansible or Puppet (Ansible preferred)
1+ years of experience with network/server configuration for automated software deployment
1+ years of experience programming in C#, Java, etc.

Additional Eligibility Requirements:

Ability to use a wide variety of licensed and open source technologies and tools.
Ability to code and script for both physical and virtualized environments, such as AWS and Azure.
Experience with systems, IT operations, process improvement and best practices of the same.
Comfort with frequent, incremental code testing and deployment.
Strong grasp of automation tools, such as Ansible, Chef or Puppet.
Proven work in Continuous Integration using Jenkins or equivalent.
Ability to build and maintain proper source code repositories in SVN and GIT.
Comfort with collaboration, open communication and reaching across functional borders.
Adherence to policies, procedures and documentation standards.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Work Environment:

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopier/scanner, filing cabinets, and fax machines.

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. This is a largely sedentary role. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand, talk, hear, and use hands and fingers to handle, feel or operate objects, tools or controls and to reach with hands and arms. Ability to operate a computer is required.

Travel:
Minimal, as required by the business or professional development.

Service Excellence: The DCU Way:
All employees are expected to provide service excellence the “DCU Way” through teamwork and by providing quality service to internal and external members, incorporating the Guiding Principles of DCU’s culture:

People come first
Do the right thing
Make a difference

Bank Secrecy Act (BSA):

All Credit Union employees are required to complete all BSA related training annually and maintain knowledge of current BSA policies, specifically those related to functions performed within the department and identify and report possible suspicious activity.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.7,"Digital Federal Credit Union
3.7","Marlborough, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1979,Nonprofit Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
235,Robotic Process Automation Software Engineer,"$38k-$79k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Ascend Learning is a national leader in data driven, online educational solutions for learners, educators and employers in high-growth, licensure-driven professions spanning healthcare, fitness and wellness, skilled trades, insurance and financial services. We are passionate about accelerating learning while impacting job readiness, employment success and employee retention with the belief that our work changes lives.

Our culture is intentionally results-driven and selfless with a relentless focus on our customers. We believe in trust, transparency, freedom and responsibility with a commitment to meritocracy, inclusion and diversity of thought. Continual investment in our over 1400 employees is also a core principal realized through ongoing professional development and providing opportunities to grow, develop and lead. Ascend Learning is headquartered in Burlington, MA with additional office locations and remote workers in cities across the U.S. and in the U.K.

Job Overview

We are searching for a Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Software Engineer in our Enterprise Applications organization. The RPA Engineer is a self-driven individual, capable of working alone or with a team and will be responsible for process automation design, development, testing, deployment, monitoring, troubleshooting, administration, and maintenance of attended and unattended automation projects for all Ascend Learning’s business units. If you are creative and like working directly with business stakeholders, working with other development team members, learning and using automation technologies that have a direct impact on Ascend’s business outcomes, this position may be for you. Need additional training? We will provide you with the training and coaching to be successful. This is a full-time position based in our Leawood, KS office once Ascend Learning’s office reopen.

Responsibilities

The following list represents the general responsibilities of an RPA Software Engineer using UiPath and other potential automation technologies for a wide range of applications and use cases.
Provide guidance with process design
Design, develop, and test automation workflows
Deploy RPA components: bots, robots, development tools, code repositories, logging tools
Support the implementation of RPA solutions
Create process and end-user documentation
Assure the quality of the automation (QA processes)
Work with Business Analysts, Scrum Masters, QA Analysts, Product Owners, and other cross-functional resources to define and deliver business impacting projects.
Work directly with stakeholders to capture business requirements and translate them into technical approaches and designs that can be implemented.
Collaborate with development team members to ensure proper implementation and integration of the solutions
Support deployments or troubleshoot production issues outside of work hours and participate in an on-call rotation as-needed.
Maintain current knowledge of relevant technologies and business processes.
Monitor the RPA and intelligent automation industry for new and innovative ways to improve Ascend Learning operations.
Bring creativity to every project!
Required Skills
Hands on experience on RPA tools and cognitive platforms. UiPath experience is highly preferred.
Experience in any of the programming languages like C/C++, Python, VB Script, Ruby, Java, JS, .Net
Basic programming knowledge on HTML, JavaScript (or any scripting language)
Able to design technical specification documents for RPA Projects
Experience developing and consuming APIs
UiPath RPA Developer certifications preferred but not required (training can be provided)
Experience with Agile development methodology
Experience with Databases (SQL or NoSQL) preferred
Knowledge of AI and Machine Learning
Understanding of workflow-based logic
Strong attention to detail and analytical skills
Superior time and project management skills
Ability to present technical details to non-technical audiences
Excellent problem solving/analytical skills and complex troubleshooting methods
Ability to work through ambiguous situations
Excellent presentation, verbal, and written communication skills
Self‐motivated, able to work independently, and able to take initiative without always being directed
Ability to multitask in a fast‐paced environment
Experience and Education
Associate degree or higher in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering, or similar degree/program
4+ years working in the software development life cycle, preferably with .net, developing customized solutions from design through implementation.
2+ years of relevant RPA experience developing attended and unattended software automation projects using UiPath preferred
Experience working in a business IT environment with solutions such as e-commerce, CRM, ERP, ITSM, and more.
Experience working with APIs and other forms of software integrations
Demonstrated experience supporting a multi-user environment.
Experience providing guidance, solutions, and maintenance to end users in a software development or technical support environment.
Ascend Learning, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer (M/F/Vets/Disabled). No agency or search firm submissions will be accepted. Applications for U.S. based positions with Ascend Learning, LLC must be legally authorized to work in the United States and verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.",3.5,"Ascend Learning
3.5","Leawood, KS",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
236,Senior Full Stack Engineer/ Leader,-1,"Position Summary: Senior Full Stack Engineer/Leader
The Opportunity: Leadership at an extremely innovative cloud security startup
Must Have Requirements:
8+ years of SW development building highly available enterprise systems
6+ years of full stack development. Experience to include the following:
React: Multi-page web applications using React and Material
Python, Golang, NodeJS, etc.
Client-side JavaScript, CSS, SQL
4+ years of cloud development experience; ideally with AWS
Must be a Player/Coach
Prolific coder with demonstrable experience as a system level architect
Leadership experience with multiple direct reports
Ability to create realistic schedules and manage cross disciplinary projects
Demonstrable experience managing off-shore teams either contracted or FTEs
Detailed Job Description
This is an opportunity for a skilled architect and full stack developer to work alongside a team of creative and talented software engineers who are building an industry-leading, cloud-native, next generation email security platform. Help us beat bad actors and make a difference to millions of users.
The ideal candidate will be comfortable working with a multi-tenant, highly scalable, microserviced infrastructure with demonstrable experience therein. In addition to contributing significantly to product development, the successful candidate will be comfortable mentoring other members of the team, serving as a key voice in the product management process, and helping to ensure on-time delivery of high-quality code which protects our customers’ mission critical communication systems.
The ideal candidate has the following additional experience:
Tools including the following:
Kubernetes, Docker, Jaeger, Jenkins, etc.
ElasticSearch, Redis, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, etc.
Kafka, RabbitMQ, nginx, Kubernetes, Docker
HA architectural development experience
Bonus: Cybersecurity and startup experience

Team
You will be joining a highly talented team made up of security start-up experts who care deeply about their customers. This team is passionate about safeguarding the mission critical communication capabilities of businesses globally. We are fanatically driven to make one of the most basic communication modalities, email, safe and secure to use in a world which is not only constantly evolving, but which is constantly under attack with phishing attempts, identity theft, ransomware, and more.
We are a “work family”. As such, we are highly selective as to who we ask to join. However, if we mutually agree that it makes sense, you will be joining a highly collaborative, supportive, skilled, thoughtful, and intellectually curious group of people who are focused on making GreatHorn a great place to work!
Benefits
We offer competitive salaries, stock options, medical, vision, and dental insurance, a matched 401k, unlimited vacation time, a fully stocked kitchen, and weekly catered team lunches.
About GreatHorn
GreatHorn is disrupting the email security industry to better protect organizations against advanced email threats through modern data analytics, machine learning, and cloud-native design. Our execution of this mission has driven triple-digit growth for three years in a row, and we’re poised to accelerate that growth in the coming year.
Run by a team of cybersecurity veterans with a track record of success, we solve a pervasive problem with smart technology, employ clever people with common sense from diverse backgrounds, and adhere to a “No A**holes” policy. If that sounds like a place you’d fit in, we hope you’ll come join us!
We believe strongly in diversity, and seek to recognize, develop, and support talent from all backgrounds.
To apply for this position, email your resume to jluciani@greathorn.com",4.8,"GreatHorn
4.8","Waltham, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
237,Plastic Extrusion Process Engineer,"$44k-$82k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Scope of the Role: *
This position is responsible for design and manufacture of profile extrusion tooling and the development of custom plastic extrusion processes with the objective of improving total quality, material usage and productivity. This position will work closely with the Pexco Engineer Manager, Manufacturing, QC, Materials, and Sales teams to provide leadership, support and training to achieve these common team objectives.
Duties and Responsibilities: *
Take ownership of new projects from start to finish. This includes communicating with internal stakeholders to develop quotation. Understanding of different plastic resins and processing is a must. Must be able to identify the feasibility of the project and research equipment necessary.

Design tooling and develop processes for mono and co-extrusion plastic profiles, tubes and secondary fabrication individually or with other process engineers.

Lead new tooling development process for the project assigned using hands-on approach to meet customer expectation with quality and on time delivery of samples

Coordinate the tooling needs for new products with Die Development, technicians, Engineer Manager and other involved in producing first article samples.

Oversee the tool making activities in the machine shop, ensuring that the tools produced by the machine shop can meet the design criteria and are up to the company’s high standard for design and workmanship.

Support other department and Pexco sites in their tooling needs. Actively seek ways to improvise process efficiencies by way of redevelopment in the shortest possible lead time and most effective design.

Troubleshoot process difficulties on daily basis and support production. Work with Engineer Manager to coordinate a timely response to the need for rebuilding tooling or handling other special tooling needs that cannot be planned for in advance.

Work on continual improvement projects to improve efficiencies and reduce scrap.
Other key elements: *
Follow and support plant and corporate safety policies and initiatives.
Plans, develops and coordinates tool development trials.
Maintain engineering database and documentation as required.
Perform other accountabilities as assigned.
Education, Experience, and Skills required: *
BS in Engineering, 3-5 years of plastics manufacturing experience a plus. Plastic Extrusion die design and process development is a must.

2 years minimum experience in a beginning supervisory position a plus

Ability to read and interpret technical drawings and specifications

Must be HANDS-ON and be willing to work on the floor.

Must working knowledge with a CAD system, CAD/CAM software and Microsoft office

Must have very good technical understanding of plastic extrusion process, terminology and extrusion tooling.

Understanding of plastic materials and ability to research materials.

Understand customer requirements and application.

Demonstrated experience managing multiple projects and attention to detail.

Task oriented, Strong analytical skills and well organized.

Strong interpersonal, excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate with all levels of the Organization.

Aptitude to learn and be a strong team player.
Key Skills and Attributes: *
Must be HANDS-ON and be willing to work on the floor
Working knowledge of plastic extrusion process, terminology and extrusion tooling
Understand customer requirements and application
Demonstrated experience managing multiple projects and attention to detail
Task oriented, Strong analytical skills and well organized
Strong interpersonal, excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate with all levels of the Organization
Aptitude to learn and be a strong team player
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $28.00 - $33.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Plastics Extrusion: 3 years (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.pexco.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.2,"Pexco, LLC
3.2","Plaistow, NH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1998,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
238,Artificial Intelligence Engineer,"$60k-$107k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position: Artificial Intelligence Engineer / AI Engineer

Location: Winston-Salem or Charlotte, NC

Remote: Once pandemic has cleared can work a hybrid schedule between Winston-Salem, NC and home location.

Note: Must have prior programming in Python and using TensorFlow

Primary Purpose:

Seasoned research analyst with experience in artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and mathematical-statistics modeling. This professional will apply his or her analytical, programming and business knowledge and skills, collaborating with other analysts and business leaders to complete complex projects and solve challenging problems integral to research and development of insurance products and management of those products.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time.
Execute complex projects designing, creating, and innovating to meet Analytics goals
Implement artificial intelligence and machine learning methods in combination with explanatory econometrics and statistics
Build, maintain, and adjust predictive models
Support development and implementation of models for insurance loss, conversion, retention, expense, etc.
Employ programming techniques efficiently and soundly
Develop and use large datasets across multiple platforms
Communicate with fellow team members across functions
Minimum Skills and Competencies:

The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Bachelor Degree or in-lieu of degree equivalent education, training and work-related experience
Demonstrated artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistical modeling knowledge and skill
Experience using 4 or more modeling techniques such as the following: OLS, logistic regression, GLM, credit scoring, tree-based methods, time-series and forecasting, survival analysis, neural networks, nonlinear support vector machines, association rule learning, principle components analysis, K-means clustering, k-nearest neighbor classifiers
Well-developed programming skills specifically in SAS or SQL and other packages with statistical and machine learning application, e.g. R, SPSS, Python
Detail orientation with discipline and commitment to excellent results
Research / R&D project management and coordination skills
Inter-personal and leadership skills
Must possess effective verbal and written communication skills
Intellectual curiosity with ambition and will to learn, develop, and grow professionally within a complex and interesting business.
Comfortable in Windows and Unix-type environments.
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Desired Skills:
Graduate degree or equivalent in mathematics, statistics, actuarial science, economics, operations research, computer science or other quantitative field
5+ years overall relevant experience
P&C insurance industry background with working knowledge of auto insurance and homeowners insurance
Understanding of insurance product design and mathematical underpinnings of rating algorithms
CAS exams or credentials
National General Holdings Corp. is an Equal Opportunity (EO) employer Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of any characteristic protected by law. Candidates must possess authorization to work in the United States, as it is not our practice to sponsor individuals for work visas.

In the event you need assistance or accommodation in completing your online application, please contact NGIC main office by phone at (336) 435-2000.",3.2,"National General Insurance
3.2","Winston-Salem, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1939,Company - Public,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
239,Software Engineer II - JAVA / Information Exploitation,-1,"U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position needs an active U.S. Security Clearance as of day one of employment.

Who we are
BBN Technologies is a premier research and development centers. Our diverse research portfolio combines the best technologies to deliver innovative, custom solutions with real-world benefit.

Located in Arlington, VA, our Information Exploitation group is seeking a Staff Scientist with software research interests. Our world-class team works with a broad range of Government agencies to solve problems that are both technically challenging and have a real operational impact. The ideal candidate will have strong experience in Java development with some experience or interest in machine reasoning, semantic web technologies, data analytics, or artificial intelligence technologies.

What you will do
Our research work applies the above technologies to build both prototype and real operational systems. You will be working on challenging problems including:

• Producing sophisticated software in a fast-paced agile environment;
• Developing mission-critical applications for deployment into global enterprise operations;
• Optimizing software for knowledge representation, storage, and query systems for high performance.
• Designing novel machine reasoning and learning algorithms and solutions to complex, open-ended intelligence problems.

What you will need
• BS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline and 2 years of experience; or MS in Computer Science or equivalent discipline and 0 years of experience.
• Proficiency in Java and the Java-based development ecosystem.
• Current DoD or IC Top Secret security clearance with SSBI. US citizenship is required

Other skills that would be awesome!
• 2-3 years of related research experience in one of the technical areas mentioned above.
• Experience with Web application development.
• Familiarity with modern software configuration management tools such as Docker, Gradle, Ivy, etc.
• TS/SCI is highly desired

Why us?
We offer outstanding benefits that include flexible work schedules, a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, paid parental leave, paid time off, and many other employee discounts.

This requisition is for future work. If you meet the requirements, you will be contacted by the recruiter.
167428

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Arlington, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
240,Senior Full Stack Engineer,"$118k-$140k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Tamr is the enterprise-scale data unification company trusted by industry leaders like GE, Toyota, Thomson Reuters, and GSK. The company’s patented software platform uses machine learning supplemented with customers’ knowledge to unify and prepare data across myriad silos to deliver previously unavailable business-changing insights. With a co-founding team led by Andy Palmer (founding CEO of Vertica) and Mike Stonebraker (Turing Award winner) and backed by founding investors NEA and GV, Tamr is transforming how companies get value from their data.

As we rapidly grow our engineering team, we are seeking for outstanding engineers interested in building products that solve customer problems & enable customer innovation. This is an opportunity to build enterprise software that solves the most time-consuming, manually intensive problem in data science and modern data pipelines: enriching, curating, and preparing data. As part of a talented team, you will design and implement creative solutions to problems in data pipelining, distributed computing, cloud computing, machine learning and user experience.
This job might be a good fit for you if you have:
At least 5 years industry experience in software development
Strong computer science fundamentals. BS or MS in Computer Science preferred. Equivalent industry experience acceptable
Strong experience with Java or any other modern programming language
Experience with Big Data technologies, Distributed systems or Cloud native software
Excellent problem-solving skills
A collaborative working style
A hunger to learn new things and achieve big outcomes
Additional Information

This position is available in Cambridge MA. Tamr does sponsor employees requiring a visa.

Tamr provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.",4.3,"Tamr
4.3","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
241,Machine Learning Engineer,"$54k-$97k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Machine Learning Engineer
10835
Phoenix, AZ
7/13/2020 11:11:00 AM

IT
Contractor - W2

Job Description
Job Description – Python/ML – Senior Engineer/ Architect

Site Reliability engineering portfolio consists of several mission critical americanexpress.com applications. Web engineering enterprise applications are highly available applications, maintains high (~99.999%) availability in an extremely high throughput transactional system with strict performance requirements. Primary focus of the Site Reliability Engineering team is to conceptualize, design, develop and implement observability related frameworks/common components, instrumenting observability tools for enterprise that will ensure high application reliability, scalability, availability and performance of the Web applications. Site reliability team is embarking on a transformation journey to implement “Automation first” approach in Service Delivery and Site Reliability Engineering space.

What you will be doing:
Conceptualize and implement Machine Learning driven Site Reliability Engineering Framework/Components to improve predictive monitoring and driving SRE team’s journey towards “Automation First” approach
Research latest technology, concepts, conceptualize solution and develop proof of concept that will improve resiliency and performance of the production infrastructure. Design and implement innovative solution/framework that will improve software engineering velocity, infrastructure resiliency and security, and data availability
Develop observability related common framework components (to be leveraged by enterprise applications), define standards for configuration, monitoring, reliability and performance engineering


Qualifications:
A BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, other Technical discipline, or equivalent work experience
5 + years of experience in Python with emphasis on machine learning
Hands on experience with – Spark, Splunk, Pandas, Numpy, and Scikit-learn
Experience in designing mission critical highly available enterprise applications
Strong knowledge of Linux internals and experience managing Linux systems in high traffic environments
Strong knowledge of machine learning, mathematical modeling, R, and statistics
Strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to work well in a diverse team-focused environment
5+ years of experience with building Rest APIs, API Integration, and Web Services is preferred
Knowledge of server-side technologies such as WebSphere, JBose, NodeJS is preferred

Job Requirements
Job Description – Python/ML – Senior Engineer/ Architect

Site Reliability engineering portfolio consists of several mission critical americanexpress.com applications. Web engineering enterprise applications are highly available applications, maintains high (~99.999%) availability in an extremely high throughput transactional system with strict performance requirements. Primary focus of the Site Reliability Engineering team is to conceptualize, design, develop and implement observability related frameworks/common components, instrumenting observability tools for enterprise that will ensure high application reliability, scalability, availability and performance of the Web applications. Site reliability team is embarking on a transformation journey to implement “Automation first” approach in Service Delivery and Site Reliability Engineering space.

What you will be doing:
Conceptualize and implement Machine Learning driven Site Reliability Engineering Framework/Components to improve predictive monitoring and driving SRE team’s journey towards “Automation First” approach
Research latest technology, concepts, conceptualize solution and develop proof of concept that will improve resiliency and performance of the production infrastructure. Design and implement innovative solution/framework that will improve software engineering velocity, infrastructure resiliency and security, and data availability
Develop observability related common framework components (to be leveraged by enterprise applications), define standards for configuration, monitoring, reliability and performance engineering


Qualifications:
A BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, other Technical discipline, or equivalent work experience
5 + years of experience in Python with emphasis on machine learning
Hands on experience with – Spark, Splunk, Pandas, Numpy, and Scikit-learn
Experience in designing mission critical highly available enterprise applications
Strong knowledge of Linux internals and experience managing Linux systems in high traffic environments
Strong knowledge of machine learning, mathematical modeling, R, and statistics
Strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to work well in a diverse team-focused environment
5+ years of experience with building Rest APIs, API Integration, and Web Services is preferred
Knowledge of server-side technologies such as WebSphere, JBose, NodeJS is preferred",3.8,"IntraEdge
3.8","Phoenix, AZ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
242,Software Engineer,"$49k-$65k
(Employer Est.)","Fall 2020 Update from WebFX: We're still actively hiring and conducting interviews via video conferencing

Hi there! We're WebFX, a full-service digital marketing agency based in the US. We've been named the Best Place To Work in Pennsylvania 5 times in a row and we'd love to meet you. We're looking for people to join our mission to provide world-class digital marketing solutions to mid-size businesses around the world. We get super excited about driving business growth for our clients and are looking for people who take pride in their marketing work and enjoy having a little fun at the same time.

What We're Looking For

Desired Education
A Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline is preferred.

General Knowledge
Comfortable with both object-oriented and procedural programming methodologies
Strong knowledge of database design and troubleshooting (MySQL, MongoDB)
Strong understanding of software development life-cycle and best practices

Qualities
Passion for web development
Likes to get things done
Commitment to delivering high-quality and defect-free projects to clients
Ability to work well in a high-concurrency environment (many projects)
Capable of individual “deep work” as well as the ability to collaborate with a team to complete projects rapidly
Strong time-management skills and can meet deadlines consistently
Takes direction well, but also able to make decisions and take initiative
Strong communication skills
Ability to work independently
Up-to-date on the latest web technologies
Professional, dependable, solid work ethic, detail-oriented, dedication to quality, self-motivated
Enjoys solving problems
Customer-centric mentality

Experience
Less than 1 year of open source web development
Solid project-level experience with at least one open-source CMS platform such as WordPress, Magento, Joomla, Drupal, etc.
Experience with web-based programming languages (e.g. JavaScript, HTML)
Mobile app development and/or React Native experience
NodeJS
Google Cloud Platform or Amazon Web Services
OOP and procedural programming methodologies
Standard Compliant HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript
CSS Frameworks (e.g. Bootstrap, Foundation, Intuit)
JS Frameworks (e.g. jQuery, React, Vue, Backbone)
Git Version control (or other version control software)
Package management and Task Runners (e.g. NPM, Yarn, Gulp, Grunt)
Browser testing abilities using built in developer tools
E-commerce solutions and is well-versed in e-commerce methodologies and best practices
Previous development firm/agency environment
Optional - TensorFlow and Machine Learning

What You'll Do

Responsibilities
- Coordinating and participating in the programming, implementation, testing, and support of web-based projects using modern frameworks such as ReactJS and Feathers for NodeJS
- Programming, developing, and producing data-driven web applications, websites, and mobile apps using the latest technology solutions and software
- Consulting with clients and the account team to ensure the use of effective Internet-based technologies for enterprise business applications
- Debugging and problem solving across a wide variety of open-source and mobile platforms
- WebFX developers typically work on 25+ projects per year, so there is a high level of variety in work and two days are never the same!
- Our web-based projects use a variety of frameworks selected on a per-project basis. Some of the more popular frameworks our team leverages in projects are WordPress, Magento, Bootstrap, Zend Framework 2, and Google Functions. Training will be provided on all of our core platforms, tools, and technologies.

Percentage Breakdown
45% maintenance and debugging
40% building new functionality
10% consulting with other team members and clients
5% planning and quoting new functionality

Training
Our “Bootcamp” web marketing training program will be provided for new WebFX “family members”.
On-site, state-of-the-art training amenities to facilitate departmental trainings, trend watch reports, and monthly Lunch-and-Learns

What You'll Get

Opportunities for Growth
WebFX grew 250%+ over the past 3 years, and merit-based promotional opportunities are abundant for new family members who meet or exceed position performance metrics.

Compensation
$49K to Negotiable (Based on experience and/or GPA & sample projects)
Potential additional bonus may be offered for GPA's of 3.8+
Potential additional bonus may be offered for attending an elite college or university & graduate with high honors

Candidates interested in this position may also have interest in:
Digital marketing, online marketing, digital advertising, paid advertising, search marketing, inbound marketing, web marketing, social media, content marketing, PPC, SEO, SEM, blogging, Facebook, research, communications, entry level, graphic design, web development, front end development, data, etc.
WebFX Perks & Benefits
Flexible Schedule
Pet Friendly Office
Profit Sharing
Little Amps Coffee & Tea Bar
Yoga
On-site Fitness Center
150% Company Match Of Personal Charity Donations
Supplemental Insurance
IRA With Company Matching
Generous Paid Time Off
Employee Wellness Program
FXLearns Library
Activity Groups
Humanitarian Trips
Health/Vision/Dental Coverage
New Parent Support
Casual Dress Code
Home Buyer Program
Personal Desk Fund
Green Commute Benefits
Pawternity Leave",4.7,"webfx.com
4.7","Harrisburg, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1997,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
243,Project/Drafting Engineer - (Cabinet Vision),-1,"JOB DESCRIPTION*
Position Title: *Cabinet Vision® Engineer
FTE * Full-time  Non-exempt
Work Hours *Monday to Friday; occasional overtime
Supervisory Duties: *None
SUMMARY *
Under general supervision, the Cabinet Vision® Engineer is primarily responsible for creating shop drawings utilizing Cabinet Vision® and to prepare projects for CNC-based production. The Cabinet Vision® Engineer will also work as a drafting engineer as the need arises. The Cabinet Vision® Engineer takes direction from the Project Manager.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBLITIES* (duties include but are not limited to *: *
• Creates or produces submittal drawings in Cabinet Vision software for a variety of millwork and casework used in the commercial industry
• Orders material and maintains library of current standard cabinets
• Works with Production Manager to coordinate work and translate drawings into production flow and alter plans as necessary (to include programming of CNC)
• Takes direction from Project Managers on timing and coordination of shop drawings for production and installation
• Supplies cut lists, shop, and production drawings
• Communicates with Estimators on job requirements and customer needs
• Reviews product design for compliance with engineering principles, company standards and customer contract requirements, and related specifications
• Documents specifications and finish schedules for cabinetry projects
• Evaluates and approves design changes, specifications and drawing releases
• Responsible for material usage and forecasting
• Stores technical drawings electronically
• Works with project team to establish goals and ensure all shop drawings for assigned projects are completed according to set deadlines
• Follows all safety and OSHA standards and ensures a safe working environment
• Attends departmental meetings as required
• Performs other duties as assigned or required
REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE*
• At least 2 years of Cabinet Vision® and Auto- CAD (Preferred)
• Proficient in Cabinet Vision® for engineering and lay out
• Proficient in AutoCAD to draft shop drawings for millwork and complex parts
COMPETENCIES *
The items below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and abilities required or preferred.

• Ability to pass a pre-employment drug test and background check
• Self-motivated, detail-oriented and works well under pressure and tight deadlines
• Solid understanding of materials, hardware, and wood working construction methods
• Willingness to learn and adapt to changes in fast-paced environment
• Great attitude, strong work ethic, and the ability to work as part of a team with little oversight and direction
PHYSICAL DEMANDS/SAFETY REQUIREMENTS/WORKING CONDITIONS *
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee

• This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.

• While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, risk of electrical shock and explosives. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

However, on some instances this job may require work in areas where ear protection is necessary.

• While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear.
The employee frequently is required to sit. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision and ability to adjust focus

OTHER*:

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice
AAP/EEO STATEMENT *
St. Germain’s Cabinet, Inc. – Supreme Counters provides equal employment opportunity to all individuals regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law. Further, the company takes affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed, and employees are treated during employment without regard to any of these characteristics. Discrimination of any type will not be tolerated.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Cabinet Vision: 2 years (Preferred)
Autocad: 2 years (Preferred)
Location:
Duluth, MN (Preferred)
Language:
English (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"St Germain's Cabinet, Inc.","Duluth, MN",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
244,Principal Data Scientist,-1,"You will integrate disparate EHR, clinical, claims, and other medical data sources, extracting consistent information across ontologies, and deriving insights from disparate data sources to allow experts to rapidly understand the meaning, applicability, and extensibility of results from observational and randomized clinical experimentation. You will build ML tools for anomaly-tracking to enable rapid, more effective clinical trialing and the integration of data sources throughout the life sciences. You will model the trajectory of disease across patient populations to identify key opportunities and indications and to rapidly test and develop candidate medicines.
You will map and optimize the complex interrelationships of pharma companies, drug manufacturers, pharmacy benefit managers, payors, and patients to drive EQRx’s strategy to dramatically lower drug prices while promoting equity and access. You will use novel computational techniques to design, refine, and select novel drug candidates. Using the tools of modern data science and machine learning, you will help to build a data driven, end-to-end digital native life sciences company, enabling our core mission of rapid, equal, and equitable access to medicines.
The Impact You'll Have
You will help to radically lower drug prices and expand access, by identifying novel opportunities for partnerships and delivery across the complex web of interrelationships that bring drugs from pharma companies to patients. You will speed the development and trialing of novel medicines through the unification, comprehension, and modelling of human health and disease across data sources. You will drive the adoption of machine learning for the improvement of human health in building a radically different, digital-native and data-first life sciences company, where we bootstrap our way to rapid increases in scale and efficacy across functions. You will enable experts across EQRx to see further, connecting data from biology and chemistry, to the clinic and patients, to drug pricing and delivery, powering a novel, modern paradigm in drug development.
Your Superpowers
You have 5+ years of experience in data science in the life science/healthcare industry.
You have a PhD (preferred) or Masters (with 3+ additional years exp) in a quantitative scientific field such as physics, computational biology, chemistry, engineering, etc.
You are fluent in python (strongly preferred) or R and cloud native data science.
You thrive working with messy and complex data, understanding key nuances behind its generation and able to model them with quantitative and machine learning tools to achieve understanding.
You are an excellent communicator, able to translate complex analyses into insightful visuals and presentations for audiences with a wide range of technical backgrounds.
You are empathetic with end users; proficient at turning business and scientific questions into testable, clean, and reproducible data scientific workflows.
You have a quick, flexible mind, able to rapidly learn new fields and use data science and machine learning to improve decision making and workflows.
You are an avid reader of the literature; excited to try novel tools and techniques to solve problems.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
245,Data Engineer,"$48k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","IZEA was built to connect the worlds top brands with influential content creators and publishers to enable influencer marketing and content production at scale. With over 500,000 Creators reaching over 3 billion fans and followers around the globe, IZEA is unmatched in its industry experience, network diversity, and technology ecosystem. A career at IZEA offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast-growing organization!

IZEA is looking for a Data Engineer to join our Core Technology group.

This team member may be located in the Orlando area or remote.

You will use the latest tools and technology to build and support IZEA's industry-leading data initiatives. Whether contributing to our data pipelines that ingest millions of records per hour, distilling vast amounts of data into meaningful insights, or operating the services that surface those insights, you will help define what the future of Influencer and Content Marketing looks like.

You will have direct access to end-users and stakeholders, and you are encouraged to build and leverage these relationships in your work. You will write and test your code, and work with our QA team to get it deployed to production. With the help of a homegrown, bot-driven CI/CD pipeline, your code will be delivered to users daily. This cross-functional team leverages Amazon Web Services for everything from ECS for containerized virtualization and hosting, to S3 for durable object storage, RDS and DynamoDB for persistence, EMR for the batch processing of billions of records, and Lambda for distributed workloads and stream consumption.

Aside from the day to day, we can offer you incredible benefits including an annual continuing education budget, a trust-focused development process, a flexible and collaborative work environment where balance matters, stock ownership, and an annual company retreat.

The team strives to be ego-free and motivated only by building amazing software for our users. We seek to understand the ""why"" behind the ""what"". We regularly break out into small teams to tackle problems, learn new technologies, or just share what we know with others. We test our code and invest in the health of our systems. We push each other, learn from each other, and strive to continually grow.

Primary Responsibilities

You will...
Work with stakeholders to define the solutions to development problems and business requirements
Develop and maintain the features and capabilities of our data ingestion pipelines
Extract actionable and impactful insights from vast amounts of data
Develop and maintain the services that surface those insights and make them available for consumption in a performant manner
Create unit and integration tests for your code
Reproduce and fix bugs reported by internal and external users
Set goals and communicate often about your progress toward them
Contribute to the ongoing improvement of the engineering organization and our software
What Were Looking For

A problem solver at heart
Much of our work revolves around problems that have no existing off-the-shelf solution or consensus on best practices. You'll often need to break down large problems into smaller more manageable tasks and utilize critical thinking to come up with novel ideas.
3+ years of engineering experience
Things move quickly in the data group. Youll need to be comfortable and familiar with delivering highly scalable cloud based applications.
Professional experience with frameworks like Hadoop, Spark, or similar
This will be a significant component of your responsibilities. You will be working with large data sets in a distributed environment on a daily basis. Familiarity w/ the Hadoop/Spark ecosystem is a must.
Professional experience with Python data tools
Our data team uses PySpark and Jupyter notebooks extensively. Familiarity with these technologies will also serve you well.
Direct experience with relational and NoSQL databases technologies
We use the best tool for the job around here. When it comes to storing and accessing data, we recognize that the technology decisions we make directly impact our ability to provide a performant customer experience, and our own costs.
Experience designing and building JSON based RESTful APIs
Because we are building our application with a front end framework, we carefully design and document the APIs to power it. To help us, we follow the JSON API spec, but any experience in building a RESTful API will be useful. Remember, the API is your contract with the consumers of your data!
Understanding of monolithic and micro-service based architectures
IZEAx still has some legacy monolithic characteristics. We move more and more of our technology to a distributed set of services, there are new challenges to overcome. Understanding the differences between these two models will help you take those challenges head on.
Basic Linux skills
In order to develop our data pipelines and services, you need to run it on your laptop. This means opening up some terminal windows, running some commands, and keeping the log output open. Additionally, some of our technology stack is better accessed through CLIs. Examples include the Ember CLI, the Rails CLI/console, Docker commands, Gradle, and our own CLIs. We'll walk you through it, but you should be comfy in a terminal.
Ability to multitask and prioritize multiple incoming requests
IZEA's Engineering team strives to provide a great experience and great service to our users. In order to do that, you may need to context switch into a support issue or drop what you are doing to start work on something else. This is part of what Agile means to us.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Regular and timely communication is the key to a trust based development process. You should be able to simply and concisely ask for feedback and direction in terms that your audience understands, and relay requested information in a timely fashion to your leaders. You should prioritize documentation of processes and code.
Demonstrated experience with the following will be highly valued

Data Science Background
While not required, a fundamental understanding of statistics and modeling would be a great asset. Practical experience with Machine Learning and/or complex data pipelines would also be welcome.
Front End development experience
From time to time you may need to build visualization, or (lite) user facing experiences. Familiarity with modern web frameworks like Angular, React, Ember, or Vue would be helpful. Extra bonus points if you have familiarity w/ Javascript based visualization libraries like d3.js or Highcharts.
Amazon Web Services, or other cloud providers
IZEA's software is hosted on AWS, and you will need to acquire some familiarity with it. Previous experience in using a cloud provider, even if just for developer tooling, shows that you understand some of the nuances involved in working in the cloud. Familiarity with Amazons EMR would also be an asset.
Continuous Integration & Deployment
IZEA needs to get features and fixes out to customers as soon as we possibly can with as much confidence as possible. To facilitate this, we have developed a CI/CD pipeline (using 3rd party services). An understanding of what CI/CD is will help you understand how this pipeline works and how to make it even better.
GitHub
All of IZEA's code is source controlled on Github. We leverage Github Pull Requests for code reviews, Github integrations manage parts of our CI/CD pipeline, and Github releases define the code tags that ultimately get deployed. Much of our process documentation exists on Github pages. Familiarity with navigating Github's features will help you ramp up in our SDLC faster.
JIRA
IZEA uses JIRA to manage projects and report on progress to stakeholders inside and outside the company. While we strive to automate as much of JIRA as possible with bots, webhooks and reports, understanding how JIRA issues, links, attachments, and workflows work will help you understand our SDLC faster.
About IZEA:

We are IZEA: The Creator Marketplace. Our cloud-based technologies connect Brands and Publishers with content Creators who blog, tweet, pin, and post on their behalf.

Our driving belief is that the only way to thrive in our rapidly changing world is to change ahead of it. IZEA is in a constant state of evolution and reinvention. While we may have invented the industry, we still operate like an entrepreneurial, scrappy start-up. Your time here will be exciting, educational, and at times, a bit crazy.

With IZEA, you have the opportunity to join a non-traditional corporate culture, where creativity and productivity are valued over a suit and tie. We call it ""The IZEA Way.""

Why would you want to work here?

Our developers use the latest tools and technology to build the applications and services that make up the IZEA Exchange platform. We write in whatever language we need to get the job done including Ruby, Java, Python, PHP, Swift, and Javascript. We leverage the latest frameworks, such as Rails, Symphony2, and Drop Wizard for iterating quickly on our technology.

Our code is deployed and operated by the people who write it, with the help of Amazon Web Services. We leverage everything from EC2 for virtualization and hosting, to Amazon EMR and Machine Learning for advanced analytics.

Aside from the day to day, we offer incredible benefits including an annual continuing education budget, a flexible trust-focused development process, and an open collaborative work environment.

Our team is ego-free and motivated to build great software. We regularly break out into small teams to tackle problems, learn new technologies, or just share what we know with others. We test our code and invest in the health of our systems. We push each other, learn from each other, and strive to continually grow as a team.

California residents, please follow this link to view the types of information we may gather from California residents who are applicants, employees, or contractors of IZEA, and how we use such information.

Powered by JazzHR",4.1,"IZEA, Inc
4.1","Orlando, FL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
246,Sr Software Engineer,-1,"Requisition ID 169550BR
Date updated 10/02/2020
CE39/CE40: Sr Software Engineer I / Sr Software Engineer II; G08/G09

Note: This is a position for experienced professionals. If you have completed your degree within the last 18 months please apply to RTX College jobs: https://jobs.raytheonmissilesanddefense.com/college-jobs

Check us out on YouTube: https://youtu.be/kfHlc8GCzoU
At Raytheon Technologies (RTX), we are defining the future of aerospace and defense with ambitious technologies that push the limits of known science. Our technologies help our customers take on the world's biggest challenges.

Job Summary:
We are currently seeking a Sr Software Engineer to join the Missile Defense & Surveillance Software Department in Huntsville, Alabama.

Our software teams employ disciplined software processes (CMMI Level 5) across the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). We use a variety of development methodologies and tools to produce high quality products for our customers. We strive for technical excellence by drawing upon a diverse workforce whose knowledge base covers the complete spectrum of modern computing languages and platforms. The successful Sr Software Engineer will be integrated into a small to medium-sized team performing software development, integration, and testing of real-time systems. As the Sr Software Engineer, you will be responsible for hands-on technical work including designing, implementing, debugging, and resolving problems with real-time software applications, as well as supporting software verification efforts.

Our software applications are developed using C++, Java, and Ada programming languages executing on a variety of computing platforms running Linux/Unix operation systems.

This position will require an Interim secret clearance or above to start. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Skills/Experience:

•4+ years of prior object-oriented software development experience using C++, Java, and/or Ada as well as Linux/Unix operating systems.
•Established verbal and written communication skills. Works within a team construct to achieve program success.
•Experience in the code and test phases of Software Engineering. Familiarity with the Software Development Life Cycle.

This position will require an Interim secret clearance or above to start. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Education (including Major):
•BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Software Engineering, or relevant engineering discipline

Desired Skills/Experience:

•6+ yrs of prior object-oriented software development experience using C++, Java, and/or Ada as well as Linux/Unix operating systems.
•Real-time OS, preferably WindRiver Linux or LynxOS
•Scrum Master / Product Owner experience
•SBCs and BIOS update experience
•UML and preferably Model Driven Development using Rhapsody
•Agile software development
•Automated testing, continuous integration
•Standard MS-Office tools for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations
•SEI CMMI model
•Machine Learning, Cyber, and/or Artificial Intelligence techniques
•Active Security clearance at the Secret level

KEYWORDS: software, engineer, object-oriented, java, ada, linux, unix, c++, real-time, uml, code, test, agile

At Raytheon Technologies, we innovate to create solutions and solve complex challenges across all domains: from land and sea to air, space, and cyberspace. In doing so, we embrace the talent, expertise and perspectives of our diverse workforce, each bringing their skills, ideas and dedication to the work we do. We pride ourselves on our commitment to our customers, industry partners and our teammates, making a positive impact not only to our business, but also in our communities where we live and work. Our constant innovation is made possible by a strong culture, investing in our people, and an unwavering vision that is shared by Raytheon Technologies employees across the globe a vision of one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place.

What We Offer: Whether you are just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon Technologies offers a robust total rewards package that goes beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits Raytheon Technologies offers include parental (including paternal) leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care.

All these job responsibilities are to be executed in harmony with Raytheon Technologies' Code of Business Ethics and Conduct policy which sets the standard by which we operate and how we treat others.
Raytheon Technologies is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status, or any other protected factor.
This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.

169550

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.6,"Raytheon Missiles & Defense
3.6","Huntsville, AL",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
247,"Translational Data Scientist, Oncology Data Science","$77k-$136k
(Glassdoor Est.)","1 purpose...to reimagine medicine!

The Oncology Data Science (OncDS) group in NIBR brings together projects spanning the entire clinical development pipeline, across a wide and unique range of novel therapeutics (e.g.: targeted and immunotherapies, radioligands, cell and gene therapies). OncDS:
•Oversees NGS data generation and performs analysis for thousands of oncology clinical samples, informing drug discovery and development
•Integrates internal and external data across distinct clinical trials to produce recognized translational impact
•Applies cutting-edge technologies and analytic approaches to discover and characterize the molecular mechanisms of therapeutic response in individual cancer patients

We are seeking a data scientist who will advance the translation of multi-dimensional molecular data (e.g. NGS) to biomarker discovery in clinical trials. The successful candidate will nurture close collaborations with oncology clinical trial teams, interpret candidate biomarkers and contribute to large-scale meta-analyses across trials and indications. Specific job responsibilities include:
•Collaboration on the design and execution of molecular biomarker profiling studies in oncology clinical trials
•Exploration of molecular data in the context of clinical variables to discover biomarkers of response/resistance to therapy
•Communication of key findings to trial teams and diverse group of scientists
•Application of biostatistics and machine learning methods across datasets from multiple clinical trials to gain actionable biological insights
•Application and development of computational methods for analyses of longitudinal biomarker and clinical data to characterize patients’ response to treatment
•Development of innovative analytic approaches to integrate and visualize complex clinical datasets
•Interaction with clinicians, project managers, data engineers, and other scientists to facilitate progression of projects across milestones

Desirable Requirements:
•PhD, or M.S with 3-4 years of experience, in bioinformatics, biostatistics, genomics, computer science, or related field
•Track record of peer-reviewed publications demonstrating statistical and analytic rigor when tackling multidimensional omics datasets
•Expertise in machine learning and longitudinal data analysis preferred
•Knowledge of cancer genomics, immunology / immune-oncology, clinical and translational science preferred. Knowledge of RWE is a plus
•Programming expertise with fluency in one or more programming languages for bioinformatics and data science analyses such as R or Python
•Effective communication of complex concepts to diverse audiences
•Curiosity, creativity and drive towards solutions when facing scientific challenges

Why consider Novartis?
799 million. That’s how many lives our products touched in 2019. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

Imagine what you could do at Novartis!

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:
Novartis embraces diversity, equal opportunity and inclusion. We are committed to building diverse teams, representative of the patients and communities we serve, and we strive to create an inclusive workplace that cultivates bold innovation through collaboration, and empowers our people to unleash their full potential.

The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
248,Senior Staff Software Engineer - Machine Learning Acceleration,"$101k-$193k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

We are looking for a self-driven and experienced C++ software engineer to be part of the Xilinx Vitis AI Software team. The Vitis AI Software team develops core software for deploying Machine Learning applications on Xilinx Deep Learning processors.

Being a member of the Vitis AI Software team requires passion and motivation to solve challenging and technical problems with robust algorithms and features. Our code is optimized for high throughput and low-latency – core requirements for Machine Learning inference.

You will be part of a global team that works on the end-to-end Xilinx Vitis AI software stack. Our software...
starts with user Machine Learning models from popular frameworks such as Tensorflow and TVM
compiles them to target various FPGA Deep Learning accelerators
deploys them for execution on FPGA devices
The flexibility of Xilinx FPGA allows many Deep Learning accelerator designs to be deployed on the same FPGA device. And since FPGAs are programmable, Vitis AI also allows users to optimize the user’s entire end-to-end system. The FPGA can deploy not only Deep Learning accelerators on Edge and in the Cloud – it can also be combined with other modules such as Vision or Post-processing – accelerating the user’s whole application on one chip.

Because of that, you will get a unique chance to work with possibly the largest portfolio of Deep Learning accelerator Hardware, Compiler and Software designs in the industry. It is also the most flexible portfolio of Deep Learning accelerators. Xilinx FPGA makes it easy to optimize each accelerator for a specific user application. It is also easy to experiment with state-of-the-art techniques (such as quantization or pruning).

As such, Vitis-AI software is not custom code tuned for one Machine Learning application. You will join us in our exciting effort to design and implement a simple, robust and general Software Stack to efficiently deploy all current and future FPGA accelerators.

As a Sr Staff Software Engineer, you will be a core member in our global team of RTL, Compiler, Software and Application Engineers. We work together from our offices in San Jose HQ, Beijing, and Hyderabad. Because of that, good communication and teamwork are essential. This listing is for a position in our San Jose headquarters.

In this team, members are involved in all aspects of Deep Learning accelerator development: design, prototyping, implementation, testing, and productization. The team is dynamic and offers each member personal opportunity to grow their knowledge and skills in complex problem solving, product development and software engineering.

Learn more about Xilinx and Vitis AI by visiting us at https://github.com/Xilinx/Vitis-AI

MSEE/MSCS with a minimum of 8 years of relevant work experience in software industry
Strong software development and debug skills
Must be able to demonstrate strong analytical and problem solving ability.
Must be able to excel in a team environment with good interpersonal and communication skills.
Fluency in C++, data structures, algorithms, parallel programming and operating systems
Experience with Machine Learning models and applications is preferred
]]>",3.8,"Xilinx
3.8","San Jose, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1984,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
249,"Senior Software Engineer, Machine Learning and Intelligence","$144k-$180k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Design. Disrupt. Repeat.
Be an agent of change on a team committed to achieving client-focused, mission-driven excellence. Steampunk is looking for an experienced RPA Architect Developer with an appetite for taking on new challenges.
Who We Are
Steampunk is the explosive collision of human-centered design and traditional government contracting. An employee-owned company with a startup mindset and time-tested approaches tailored for the federal government, we’re passionate about creating solutions that are impactful, practical, scalable, and most importantly, that meet our clients’ ever-changing needs.
At Steampunk, we believe in disrupting the status quo and setting the pace in the ecosystem of government contractors, while repurposing tried-and-true methodologies. We believe in empowering our people to find creative solutions to intractable problems. We believe the best environment in which to grow and thrive is outside our comfort zone.
While good design makes for a good product, we believe human-centered design makes for an excellent one.
We also believe effective teams are powered by diverse perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences. To that end, Steampunk is an equal opportunity employer committed to promoting diversity of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, national origin, disability status, and protected veteran status, amongst our ranks. Additionally, we participate in the E-Verify program.
Why Steampunk?
Our people are the very core of what we do; their expertise and hunger for new and exciting challenges fuel our relentless pursuit of mission success. As part of our team of “Punks,” you’ll test the status quo, explore new boundaries, and set the bar high for how government clients expect to engage with contractors.
Because we value our employees’ work/life balance (and believe those who work hard deserve to play hard), we offer a very competitive benefits package, including telework/flex scheduling, health/dental with orthodontics/vision insurance upon hire, paid time off with a sell-back benefit and carryover option, 11 Federal Holidays, 100% paid military leave, 100% 401(k) plan match upon hire, professional development/education reimbursement, all flexible spending accounts, and more

As an RPA/Automation Developer, you will work with Technical/Solutions Architects and Developers to translate business requirements into well‐architected solutions that best leverage the RPA platforms. Develop, test, document and maintain solutions, integrations, and data migration elements of a RPA implementation using RPA Platforms. Execute test plans to ensure quality delivery using test code and unit tests. Follow coding standards and participate in code reviews during projects to ensure appropriate design patterns are followed. You will work on mission apps across a broader team of cross-functional resources. You will partner with product managers and own the development aspects of an engagement.
We need someone who is passionate about RPA to:
Be the lead technical architect for RPA solutions
Lead the development team to ensure quality and timely delivery of projects by working closely with the development team and project manager
Work with process subject matter experts (SMEs) to understand key process requirements and document the current state by leveraging existing documentation, conducting interviews and observations
Support the creation of process maps and designs work collaboratively with a RPA development team for automation of processes, and support the development team as needed to ensure successful deployment
Mapping the as-is process and translating the process into automated steps
Working with stakeholders to define the manual rules used today to govern the process and then translating those rules into automated commands
Configuring, testing and deploying the automation with integration to internal and external data bases
Monitoring and measuring the effectiveness of the bots to report on impact of the solution
Develop RPA client solutions focusing on scalability and extensibility
Work with the Product Owners and Business Analysts to execute project plans for implementation projects Work with the RPA Architect and Operations team to execute deployment plans
Have exposure to wide variety of technology problems and their solutions and use that to drive the adoption of best practices around coding, design, quality, and performance in the team
Working with a dynamic team to refine and expand the automation based upon users feedback

5 Years proven experience in Robotic Process Automations (RPA) (such as UIPath, Automation Anywhere, and/or BluePrism)
Proven experience in programming (.NET, Java, ETL etc.) with a specific focus on developing Bots
Demonstrated expertise with multiple full life cycle analytics or systems integration engagements across strategy, design and implementation.
Bachelor s degree in technology, engineering and computer science relevant field
RPA Developer certification, desired; related or equivalent certifications acceptable
Experience leading the configuration, development, testing and deployment of automation solutions
Experience with Agile project delivery methods, tools, and concepts
Work with a cross functional team to tackle complex challenges
Help maintain quality and organization of platform code and data
Communicate effectively with clients and team members
BA/BS degree from an accredited college/university
Breadth of experience in software design/development and database architecture
Ability to communicate effectively with a diverse set of customers or partners across multiple disciplines

Steampunk is a Change Agent in the Federal contracting industry, bringing new thinking to clients in the Homeland, Federal Civilian, Health and DoD sectors. Through our Human-Centered delivery methodology, we are fundamentally changing the expectations our Federal clients have for true shared accountability in solving their toughest mission challenges. As an employee owned company, we focus on investing in our employees to enable them to do the greatest work of their careers – and rewarding them for outstanding contributions to our growth. If you want to learn more about our story, visit http://www.steampunk.com.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Steampunk participates in the E-Verify program.",4.6,"steampunk
4.6","McLean, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
250,Senior Cloud Engineer,-1,"Title Senior Cloud Engineer
Location Sandvine USA
Department Name Analytics & Cloud
External Description
Transform the way the world runs networks

The Opportunity
As a member of Analytics & Cloud Solutions software development team, you will be responsible for design, development, delivery, & support of cloud products that run on private cloud (OpenStack) and public cloud (AWS). You will have a direct hand in bringing Sandvine cloud products to the market on-time with quality and contributing to the success of our Analytics & Cloud business.
The Job
As an experienced senior software developer, you will be working with development teams to build cloud software products that run on OpenStack and AWS platforms
Design, develop, & deliver cloud software products that are easy to deploy & manage, highly performant, scalable, and fault-tolerant
Enable deployment of Sandvine products in a customer private and public clouds
You will work as an integral member of a self-directed Agile development team employing a Scrum-based methodology
Continuous improvement is part of our DNA, you are encouraged to find new ways of doing things that will continuously improve daily work
Stay current on public and private cloud technologies
What Skills You Bring
BS/MS in Computer Science or Equivalent
5+ years of software development, out of which 2+ years of experience in the design and development of software products that run on OpenStack and AWS cloud platforms. Also, knowledge & know-how on automating the deployment of such applications is a must
Hands-on experience with OpenStack technologies is a must
Hands-on experience with AWS technologies is a must
Experience in Azure and GCP is a plus
Self-motivated and able to deliver on commitments on-time all the time with quality
Proactive & willing to take challenging technical initiatives that may be completely new
Able to work independently as well as within a geographically distributed agile development team
Ability to troubleshoot and quickly resolve problems
Excellent written and verbal communications skills are important
The Company
Networks are evolving, and operators need to keep up. At Sandvine, we’re working with innovative customers who are looking to embrace change and constantly improve. By combining analytics, machine learning, and automation, we help hundreds of network operators around the world make their networks run simpler and smarter – all while exceeding their expectations.
As a Sandviner, you’ll take on new challenges, learn from industry leaders, and contribute to creative solutions as part of a growing team that is transforming the way the world runs networks.

What can you expect from us
Competitive compensation plan
Benefits and vacation from day one
Flexible working hours – in some roles work from home
Employee development including training programs and mentorship
Career development and advancement opportunities
International travel opportunities (role-dependent)
Thank you for your interest in Sandvine. While we’re not able to reach out to everyone who applies, we will contact you if your skills and experience are a match for the role.
Sandvine is committed to supporting a culture of inclusion. We welcome and encourage applications from all qualified applicants regardless of race, ethnic origin, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, ability or disability.
If you have an interview or workplace accommodation request, please contact our Global Talent Acquisition Team at careers@sandvine.com.",3.2,"Sandvine
3.2",United States,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
251,Senior Machine Learning Engineer,"$169k-$281k
(Glassdoor Est.)","With the continued impact of COVID-19 and social distancing measures, Kensho is conducting all interviews and on-boarding activities remotely. At the present time, all employees are working remotely, until further notice. When the time comes to open our offices, Kensho will fully support those employees who would like to continue working remotely and not ask anyone to return to the office until they are comfortable.

At Kensho, we hire talented people and give them the freedom, support, and resources needed to build cutting edge technology and products for our parent company, S&P Global. As a result, we produce technology that is scalable, robust, and solves the challenges of one of the world’s largest, most successful financial institutions.
As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for tackling a wide range of problems from natural language processing to timeseries prediction. You will move beyond the theoretical confines of academia and apply your tradecraft to build machine learning systems on real world data. In this role, you will constantly collaborate and work with groups of engineers. Our Machine Learning team is responsible for delivering ML-based solutions from problem framing, to prototyping, and production application.
Are you looking to make impactful, scalable contributions that transform the way we think about data? If so, we would love to help you excel here at Kensho. We take pride in our tightly-knit, team-based community that provides our Kenshins with a collaborative, supportive environment to bring transparency to the biggest challenges in data.
What You’ll Do
You will conduct original research on large proprietary and open source data sets
Identify, research, prototype, and build predictive products
You will build cutting-edge models for understanding vast amounts of textual data
Write production code
You will write tests to ensure the robustness and reliability of your productionized models
You will work closely with software engineers to build incredible systems
Technologies You’ll Use
Python and specifically NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, SciKit-learn
Neural network packages like TensorFlow/Keras and pytorch
ML packages like LightGBM and XGBoost
OpenFST
Elasticsearch
Required Skills, Knowledge & Experience
You have 5+ years of experience being a major machine learning contributor at a top company, hedge fund, or university
You have at least one core programming expertise, such as Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas), MATLAB, or R
You have experience with advanced machine learning methods
You possess strong statistical knowledge, intuition, and experience modeling real data
You demonstrate effective coding, documentation, and communication habits
You have a strong research acumen and experiment design skills
You have the ability and credibility to lead a team
You have a stellar ability to communicate even the most complicated methods and results to a broad, often non-technical audience
Several of the following terms should hold deep meaning for you: LSTM, lookahead bias, bagging, boosting, stacking, information retrieval, batch norm, entity recognition, bootstrapping, Glorot initialization, Kullback-Leibler divergence, GLOVE, SMAPE, HMM, MAP, exponential family, VC dimension, EM, L1, TD(Lambda)
How to Really Get Our Attention
Your GitHub/Kaggle profile shows a project or problems you’ve tackled
You have relevant research or publications
You are a specialist in deep learning in an academic setting or production-grade machine learning


At Kensho, we pride ourselves on providing top-of-market benefits, including:
- Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
- 100% company paid premiums
- Unlimited Paid Time Off
- 18 weeks of 100% paid Parental Leave (paternity and maternity)
- 401(k) plan with 6% employer matching
- Generous company matching on donations to non-profit charities
- Up to $20,000 tuition assistance toward degree programs, plus up to $4,000/year for ongoing professional education such as industry conferences
- Plentiful snacks, drinks, and regularly catered lunches
- Dog-friendly office (CAM office)
- In-office gyms and showers (CAM, DC) or Equinox membership (LA, NYC)
- Stipend towards commuter or gym reimbursement
- Bike sharing program memberships
- Compassion leave and elder care leave
- Mentoring and additional learning opportunities
- Opportunity to expand professional network and participate in conferences and events
About Kensho
Kensho uses machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing and data visualization techniques to solve some of the hardest analytical problems and create breakthrough financial intelligence solutions for our parent company, S&P Global.
Kensho was founded in 2013 by Harvard & MIT alums and was acquired by S&P Global in 2018. Kensho continues to operate as a startup in order to maintain our distinct, independent brand and to promote our breakthrough, innovative culture. Our team of Kenshins enjoy a dynamic and collaborative work environment that runs autonomously from S&P, while leveraging the unparalleled breadth and depth of data and resources available as part of S&P Global. As Kenshins, we pride ourselves on maintaining an innovative culture that depends on diversity and inclusion.
We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives. Kensho is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with offices in New York City, Washington D.C. and Los Angeles. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"Kensho
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
252,Machine Learning Engineer,-1,"Opportunity overview

Cohere Health is simplifying healthcare for patients, their doctors, and all those who are important in a patient's healthcare experience. Our focus is to enable an efficient, transparent patient journey where patient goals are central to decision-making.

We are a mission-driven and fast-growing company obsessed with eliminating the wasteful friction patients and doctors experience, particularly for diagnoses that require expensive procedures or medications. To that end, we build products and services that ensure the appropriate plan of care is understood and expeditiously approved, so that patients and doctors can focus on health, rather than payment or administrative hassles.

In this role, you'll join our growing team of world-class engineers, statisticians, and clinical experts to deploy machine learning algorithms that help automate burdensome administrative clinical practices. You will be tasked with finding the most promising opportunities for impact and then delivering on them.

What you will do:
Find the signal in incoherent clinical data
Build reliable and scalable production machine learning systems
Work on feature engineering, statistical analysis, developing novel ML techniques, understanding classifier performance, and ensuring fit-for-purpose.
Work cross-functionally across diverse stakeholders, including product managers, statisticians, EHR data specialists and physicians.
What you will have:
You have at 3 years experience in applied ML in the industry with a degree or higher (MS/PhD) in computer science, machine learning, mathematics or similar field
Clear understanding of model building, model maintenance and the measures that optimize models for product use
Understand experimental design and can independently perform collection, measurement, and interpretation of results
Expert in R, SQL,Python or other common analytical data tools
Expert in linear regression and classification approaches
Bonus points if:


Have experience with healthcare data such as claims and EMR data
Have hands on experience building NLP models using Spacy from clinical narratives
Experience with TensorFlow is also a plus.
We can't wait to learn more about you and meet you at Cohere Health!",5.0,"Cohere Health
5.0","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
253,AI Ops Data Scientist,"$116k-$141k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company

AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines for some of the world's most serious diseases. But we're more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, we're proud to have a unique workplace culture that inspires innovation and collaboration. Here, employees are empowered to express diverse perspectives and are made to feel valued, energized and rewarded for their ideas and creativity.

Role

We are looking for a data scientist to join our new AI Ops platform team in Science IT. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working in a range of different cloud environments where they devised and deployed large-scale production infrastructure and platforms for data science. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting data & prediction problems in drug discovery.

The successful candidate will be part of a new, close-knit team of deeply technical experts and together have the chance to create tools that will advance the standard of healthcare, improving the lives of millions of patients across the globe. Our data science environments will support major AI initiatives such as clinical trial data analysis, knowledge graphs, imaging & omics for our therapy areas. You will also have responsibility to help provide the frameworks for data scientists to develop scalable machine learning and predictive models with our growing data science community, in a safe and robust manner.

As a strong software leader and an expert in building complex systems, you will be responsible for inventing how we use technology, machine learning, and data to enable the productivity of AstraZeneca. You will help envision, build, deploy and develop our next generation of data engines and tools at scale. You will be bridging the gap between science and engineering and functioning with deep expertise in both worlds.

Key Accountabilities
Liaise with R&D data scientists to understand their challenges and work with them to help productionise models and algorithms.
Be part of the development roadmap to build and operationalise our data science environment, platforms and tooling.
Support any external opportunities, through close partnership and engagement such as Benevolent.AI collaboration.
Deployment of systems, applications and tooling for data science on cloud environments.
Understanding of the necessary guardrails required for different use cases and data sensitivities.
Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU).
Provide the necessary infrastructure and platform to support the deployment and monitoring of ML solutions in production Optimizing solutions for performance and scalability.
Liaise with the Data Engineering team to ensure that the platform and the solutions deployment therein benefit from an optimised and scalable data flow between source systems and analytical models
Implementing custom machine learning code and developing benchmarking capabilities to monitor drift of any analyses over time.
Understanding of the latest AI webservices and data science tools, from DataBricks to citizen data science tools like Dataiku, C3.AI and Domino. Experience working on regulatory data would be helpful but not essential.
Liaise with other teams to enhance our technological stack, to enable the adoption of the latest advances in Data Processing and AI
Being an active member of the Data Science team, you will benefit from, and contribute to, our expanding bank of Data Science algorithms and work efficiently with our data science infrastructure.
Testing and assessing the quality of new tools.
Team recruitment, training provision and coaching
Candidate Knowledge, Skills and Experience
BSc in Computer Science or related quantitative field or MSc/Ph.D degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field.
More than 2 years of experience and demonstrable deep technical skills in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, natural language processing or computer vision.
Experience managing an enterprise platform and service, handling new customer demand and feature requests.
Strong software coding skills, with proficiency in Python and Scala preferred.
Significant experience with AWS cloud environments, working knowledge of Google and Azure platforms. Knowledge of Kubernetes, S3, EC2, Sagemaker, Athena, RDS and Glue is essential. Certification in appropriate areas will be viewed favourably.
Experience with best practice of data transport and storage within cloud system.
Experience building large scale data processing pipelines. e. g. Hadoop/Spark and SQL.
Experience provisioning computational resources in a variety of environments.
Experience with containers and microservice architectures e.g. Kubernetes, Docker and serverless approaches.
Experience with automation strategies e.g. CI/CD, gitops.
Use of Data Science modelling tools e.g. R, Python, SAS and Data Science notebooks (e.g. Jupyter).
Creative, collaborative, & product focused.
Ability to just get things done.",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
254,"Senior Data Scientist (Palo Alto, CA or Remote US)",-1,"The Opportunity

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered price and promotions. Eversight's proprietary cloud-based SaaS solution brings AI and continuous experimentation to consumer brands and retailers. Our software acts as a coach, enabling market leaders to transform pricing and promotion strategy for the $3.4 trillion spent in consumer goods retail using intelligent, real-time data and insights.

Reporting directly to the Head of Data Science, you will be at the center of what determines Eversight's success as a company. You will analyze the data and develop production code using the newest Data Science and Machine Learning techniques to determine the optimal prices and promotions for major product manufacturers and retailers that sell these products.

Responsibilities
Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:
Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.
Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be important.
Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products
Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line
Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)
Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions
Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients
Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights
Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact
Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product
Behavioral Profile
Analytical, framework thinker
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment
Highly collaborative
Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences
Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in Data Science and/or Machine Learning with direct impact on business value
B.S., M.S., or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Machine Learning, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field
Strong understanding of Generalized Linear Models
Ability to write efficient code in Python
Experience with Hypothesis Testing and Maximum Likelihood Estimation
Preferred Qualifications
Team leadership experience strongly preferred
Startup experience strongly preferred
Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments
Agile experience
Experience with NumPy and Pandas (or equivalent experience in R)
Strong in math and statistics: Linear Algebra, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus
Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)
Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience


Location

Palo Alto, CA

About the Company

Eversight is the recognized leader in AI-powered pricing and promotions. Global brands and retailers rely on the Eversight platform to optimize pricing in response to market conditions and to deliver higher ROI on promotional spend. Eversight's Pricing Suite and Offer Innovation Suite solutions are driving strong margin and sales volume improvements for leading companies such as Coca-Cola, General Mills, Raley's, and Rite Aid. Founded in 2013, Eversight is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, with offices in Chicago and New York.",4.2,"Eversight
4.2",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
255,Data Scientist/ Analyst,"$70k-$116k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Join our Renewables Operations team
in Houston, TX or Chicago, IL as a Renewable Generation Performance Engineer.

In this role, you will be responsible
for support functions relating to solar generation facilities betterment,
facilities efficiency of monitoring and reporting (via automation), plant
performance measurements, and maintain supplier and service provider
relationships as it relates to generation portfolio performance. This position
reports directly to the Director Performance Monitoring & Analytics.

What you’ll do:

Help facilitate improvement /
automation of operations and reporting tasks via SQL procedures, and
other script languages.

Work
with site engineers to monitor and evaluate equipment and system
performance by examining and trending the results of condition-monitoring
activities, reviewing equipment failures, analyzing
availability/reliability information.
Follow-up actions, based on identified problems, trends, and root
cause determinations, are timely and effective.

Improve
solar site performance by providing recommendations regarding
availability, production and reliability issues/initiatives to Engie site
and senior level management.

Lead
standardization of operations and maintenance and engineering processes
including reporting functions

Work
with various internal and external groups including engineering and
technical support personnel, site operating personnel and Engie global
performance teams other teams in Asset Management.

Support
the site in developing (RCA’s) for inverters, trackers, and panel faults
and failures and work OEM ‘s to provide upgrades and develop
implementation plans to remedy.

Manage
solar equipment suppliers’ technical resources to ensure focus on
priorities and achieve performance improvement targets by being ENGIE’s
technical point of contact.

Support
operational reviews, solar site commissioning, end of warranty
inspections and procurement to ensure proper equipment selection and
operation

Ability
to travel for short term assignments as required.

Act
as a team member with all employees of the solar sites and collaborate
with members of the ENGIE team at other sites across various businesses.

Work
multiple projects concurrently including supporting future business
development projects.

Qualifications

What you bring:

Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science
required, computer credits certifications a plus.

Minimum two years of relevant experience.

Desired working knowledge of wind and/or solar power
generation equipment, and applicable SCADA control and HMI systems.

Possess
strong planning, scheduling and project management skills with the
ability to plan and work independently.

Possess
strong computer and analytical skills; ability to use and program
databases (SQL, Python, Pearl, BASH). Expertise of Microsoft Office
(excel pivot tables, advanced formula’s)

Expertise
using VM environments like Virtual box, Azure and AWS.

Desired
working knowledge of Linux.

Must
have and be able to maintain a valid driver’s license.

Why ENGIE?

ENGIE North America isn’t just participating
in the Zero-Carbon transition, we’re leading it! Join us as we develop energy
that is more renewable, more efficient and more accessible to everyone.

Unite with us in leading the transformation of the world of energy! ENGIE is
looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy
and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that
encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy
challenges today and in the future. Are you up for the challenge?

ENGIE is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability.

This job advertisement is supported
by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. All related inquiries must be
communicated through Talent Acquisition and not directed to ENGIE North
America Managers. Failure to follow the ENA process may result in nonpayment
of agency fees.

Job

:

Operations / Production sites

Primary Location

:

North America-United States-Texas-Houston

North America-United States-Illinois-Chicago

Organization

:

ENA Renewables

Schedule

:

Full-time

Nature of Responsibility

:

Senior professionnal / Team leader

Job Posting

:

Aug 29, 2020, 3:06:48 AM",3.7,"ENGIE North America Inc.
3.7","Houston, TX",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
256,Data Scientist,"$95k-$118k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist
In this role, you will be set on a constant “treasure hunt” for new data sources to apply the latest techniques for modeling and data analysis. You will be part of a team driving the profit and customer growth of this growing insurance agency.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Working with internal and external data to understand and accurately predict:
Shopping behavior;
Retention behavior;
Quote and conversion rates;
Retention and lifetime customer value;
Contribution to overall margin;
Customer satisfaction; and
Other drivers of success you identify worthy of analysis.
Qualifications and Education
Knowledge of new and innovative modeling and statistical techniques – a relevant specialty is preferred.
Detail orientation – attention and desire to work on large data “crunching” projects.
Strong written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize information from various sources and apply that information to concrete business problems.
Ability to work with and understanding of the merits of various data structures.
Proficiency with the latest modeling software and techniques, such as SAS, R, Python or Tableau.
Ability to understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation.

Education:
An advanced degree in mathematics, machine learning, economics, statistics or a related field.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
257,Senior Machine Learning Engineer,"$145k-$236k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Position Title: Senior Machine Learning Engineer

Data Science is pretty much our business - we drive conversions. Given our massive scale, relatively modest improvements can have an outsized impact.

Responsibilities:
Experiment and improve machine learning models for the recommendation/ad optimization system.
Inform bidding strategy and data engineering architecture.
Understand various ad-optimization algorithms (CTR prediction, eCPM optimization, user targeting and segmentation, RTB optimization, Exploration/Exploitation Algos)
Competencies:
Solid object-oriented programming skill (Scala or Java) and at least one scripting language such as Python/R.
Packages: scikit-learn, TensorFlow.
Scaling GPU clusters to train deep neural networks.
Experimental Design and statistical inference.
Deep expertise in recommendation systems, classification models, class imbalance, and model calibration.
Experience with BigQuery or PySpark or another modern method to access data.
Experience with deploying and monitoring real-time model endpoint in AWS SageMaker is a plus.
Requirements:
B.S./M.S., in Computer Science or similar applied technical field.
Hands-on Machine Learning related industry projects.
Ability to work in a fast paced, test-driven collaborative and iterative programming environment.
Understand major supervised learning and unsupervised learning algorithms (Artificial/Deep Neural Networks, Boosting algorithms, Random Forest, SVM, Naive Bayes, PCA, K-means variants, etc).
Understand major recommendation systems approaches and corresponding algorithms.
Understand statistical hypothesis testing (ex. A/B testing)
Strong understanding of Algorithms, Data Structures and Machine Learning / Data Mining
Understanding of RDBMS, SQL and NoSQL alternatives
Tapjoy is a leading mobile advertising and app monetization company. Our platform empowers advertisers to connect with over 975 million monthly active users through value exchange advertising that drives awareness, engagement and the metrics that matter most to their overall growth. Meanwhile, companies such as Scopely, Crowdstar, Topps and many of the Top 200 grossing app publishers trust our platform to monetize their content, grow their audiences and reward their users. Founded in 2007 and headquartered in San Francisco, Tapjoy is a global organization with more than a dozen offices worldwide.

Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com.

]]>",3.6,"Tapjoy
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
258,Sr. Analyst - Big Data Engineer,"$61k-$114k
(Glassdoor Est.)","British American Tobacco
Job Number: 26901

Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; and Reynolds Brands, Inc.. This position is with RAI Services Company (2200).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.

The Big Data/Data Science Engineer role is a highly visible position that is an integral part of the Information & Digital Technology (IDT) team with tremendous career growth opportunities. This position provides an opportunity for technology leadership and support to cross-functional client areas and the IDT leadership team.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:
Serves as a productive project team member delivering high quality results for assigned tasks. Assists the project manager with project planning by assisting with the development of work plans, effort estimates and delivery timelines for assigned tasks
Builds expertise in Project Management discipline by leading and delivering projects (on time, within scope and within budget).
Assists in the identification, development, testing and implementation of new technologies, processes and services to provide the most efficient solutions to accomplish goals.
Effectively engages with contracted vendor services providing input to help monitor and improve the vendor’s performance.
Maintains awareness of emerging technology and communicates value/impact for supported functions.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their big data platform related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Builds data pipelines to data lakes for new data sources and also data extractions to Data Science solutions and Reporting tools.
Creates POC data science/reporting solutions and explains the solutions to the stake holders.
Operationalize the Models in production and monitors the model drift and data drift.
Analyzes business and client needs to ensure that their unstructured data related needs are supported, forecasted, incorporated into technology roadmaps and ultimately implemented in a platform as a service model.
Lead coding and architecting of end-to-end AI applications on modern data processing technology stack (familiar with Chatbots, Image recognition, NLP, Voice technologies)
Drive collaborative reviews of design, code, data, features implementation performed by other data engineers in support of maintaining data engineering standards
Tests, integrates and maintains technology services, considering cross-functional business needs and Company goals.
Coordinates issue resolution with cross functional teams and vendors.
Builds IT Department services acumen to effectively leverage existing IT services to meet client needs.
Gains understanding of and supports the business processes of the assigned functions.
Interfaces comfortably with internal clients, co-workers and vendors building credibility and championing change.
Provides knowledge transfer and feedback to assist team and co-workers.
Job Requirements:

Education:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Information Systems or related area required, or related business experience
Experience:
Strong knowledge of AI/ML with at least 2-4 years of experience in Python/R programming knowledge required
Required Skills:
Must be a strategic thinker with strong influencing skills.
Demonstrated effective oral and written communication skills including both the ability to address detailed technical communications as well as the ability to distill complete technical status to executive level
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Strong analytical skills with an ability to recommend changes.
Must possess a high sense of urgency and work ethic.
Must be a self-starter who can work with minimal supervision, with the expectation of working as a motivated and cooperative team member.
Must be detail oriented, reliable, financially responsible, and have a proven track record of accomplishments.
Demonstrated ability to challenge the status quo.
Demonstrated experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS Big Data toolsets, CloudFormation, etc.)
Expertise and experience with software development and related techniques and methodologies such Agile
Experience with development of analytics and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required (Preferably implementing RGM, Marketing Mix, Consumer Segmentation)
Experience in managing production data science models and familiar with model and data drifts.
Experience with development of AI solutions and data science-based solutions using open source tools and libraries is required.
Creating Guard rails for Vendors on AI solutions on NLP, Chatbots, Image recognition & Voice.
Productionalize the full pipeline including distributed Machine Learning models (e.g., training/test pipeline, offer eligibility, data layer, feature layer, etc.)
Proficient in PySpark, Python, SQL, Java/Scala, No SQL
Preferred Skills
Knowledge of AWS Cloud technologies is preferred
Knowledge of Big Data Technologies (EMR, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Knowledge of SQL/NoSQL
Strong development experience with Python, Java, Scala, and related Linux-based scripting tools
Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Salem
Nearest Secondary Market: Winston
Job Segment:
Database, Engineer, Data Analyst, Information Systems, Computer Science, Technology, Engineering, Data",3.4,"Reynolds American
3.4","Winston-Salem, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1875,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
259,Injection Molding Machine Operator,-1,"_Immediate Opening: Injection Molding Machine Operator (Entry Level)_*
Cambridge Security Seals seeks an entry-level Machine Operator with an interest in injection molding and automated manufacturing. This is a full time, non -exempt hourly role paid weekly. This is an immediate opening at our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Pomona, NY.

The primary focus of this position will be to support our growing manufacturing needs

This is a unique entry level opportunity for the right candidate seeking to learn to contribute in a manufacturing team environment and join a rapidly growing company with best-in-class products and a culture of continuous improvement. At CSS, our Machine Operators contribute to a wide variety of products across many aspects of manufacturing, quality, and operations.

Our ideal candidate is hard-working, with a mechanical aptitude and an eye for quality. This person should also be a team player with strong communication skills and driven to succeed. Some experience is certainly advantageous, but not essential, as our in-house training will provide the tools necessary for the right candidate to achieve success. This is a position with growth opportunity within the organization. We need leaders and technically proficient persons at the next levels for our growth and believe in promoting from within our organization.
_Mechanical Engineer (Entry Level) Responsibilities_*
Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:

· Tending to injection molding machines and automated assembly and production lines which include ultrasonic and spin welding, laser and hot stamp marking and other automated inspection and packaging processes and the products they produce.

· Production documentation including accurate part count and scrap reporting.

· Assist with Set-up of machine, automation lines and materials handling.

· Product packaging both manual and automated.

· Quality inspections and documentation.

· Maintaining a clean and well-organized work area.

· Assist Shift Supervisor with any or all duties required or assigned to maintain production.

· Assist in troubleshooting by reporting quality or mechanical issues and effectively communicate those issues.

· Review part prints and ensure material and part conformance and product specifications and associated in process inspections are complete.

· Gradually increased involvement in developing machine processing skills, positioning for advancement.
_Required Qualifications _*
The ideal candidate will have:

• A high school education, Diploma, with an interest in manufacturing.

• A performance-driven, team-oriented and client-focused attitude/demeanor.

• Good written/verbal communication skills and an impressive work ethic.

• Strong attention to detail.

• A strong mechanical/technical aptitude or background with a willingness to learn.

• Ability to follow both written and verbal instructions in English.

• Must be able to work standing for an entire shift with frequent lifting up to 25 pounds.

• The ability to work productively and cooperatively in a team environment.

• Must be reliable and on time.

• Must pass our mandatory drug screening.

This is a manufacturing-facility-based position in Rockland County. You must presently live in or have a reasonable daily commute to the Rockland County area. In addition, you must pass initial and random drug testing.
_Compensation and Benefits_*
• Stable, positive work environment

• Starting hourly rate based on your shift and experience.

• Participation in our company’s benefits plan (upon eligibility).

• Participation in our company’s 401K plan (upon eligibility).

• Paid vacation and personal days (upon eligibility).
_About Cambridge Security Seals_*
Cambridge Security Seals is a privately held enterprise headquartered in Pomona, New York. CSS is one of the world's leading manufacturers and suppliers of tamper-evident, tamper-resistant, and high-security loss prevention seals, track-and-trace devices, and allied products to meet the growing needs of customers across a wide range of industries.

Our team of manufacturing operator specialists, engineers, operations professionals work as a cohesive unit to address all the challenges across an extremely wide scope of applications faced by our diverse customer base across industries ranging from Airlines, Transportation & Logistics to Healthcare, Pharmaceutical, Nuclear, Medical, and Fire Safety. Using cutting-edge production technologies and tapping into cross-industry development resources, we collaborate to develop innovative solutions that uniquely position our company to provide safe and secure tamper-proof and tamper-evident products to support the demands of a rapidly changing world.

You may also apply in person at our facility 08:00-16:00 M-F

One Cambridge Plaza Pomona, NY 10970

_Cambridge Security Seals is an equal opportunity employer. _

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $13.00 - $14.50 per hour

Experience:
supervisory: 1 year (Preferred)
maintaining: 1 year (Preferred)
manufacturing engineering: 1 year (Preferred)
injection molding: 1 year (Preferred)
plastic injection molding: 1 year (Preferred)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Typical start time:
6AM
Typical end time:
6PM
Pay Frequency:
Weekly
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Open to applicants under 18 years old, provided it is legally allowed for the job and location
Open to applicants who do not have a college diploma
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends required
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Cambridge Security Seals,"Pomona, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
260,"Software Engineer, US Engagement",-1,"Overview


SmartNews is a leading mobile app of news aggregation services. We analyze millions of articles to deliver the most engaging information with high quality, in near-real time fashion, to millions of users around the world. We are looking for talented backend engineers to help us build user growth and engagement related features in the US market. Together, we are working to break through the filter bubble and deliver the best quality information to our end users.

Responsibilities
Design and implement scalable backend solutions (client-server protocols, business logic, database layer, etc) end to end for user facing features
Identify bottlenecks and apply optimizations in complex distributed systems
Collaborate cross functionally with mobile, frontend, machine learning engineers and product managers to communicate challenges and define milestones
Provide thoughtful code reviews and technical insights to multiply team productivity
Requirements

Minimum Requirements
3+ years of experience working on backend development in large scale distributed system
Hands on coding experience that delivers scalable and fault tolerant components with test strategy in mind
Experience solving complex problems with other engineers and business stakeholders in backend environment and drive the progress of execution to the finish line
Ability to guide and onboard junior engineers on technical side
Expert coding abilities in multiple programming languages (e.g. Java, C++, Python, Golang)
MS or BS in computer science, mathematics, physics or other quantitative fields|
Preferred Requirements
Proficient coding skills in Java and familiar with Java frameworks
Experience with public cloud technologies like AWS, GCP, Azure, etc
Experience working with user growth and engagement related projects in large scale
Strong interest in news media and our mission to deliver high quality information to the world",4.7,"SmartNews, Inc.
4.7","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
261,Linux BSP Software Engineer - (Contract),-1,"Pivotal Commware develops 5G communications platforms, systems and applications based on Holographic Beam Forming® , a patented breakthrough in electromagnetic physics. HBF allows Pivotal to create software-defined antennas that can harness, shape and direct radio waves with order-of magnitude advantages over legacy beamforming systems in cost, size, weight and power consumption (C-SWaP). HBF enables mobile network operators to maximize capacity, coverage and throughput on demand and is recognized as an essential element in the 5G ecosystem. 5G leadership is pivotal to the US economy, and 5G is Pivotal™.

Pivotal is seeking an experienced Linux BSP Software Engineer to support and lead fast-paced projects while working closely with a small group of scientists, engineers, and business leaders in a start-up environment. The candidate will be responsible for board bring-up, Linux drivers and general BSP support.
The successful candidate will demonstrate the ability to think creatively and to operate within a flexible, fast-paced program dedicated to advancing the state of the art Holographic Beamforming Antenna systems. Candidate will work in our Embedded Software team, dealing with Linux BSP, drivers, and embedded firmware development. This position is contractual through the remainder of the year and reports to the Embedded Software Development Manager.
Responsibilities
Develop BSP for ARM processor based boards including U-Boot, Linux kernel, and device driver development for initial board bring-up and system integration
Maintain and support Yocto embedded Linux build system in a continuous integration environment, including packaging and deployment of software using version control
Participate and contribute to software architecture for a variety of hardware components
Maintain and enhance current embedded Linux kernel code and scripts
Implement software for a high volume consumer device
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in CE, CS, EE or related degree with 5+ years of experience as an Embedded Linux Engineer/Firmware Engineer or related title
2+ years hands-on board bring-up and Linux device driver development experience
Experience in developing and debugging device drivers, bootloaders, or board support packages
Strong proficiency with C, embedded Linux, and Yocto
Understanding schematics, experience with logic analyzers, oscilloscopes, and JTAG
SPI and I2C busses, BLE, and/or LTE modem driver experience
The individual must have excellent communication skills and coordinate with a cross-disciplinary team throughout all phases of development
Desired Experience
Secure boot, TrustZone, OP-TEE, authentication/encryption, and/or security hardware accelerator experience
Hands-on DDR calibration and debug experience
Experience with FreeRTOS or another real-time operating system
Solid knowledge of Linux kernel internals (process scheduling, memory management, IPC) and networking protocols and file system
Strong proficiency with C++
Practical development understanding of GIT version control
OpenAMP

*This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship
Pivotal was named among Washington’s Top 100 Places to Work in 2018, 2019 & 2020. At Pivotal you will join a team experienced in advanced communications, RAN system development and deployment, commercial antenna’s, RF design, cloud-based management software and machine learning. If you want to apply yourself to this fascinating endeavor, then we would like to hear from you!
Pivotal is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills, and experiences within our workforce.",5.0,"Pivotal Commware
5.0","Kirkland, WA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Telecommunications Manufacturing,Telecommunications,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
262,Principal DevOps Engineer,"$135k-$163k
(Glassdoor Est.)","At Tamr we believe that clean, up to date data is the linchpin of making informed decisions. We assert that the best way to have accurate data is via human guided machine learning system, that improves over time. We believe that human intelligence can not be replaced by machines. We are building the core set of tools, to enable companies to leverage their existing domain expertise and data, to produce clean, up to date data to be used as fuel to make better decisions and deliver transformational business outcomes.

We are currently looking for a Principal DevOps Engineer to join our DevOps team as we continue to evolve the Tamr Platform. With our growing customer base and increasing demand for additional services, we are growing our Devops team to focus on supporting the development of new products, deploying to new cloud environments, incorporating third party integrations and tools to enable product engineering.
As a member of the DevOps team some of the project you will be working on are:
Develop highly scalable, cloud native architectures for large data pipelines
Build out Tamr Platform as a Service (PaaS) to deploy and monitor scaled out Tamr deployments in the cloud
Enhance observability of our platform in the cloud via distributed tracing and other technologies
Enable the engineering team to build scalable, performant, reliable, & secure software
Support in establishing DevSecOps and Chaos Engineering as core disciplines of Product Engineering
Overhauling our build and deployment pipeline (CI/CD) to utilize open source platforms and tools to support a core platform and the many applications built on the platform
You might be a good fit if you have 2 or more of the below:
7+ years of experience in DevOps/Systems Administration with 5+ years of experience with Linux/Unix systems administration
3+ years of experience with cloud-based provisioning, monitoring, and troubleshooting (preferably AWS or Azure)
3+ years of hadoop experience1+ year(s) of k8s experience
Experience with configuration management tools (we use ansible + puppet)
Experience with infrastructure automation tools like CloudFormation or Terraform
Experience with one or more scripting languages such as Python
Minimum Bachelor degree in Computer Science or equivalent
Technologies we use:
Multi-cloud (GCP/AWS/Azure)
Terraform/Ansible/Puppet
Kubernetes
Big Data Technologies (BigTable/Hbase, Dataproc/Databricks/Spark)
Postgres
Java, Python, Scala
Additional Information

This position is available in Cambridge MA. Tamr does sponsor employees requiring a visa.

Tamr provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.",4.3,"Tamr
4.3","Boston, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
263,Software Development Engineer,"$127k-$187k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are seeking passionate and driven Software Development Engineers who love solving big problems using well-designed and elegantly-written code. You’ll be working on cutting-edge technologies, including Big Data, Cloud Services, Analytics, Visualization, and Machine Learning to solve real-world problems for some of the biggest and most respected Fortune 500 companies in the world.
Responsibilities
Design and develop sophisticated on-premise and cloud-based software
Engage directly with major Adaptiva customers to help define the functionality of current and future Adaptiva products
Work collaboratively with product marketing, sales, solutions engineering, and support teams to ensure that Adaptiva products deliver outstanding experiences to all our customers
Requirements
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or Engineering
1-3 years of proven software development experience using C, C++, C#, or Java
Demonstrated ability to design and develop high quality code
Excellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and object oriented programming
Ability to develop multi-threaded, asynchronous code, using extensive synchronization mechanisms
Experience with high-volume, high-performance transaction processing systems or other high-performance client-server software
Willingness to write design documents and specifications
APPLY NOWAPAC Support ResourceBusiness Development RepresentativeMarketing Events ManagerProduct Marketing ManagerRecruiterSenior Product ManagerSoftware Development EngineerSr. Software Development EngineerSenior Solutions Architect, USHOW TO APPLY
Email your resume and cover letter to Company
Adaptiva is a leading, global enterprise systems management company headquartered in Bellevue, WA. Our breakthrough peer-to-peer distributed computing technology is trusted by hundreds of large enterprises around the world. Our environment and culture incorporate our four core values: Integrity, Excellence, Work Ethic, and Dignity of Labor. As an employer, we offer above-market compensation structures, industry-leading benefits packages, and incredible learning and growth opportunities, in a fast-paced and collaborative environment.
Job Summary
We are seeking passionate and driven Software Development Engineers who love solving big problems using well-designed and elegantly-written code. You’ll be working on cutting-edge technologies, including Big Data, Cloud Services, Analytics, Visualization, and Machine Learning to solve real-world problems for some of the biggest and most respected Fortune 500 companies in the world.
Responsibilities
Design and develop sophisticated on-premise and cloud-based software
Engage directly with major Adaptiva customers to help define the functionality of current and future Adaptiva products
Work collaboratively with product marketing, sales, solutions engineering, and support teams to ensure that Adaptiva products deliver outstanding experiences to all our customers
Requirements
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or Engineering
1-3 years of proven software development experience using C, C++, C#, or Java
Demonstrated ability to design and develop high quality code
Excellent knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and object oriented programming
Ability to develop multi-threaded, asynchronous code, using extensive synchronization mechanisms
Experience with high-volume, high-performance transaction processing systems or other high-performance client-server software
Willingness to write design documents and specifications",3.8,"Adaptiva
3.8","Kirkland, WA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
264,Storage Device Research Engineer,"$100k-$158k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Title

Storage Device Research Engineer
Req ID

DSA33131
Overview
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. is a world leader in Memory, System LSI and LCD technologies. We are currently looking for an exceptional senior FPGA engineer to join our team in San Jose, CA.

The Memory Solutions Lab (MSL) is part of Samsung’s Memory Business Unit, the industry's technology and volume leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SRAM memory. MSL’s vision is to solve key problems and optimize architecture solutions for Cloud & Data center environments. We are an integral part of Samsung’s strong R&D focus & lab innovation engine. We work closely with development teams to bring feature innovation to product roadmaps.

We are currently looking for a Senior Storage Device Research Engineer to join our team in San Jose, CA. The Candidate will be a key technical member of MSL Data Center Device Solutions (DCDS) team. He or she will join a team of experts in researching and developing innovative data center/ cloud networking, storage, and compute ASIC/ FPGA and system solutions. The ideal candidate must have prior experience developing leading edge networking, storage, and/or embedded computing solutions.
Responsibilities
· Research next generation storage (SSD) controller architectures

· Research Data Center storage requirements, bottlenecks and pain points

· Propose SSD architectures, solutions, features to address Data Center storage requirements

· Develop Proof-of-Concept (PoC) for the proposed storage device features and architectures using FPGAs and other modeling and emulation tools

· Develop FPGA based emulation platforms for next gen SSD architecture exploration

· Work on architecture, design, verification, lab bring-up, lab test and validation of FPGA based prototypes for storage applications

· Develop new IP for high performance solid state drives

· Work with hardware/ software architects developing one-of-a-kind innovative FPGA prototypes and contribute to feasibility studies & developing solutions

· Assist software architects developing Linux/ Windows device driver, test and debug
Minimum Qualifications

· B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering with 10 years of experience

· Solid understanding of storage technologies and SSD Controller architectures

· Good understanding of computer architecture, and logic design for ASIC/FPGA.

· Solid knowledge of System Verilog, Verilog and Perl/Python

· Good understanding of solid state storage technologies and protocols: NVMe, PCIe

· In-depth background in HDL development, Verilog coding, integration, synthesis, debug, simulation, test bench creation and debug using CAD tools (Synopsys, Mentor, Cadence, Xilinx FPGA tools)

· Hands-on lab prototype set up, testing, measurement and debug of storage solutions on FPGAs

· Hands-on experience with hardware board bring-up, server system integration and software integration with FPGAs

· Must be highly motivated with excellent verbal and written communication skills.

· Demonstrated attention to detail

· Ability to meet aggressive project deadlines in a team environment

· Ability to work successfully with cross-functional teams, including coordinating across organizational boundaries and geographies.

· Ability to create near term value within a strategic research environment.

· Comfortable working in a multinational environment and understands how to leverage cultural diversity
Preferred Qualifications
· Experience of NVMe SSD controller development

· Familiarity with Ethernet, TCP/IP, RDMA etc networking technologies

· Exposure to Security protocols and technologies

· Familiarity with IO virtualization technologies

· Past experience in FPGA design that uses high speed interfaces (DDR3/ DDR4, PCIe Gen3/Gen4 Root Port and End Point, acquired digital IP, Ethernet, Gb PHY SERDES), System on chip, ARM CPU, networking, storage digital design, integration, board and system hardware bring up
*****************************************************************************
Samsung Semiconductor Inc (SSI), an equal opportunity employer, is a world leader in Memory, System LSI, and LCD technologies. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SSI is a wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.- the second largest semiconductor manufacturer in the world and the industry's volume and technology leader in DRAM, NAND Flash, SSDs, mobile DRAM and graphics memory. It is one of the largest providers of system logic, imaging and LED lighting solutions, as well as providing advanced process design and manufacturing for fabless companies. Samsung Semiconductor, Inc. also has a research and innovation center with numerous labs providing product design and research in: logic, memory, image sensors, displays and mobile technologies. In addition, the company supports Samsung Display Company, the largest producer of LCD and OLED displays.
************************************************
Learn more about Samsung Semiconductor here.

A day in the life Samsung Video

Click here to visit our Samsung Semiconductor Career Page",3.5,"Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
3.5","San Jose, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1983,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
265,Computer Vision Research Engineer,"$73k-$117k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Video & Image Understanding Group develops and applies cutting-edge computer vision and deep learning techniques to solve problems in object detection, recognition, localization & tracking; biometrics; 3D scene reconstruction; threat detection; vision-aided navigation; and situational awareness. Our projects integrate algorithmic research, software engineering, and application system development to produce innovative capabilities that address challenging national security problems. We actively collaborate with research engineers across STR, as well as with academic researchers and industry partners to develop practical and powerful computer vision solutions.

The Role:
Design and implement innovative computer vision and deep learning algorithms for solving challenging scene understanding problems.
Collaborate with other STR engineers and leading researchers in the computer vision community to develop, adapt, extend and optimize state-of-the-art techniques for addressing new sensor exploitation applications.
Apply sensor exploitation solutions to a wide range of imagery of interest: visible/infrared video from ground and aerial sensors, social media photographs, imaging radar, LIDAR.
Perform data analysis on experimental data and identify performance improvement strategies.
Interact with national security customers and users to determine and assess unmet needs and evolving requirements.
Transition algorithms to prototype and/or real-time systems demonstrations.
Position may involve travel to customer meetings and/or data collections and experiments.
Who You Are:
BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or related technical discipline
Strong scientific software development skills
Independent analytical problem-solving skills
Motivated collaborator and excellent communicator to both technical and non-technical audiences
Some Other Relevant Skills You May Have:
Experience with Python and C/C++
Experience in developing and applying computer vision algorithms to process diverse image datasets",4.5,"Systems & Technology Research
4.5","Beavercreek, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
266,Compiler Engineer,-1,"SiFive is an idea-to-silicon company founded by the inventors of RISC-V to simplify the design and production of custom SoCs.
As the leading commercial provider of RISC-V processor IP & SoC IP, SiFive is on a mission to help engineers design custom chips for domain-specific solutions for many markets, including 5G, edge AI, enterprise networking, storage, and consumer devices.

Industry-leading innovators, including six of the top ten semiconductor companies, are working with SiFive thanks to our shown success, deep expertise, and rich partner ecosystem. With SiFive’s rich IP ecosystem and accessible design platform, every market has access to the development of domain-specific hardware needed to design next-generation products.

SiFive was founded and is actively run by the developers of RISC-V. If you are passionate about working with industry leaders and innovators, then send us your application today!

The SiFive Platform Engineering team is building an ambitious new infrastructure to support accelerated ASIC and FPGA design flows, IP delivery and SoC development - driving the next generation of SiFive's ""Silicon at the speed of Software"" mission. This infrastructure leverages state of the art compiler algorithms (built on open source MLIR and LLVM technologies), novel build system integration, and new Verilog RTL generation techniques.

Our team combines many different perspectives and experiences, and we love working with people who combine a passion for learning and growth with product focus, practical experience, and a desire to build world-changing technologies.

We encourage applicants from traditionally underrepresented groups in computer science to apply!

LEVEL: Please note that we are hiring for several positions on the Compiler Engineering team, and as such invite everybody with at least 2 years of Compiler Engineering experience to apply.
Responsibilities
Evolve, design and build new compiler intermediate representations for hardware design and tool flows.
Implement specific compiler optimization and lowering algorithms for chip design flows.
Implement state of the art mechanisms for hierarchical caching that crosscut compiler and build systems.
Participate in design discussions, planning, code review, documentation, open source processes, and other standard software practices.
Collaborate with hardware architects to develop the approach and design flows.
Manage your individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
Requirements
We are hiring for several positions with different levels of seniority, but require a minimum of 2 years of compiler engineering experience.
Strong oral and written communication skills, excellent team collaboration.
Experience with C++ programming and git-based development workflows.
Experience with Verilog and other chip design technologies is NOT required.

SiFive is proud to be an equal employment opportunity workplace. We offer a competitive compensation package that includes flexible paid time off; health, vision and dental benefits; 401(k) plan; employee stock option program, and much more.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

If you yearn to be challenged and wish to work in an environment where the boundaries of your creativity and skills will be tested, then SiFive is the place for you.

Notice to Staffing Agencies / External Recruiters:
Thank you for your interest in SiFive Inc. Please note that SiFive does not accept unsolicited resumes from external agencies unless contracted to fill a specific position. Agencies are hereby specifically directed NOT to contact SiFive employees directly in an attempt to present candidates – all applications must go through SiFive's internal recruiting team. Any third-party resume forwarded by agencies/external recruiters to a SiFive mailing address, fax machine or email address, directly to SiFive employees, or to SiFive's resume database will be considered property of SiFive Inc and treated as a direct application. This exchange does not constitute an agreement between SiFive and the agency/external recruiter. SiFive reserves the right to contact the candidate directly. Employment agencies/external recruiters will receive no compensation from SiFive or its companies.
#LI-DNI",4.3,"SiFive
4.3","San Mateo, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
267,Data Scientist,"$58k-$95k
(Glassdoor Est.)","STRATACACHE provides salable customer experiences, empowering retailers to learn deeply about their customers’ shopping preferences and behaviors, allowing for personalized shopper interaction. Our solutions deliver consumer activation at the point-of-decision, generating new sales opportunities and enhanced retail profitability. With 3 million+ software activations globally, we power the biggest digital networks for the world’s largest brands. Across the STRATACACHE family of complementary digital media/ad tech solution companies, we have the technology, expertise and track record to bring retail innovation that delivers results.

Learn more about the STRATACACHE family at www.stratacache.com.

Data Scientist

Do you love data? Do you enjoy creating statistical models and finding insights that make a difference? Are you interested in the future of retail, commerce, and customer analytics? If so, this is the role for you. In this role you will have the opportunity to work with software engineering, sales, and product organizations to develop innovative, impactful data applications. Your efforts will enhance the overall product quality utilizing many aspects of data science, including various types of modeling that drive toward strategic analytics. You will be focused on the future of the restaurant and retail experience by discovering insights while creating strategic, marketing, retail, customer experience and digital analytics. Your background in statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quantitative research, and/or analytics consulting will be very beneficial as you take on this exciting position in the company and join our Data Science team. In this role you will also have the opportunity to continue to build and improve the marketing of technology products that are influenced by data, understand human behavior and determine how to influence and impact the retail marketplace with exciting new solutions and insights.

Responsibilities include:

Design, build, and deliver statistical models and related actionable data-focused results to support product and customer requirements and initiatives.
Work closely with engineering, product and sales teams to understand business and technical requirements, translate these into important discovery directives, and follow through to optimize and support the enhancement and growth of Stratacache products.
Establish and make effective use of internal and external datasets to back up and support key strategic, product, and customer decision-making efforts.
Serve as the data science expert on cross-functional teams for large strategic initiatives and education on accessing and utilizing qualified and focused data for decision making.
Analyze, propose, design and successfully deliver data experiments for engineering, product and sales teams to ensure statistical rigor and effectiveness.
Provide expertise and professionalism in handling sensitive, privacy-protected data, including sources, structures, organization, and optimization.
Communicate complex ideas about our product through visual aids like charts and dashboards.
Keep up-to-date with emerging data science and statistical technologies, methods and practices.
Create and/or use existing data models for predictions regarding user behavior.
Communicate ideas, processes, and results to all levels of internal and external clients and teams.
Basic & Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis, or other technical field related to software development.
Minimum 3 years of related experience working with data science and statistical modeling.
Experience in the QSR, retail or ecommerce industries from a data perspective is required.
Experience with recommendation engines and discovering new and advanced modeling methods i.e. deep neural networks, gradient boosted decision trees, etc.. is required.
Experience with SQL and at least one functional or statistical programming language is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with R and Python is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with REST APIs is required.
Experience working with Postgres, Timescale DB and/or other related database technologies is required.
Ability to distill complex statistical concepts and methodology, and articulate insights to cross-functional teams and clients with varying levels of knowledge in this space is required.
Ability to work with distributed and remote teams is required.
Experience with complex query writing is required.
Experience with result-set performance tuning and related data administration is required.
Experience with big data technologies is required.
Experience and understanding of various statistical modeling tools and platforms is required.
Experience in ecommerce, wifi, app messaging, social and other datasets is beneficial.
Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence methods and practice is beneficial.
Understanding and experience with database technologies is beneficial including Oracle, SQLServer, etc..
Understanding and experience with BI technologies is beneficial: Tableau, Microstrategy, Microsoft, OBI, etc..
Experience with kafka, Go, or Redis is beneficial.
Understanding of data modeling techniques and star schemas is beneficial.
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce is beneficial.
Experience with ftp, file transfers, data exchange methodologies.
A solid understanding of methodology, data and systems from a broad range of research and analytics providers, including emerging tools and methods is required.
Ability to articulate and tie data to business strategy.
Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills
Self-motivated, self-starter with a team-centric focus while working in a fluid environment.
Exceptional communication skills: verbal, written, and presentation.
Experience in the following areas: strategic analytics, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data analytics, statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quant research, analytics consulting.
Desire and interest to uncover and discover insights using disparate data sources.
Desire and interest in being the “Go To” person for data science.
Dynamic personality and passion for data, analytics, visualizations and storytelling is beneficial for this role.
Keen sense of user interface design, style, aesthetics and effective visual presentation.
Experience with agile development methodologies.
Ability to work effectively in fast-paced, results-oriented work environment.
Ability to handle and adjust to change in requirements and direction.
Positive attitude, attention to detail, and great problem solving skills are important.

STRATACACHE and its family of companies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, veteran, marital, parental, citizenship, or domestic partner status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law.

While we are excited and appreciate you interest in our opportunities, please keep in mind that we are not able to contact all applicants that have applied.

No vendor/agency solicitation please.",3.6,"STRATACACHE
3.6","Dayton, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
268,"Machine Learning Expert for Autonomy, Lead","$132k-$224k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE’s Artificial Intelligence and Autonomous Systems Department has a need for a Lead Machine Learning Engineer. Our work programs need top individuals with a passion for artificial intelligence and autonomy, experience and proficiency with algorithmic design and development; specifically, in machine learning (including deep learning).

You will have opportunities to work on a wide range of problems, leading and working with teams possessing a broad range of skills. Your experience will allow you to influence research directions; evaluate the challenges and potential solutions for designing, developing, and fielding machine learning solutions; assess the adequacy and maturation of existing research programs and shape their technical and programmatic direction; and identify new areas where research and development are needed to strengthen the nation’s growing machine learning capabilities.

Day to day responsibilities:
Work on, or lead, a team to develop and implement ML and deep learning algorithms
Develop and use modern software engineering techniques to develop ML-related software
Maintain knowledge of advances of ML capabilities in industry and academia
Develop, propose and execute research in the field of ML
Develop and propose new research directions in ML-enabled systems in support of MITRE’s internal research program and sponsor’s research programs
Evaluate ML solutions and compare to sponsor requirements and needs.
Requirements:
Must be a US citizen able to obtain and maintain a US government clearance
MSc degree or higher in artificial intelligence or related discipline
8+ years of experience in defining, developing, and deploying ML solutions.
Ability to articulate ML-specific challenges, discuss critical issues, and identify gaps.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) along with ability to foster relationship development with sponsors
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work both independently and with a team.
Experience with programming languages such as C++ and Python.
Familiarity with the state of the art in the field.
Preferred Qualifications:
PhD degree in artificial intelligence or related discipline w/ 7+ years of experience in defining, developing, and deploying ML solutions
Active DoD Secret clearance.
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.3,"MITRE
3.3","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
269,Data Scientist,"$60k-$103k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We have an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our talented Data Analytics team. The successful candidate will work with customers and the engagement team to support the project management, project data analysis, process improvement, data conversion, and integration needs of our federal customer.

Typical responsibilities include
Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.
Cleaning and validating data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
Analyzing data to identify patterns and trends.
Developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software
Devising and applying models and algorithms to mine the stores of big data.
Interpreting data to discover solutions and opportunities.
Requirements
Active Secret Clearance
Strong client engagement skills
Experience with languages such as Python, R, SAS, and SQL
Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab
Experience with designing, developing, and deploying analytic software and algorithms
BS degree in Physics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or another quantitative discipline
Desired skills
Experience with open source Big Data tools including Apache Spark or Apache NiFi
Experience with entity resolution
Experience with Natural Language Processing using modern deep learning techniques
Benefits

Perks of working at NetImpact Strategies:
Your health comes first – we offer comprehensive medical, dental, & vision insurance that starts the first of the month after you join the team
Invest in your future – 401(k) Plan – Immediately vested employer contributions; no matching required
Work hard, play hard – we offer a generous Paid Time Off (PTO) policy and observe ALL ten (10) federal holidays
Pawsitively pawesome – Pet Insurance (because our little critters are part of our families, too!)
Invest in your education – Tuition reimbursement, internal training programs, & company-sponsored industry certifications
Be part of a dynamic and collaborative work environment recently ranked by The Washington Post as a Top Work Place in 2019!
Have fun and celebrate and give back – Team building activities, community volunteering, quarterly HQ days, & an offsite annual awards banquet
ABOUT US

NetImpact Strategies specializes in Strategy and Business Transformation, IT Modernization, Data-Driven Intelligence, Cloud Services, and Cybersecurity. We are a team of skilled Consultants who listen to our clients’ needs. We design and implement comprehensive, tailored solutions that are both mindful of the client's culture and organizational dynamics. As mission needs change, new priorities emerge, technologies advance, and methodologies evolve; NetImpact stands out as a trusted advisor that can solve the challenges of today while looking for the opportunities of tomorrow. Our professionals stay abreast of these changes to provide agile, outcome-focused results for federal agency strategic and tactical needs. Approaching engagements as a partner, we provide solutions that empower our clients to achieve results that align with their mission and strategic vision.

ACCESSIBILITY NOTE

NetImpact Strategies is committed to complying with all applicable provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended (“ADA”), and applicable state and local laws. It is NetImpact’s policy not to discriminate against any qualified person or applicant with regard to any terms or conditions of employment on the basis of such individual’s disability. Consistent with this policy of non-discrimination, NetImpact will provide reasonable accommodations to an individual with a disability, as defined in the ADA or applicable law, who has made NetImpact aware of his/her disability, unless doing so would cause undue hardship to NetImpact. If you are an applicant and need a reasonable accommodation when applying for job opportunities within NetImpact, or request a reasonable accommodation to utilize NetImpact’s online employment application, please contact careers@netimpactstrategies.com.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

NetImpact is committed to the development of a creative, diverse, and inclusive work environment. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at NetImpact will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. NetImpact does not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and local laws (referred to as ""protected status"").",4.1,"NetImpact Strategies
4.1","Vienna, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
270,Business Growth Engineer,"$54k-$94k
(Glassdoor Est.)","So . . . what are you in for?

We don’t just make machines move, we are on a relentless pursuit to abandon the ordinary and be extraordinary. Our teams are committed to creating and producing state-of-the-art products, and they have fun doing it. Our people believe that teamwork is essential and success hinges on our commitment to unmatched customer care and reliability. Are you ready to shift into high gear and unlock your potential? Trailblazers, check out our job postings. Learn more at www.Hydro-Gear.com .
You are driven by a desire to create new things and improve the existing. You enjoy applying new technology in unexpected places.

Your ability to pull people together, ask appropriate questions, and learn on the fly will serve you well in strategic discussions and project management. You will test your individual research as a business analyst in a collaborative environment and make your strategic planning recommendations directly to our executive management team.

Your work plays a key role in the execution and development of our strategic direction. Whether it's a new product development in drive systems or new technologies in mobile apps, you will help us achieve the continued innovation that our customers have come to expect from us. Your experience, contributions, and opinions are a valued part of our process and are encouraged to help ensure we are moving forward.
Bachelors degree in technical field preferably engineering
Experience in an engineering, new product development, or market development related position preferably in manufacturing environment
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Demonstrated project management resourcefulness and creativity
Knowledge of hydraulics, electronics, or drive systems a plus
Working knowledge of CRM/Salesforce is a plus",3.2,"Hydro-Gear
3.2","Indianapolis, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
271,"Software Engineer, Machine Learning","$91k-$155k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Engineering at Postmates

We’re building groundbreaking tech solutions that power our revolutionary logistics platform to help connect millions of customers with their favorite merchants every day. We’re tackling some of the most complex technical challenges in the modern logistics space to unlock opportunities that positively impact the local businesses and communities we serve.

WHAT WE DO

Postmates relies heavily on our engineering team to realize this vision. Building a software platform that is reliable, scales, and stays agile under demanding product needs is a serious technical challenge. Postmates is a three-part balancing act connecting customers, merchants, and couriers in real-time. If any piece is out of whack, the whole system suffers. Working with the Postmates engineering team offers an opportunity with explosive growth, cutting-edge technology, a highly visible charter, and a cool user-focused product vision.

In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to work on various challenging machine learning and optimization problems in real-time and in scale, including:

Modeling and forecasting demand and supply to enable more intelligent matching, optimize the overall marketplace efficiency, and provide valuable insights to our merchants and Postmates
Large scale Machine Learning algorithms and infrastructure that powers our Search Ranking models and Personalized Recommendation Engine
Predicting the Postmates Delivery Time (PDT) and improving the efficiency (batching, chaining, etc) and reliability of the dispatching algorithm
Determining the optimal pricing strategies to help our Postmates maximize their revenue
Identifying suspicious transactions and malicious users for risk control
Natural Language Processing to understand text content on Postmates platform, including named entity resolution and recognization of reviews, descriptions and interactions between users on our marketplace
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Build end-to-end ML systems of designing, training, testing and deploying Machine Learning models
Write production-level codes to train your ML models into working pipelines and services to serve production online traffic
Have the ability to apply machine learning to solve complex business problems and optimize critical business metrics, and work closely with Product Managers and Data analysts to frame Machine Learning problems within the business context
Analyze experimental and observational data, communicate findings, and facilitate launch decisions
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge
OUR REQUIREMENTS
A Bachelor’s/Master’s degree (or higher) in a technical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent work experience required.
Minimum of 3+ years of professional experience in Data Science or Applied Machine Learning required
Solid engineering and coding skills with the ability to write high-performance production quality code
Good understanding of common families of machine learning models, feature engineering, feature selection and other practical machine learning issues, such as overfitting
Strong communication skills. Explaining complex technical concepts to product managers, data analysts, and other engineers shouldn’t be a problem for you.
OUR PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Industry experience building and productionizing innovative end-to-end Machine Learning systems
Experience in Java, C++, Go, Python, Scala and other equivalent languages
Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive, HBase, Airflow, Google BigQuery, BigTable, and Dataflow
Experience with ML frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Spark MLlib, XGBoost, and Scikit-Learn

A bit about us
Postmates is changing delivery for good. While you may know us as the clever brand loved by celebrities and millennials, we are so much more. We are industry-first leaders in the modern logistics space, creating groundbreaking tech products that positively impact millions of customers, merchants and gig-economy workers as well as the underserved in the communities where we work. How will you help us change delivery for good?

Benefits
Postmates has your back. In our impact-first work environment, we value huge company vision. As you strive to build the future with us, we’ll support you with a competitive rates and equity plan, along with access to our 401k plan and robust benefits including: health benefits, flexible paid time off, parental benefits, and food perks.

Postmates is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants at Postmates are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.",3.4,"Postmates
3.4","Bellevue, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Express Delivery Services,Transportation & Logistics,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
272,Sr Quality Engineer - Manufacturing,-1,"Main Objective:

Responsible for various Quality Assurance functions for manufacturing development of medical devices in achievement of company goals. Design, develop, implement, and improve manufacturing processes to quality medical device products and systems. This position requires leadership skills, the willingness and ability to mentor Quality Assurance team members and contributions beyond objectives and expected performance.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities :

Participates in the development of medical devices and components from design initiation through design transfer and by representing Quality Assurance for manufacturability in all design and development project teams.
Participates in all manufacturing activities to assure compliance of design specifications.
Leads development of quality plans of new product introductions based on designspecificatons, PFMEA, and control plans.
Works with design team and assist/provide feedback on design specifications and improvements.
Evaluates and develops effective and efficient methods of testing and inspection of products.
Utilizes problem solving tools and techniques and apply risk based approach to problem solving.
Determines necessity of testing and initiates testing by preparing test and inspection plans, and identifying and obtaining required test fixtures and test/inspection instrumentation.
Initiates new projects and acts as the project leader for key initiatives, identifies best practices.
Provides technical support on manufacturing technical issues.
Performs quality trending and leads/supports process improvement initiatives.
Approves manufacturing product and process changes and assures the change management is controlled, adequate, and documented.
Ensures information and documentation is consistently accurate.
Responsible for MRB activities for assigned products, timely resolution of nonconformities, issuing and/or monitoring corrective actions associated with nonconformance and deviations.
Provides input and direction to other members of the quality assurance department to assist them in their assignments and provide them with learning experience.
Supports manufacturing suppliers with assistance in on-site resolution of quality and process related issues andcorrective and preventive actions.
May supervise other engineers, technicians, and support personnel.

Incidental Duties:

The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned, as required, by management.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree required in an Engineering or Engineering Technology discipline.

At least seven years experience in a Quality Control or Quality Assurance position, preferably in a medical device company.

Knowledge and Skill Requirements/Specialized Courses and/or Training:

Working knowledge of risk assessments, design control requirements, PFMEAs, control plans, quality plans, testing and inspection equipment and techniques.
Manufacturing process knowledge.
Technical knowledge in development methodologies, design, project implementation, including, but not limited to GD&T, DOE, verification, and validation.
SPC (Staticstical Process Control) knowledge.
Strong communication skills and ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical staff.
Project management skills preferred.
Recognized process improvement (i.e.: Lean, Six Sigma) and problem solving (i.e.: RCA, DMAIC, 5 Whys) training preferred.

Machine, Tools, and/or Equipment Skills:

Proficiency in the use of PC and programs, particularly Excel, Word (or equivalents if changed by the Company), SAP or similar inventory software.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Naples",3.0,"Arthrex
3.0","Ave Maria, FL",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
273,Senior Data Scientist,"$129k-$204k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We are looking for a Data Scientist who will be responsible for shaping our company’s data strategy innovating the $85B digital and linear television advertising market. You are passionate about all things data and tech, and have extensive knowledge of the digital space. You are accomplished in the areas of creating new analysis and deriving business-changing insights and you are ready to support the strategic objectives of a highly cross-functional organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Your work will have an outsized impact on tools we’re building, forecasting, planning, allocation, and audience behavior prediction
Work with Pb-scale data sets representing the total US video and TV audiences
You will build new, and support scaling out existing models in support of audience segmentation
You will be working with the data-engineering team to product ML pipelines and coordinating data models with other engineering teams
Building Data Models and managing machine learning pipelines
QUALIFICATIONS:
Managing ML pipelines with tools such as Python, Julia, and Apache Spark
SQL fluency and an understanding of relational data models
Comfortable in the Linux environment
A master of all trades mentality and an ability to embrace new challenges regularly
Eager and energized to work with some of the latest open source technologies
Able to work on-site in Los Angeles, CA
PhD in Data Science, Physics, Mathematics or other scientific field
PERKS:
Unlimited paid time off each year
Annual vacation stipend
Onsite gym, fitness classes and personal trainer
Casual dress code
Kitchen stocked with healthy snack snacks
Health, dental and vision benefits
Parental leave
Epic growth
ABOUT

At VideoAmp, we believe in challenging advertising paradigms to maximize value for clients. We do this by enabling companies to execute on business outcomes across their media investment instead of more traditional media metrics. VideoAmp is the software and data solutions company powering the convergence of the linear TV and digital video advertising. Our solutions connect linear TV viewership with addressable data assets to benefit the marketing and media industries. This enable marketers and content owners to holistically plan, transact, and measure deduplicated audiences across digital video, OTT, connected and linear TV advertising.

Come and join us!",3.5,"VideoAmp
3.5","Los Angeles, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
274,Senior/Staff Software Engineer,"$92k-$182k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company Overview

Outset Medical is a commercial-stage, privately held company delivering novel technology into the growing dialysis market that has had little innovation in over a decade. FDA-cleared across the continuum of care, Outset's Tablo Hemodialysis System is an all-in-one enterprise solution for dialysis featuring real-time water purification and dialysate production on demand in a single, compact unit. The simplicity, clinical versatility and operational flexibility of the system dramatically improves the care experience for patients and families while reducing for providers the cost and complexity historically associated with dialysis care. Patients and providers benefit from the easy to learn and use touchscreen interface, while automated reporting and machine management is enabled through Tablo's two-way wireless data transmission and proprietary cloud-based data analytics platform. Outset Medical is backed by a top-tier syndicate of investors, including D1 Capital Partners, Fidelity, Mubadala, Perceptive Advisors, T. Rowe Price, The Partner Fund, and Warburg Pincus.

Position Overview

We are seeking a Senior/Staff Software Engineer that can directly impact the experience of patients and clinicians as well as Outset business operations with their breadth of skills and can-do attitude. Daily activities will include requirements definition, design, implementation, and testing of embedded software as part of a cross functional team with a key focus on intelligent medical systems and components. The candidate should bring a systems approach to problem solving and the ability to understand complex electromechanical systems. The candidate should be expert in Object-oriented design, UML, C/C++ and have experience with both real-time operating systems and Linux. Java and/or Python programming skills are highly desirable.

Essential Job Functions
Leverages experience and knowledge of systems design, software engineering, and medical devices to lead in the design and development of the software for Outset products and intellectual property.
Participates in risk assessment, requirements definition, software architecture and detailed design, implementation, and software verification and validation.
Defines tasks associated with all phases of software development and provides accurate estimates of required effort and project completion dates.
Provides software engineering expertise for the continuous improvement of product and process.
Accurately and thoroughly documents work in support of ANSI/AAMI/IEC 62304:2006, ISO13485, FDA GMP and the requirements of all other relevant standards and all necessary documentation for planned FDA filings.
Leverage experience and knowledge of systems design, software testing, and medical devices to develop software verification protocols for Outset products.
Support manufacturing by designing/verifying test fixture software or other software used during production.
Experienced in the application of Object-Oriented Analysis/Design and UML to software architecture and design.
Requirements/Qualifications
M.S. in Electrical/Computer Engineering or equivalent
Proven exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills applied to complex electromechanical systems.
Ability to read digital board schematics and datasheets; familiar with microprocessor architectures, especially ARM.
Experience with pumps, pressure and flow sensors, valves and fluid control system components desired.
Minimum of 3 years' experience in C/C++, embedded firmware/software design, development, debug and test.
Minimum of 2 years' experience in medical device software desired.
Professional experience in Java and/or Python programming desired.
Demonstrated proficiency with source code control, issue tracking, and requirements management systems.
Other Skills/Abilities
Possesses excellent interpersonal skills and can work effectively with a diversity of personalities. Must be approachable, show respect for others, and be able to present data effectively to different audiences.
High level of initiative with ability to self-manage, able to take calculated and bold initiatives to meet expectations while maintaining the ability to handle multiple projects and meet deadlines in a timely manner.
Flexible in daily schedule, tasks required and problem solving, while maintaining compliance with company policies and procedures.",4.5,"Outset Medical
4.5","San Jose, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
275,Commissioning Engineer - Training Technician,"$28k-$47k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Organization*
Voortman USA LLC is a subsidiary of Voortman Steel Machinery and represents the Voortman brand throughout North America. With 300 dedicated employees, Voortman Steel Machinery designs, develops and installs advanced CNC-controlled machines for the steel fabrication and manufacturing industries. We stand for ‘Accelerating Performance’. In order to achieve this, we work with customers from start to finish and take the position that every customer challenge, wish, need and demand matters. Together we take on the challenges that come your way and come up with an ideal solution. Making small installations and complex, large machine lines successful has become our specialty over the years. With continued growth of our business along with our goal to build and strengthen customer relationships, we are currently searching for a full-time CNC Commissioning Engineer / Training Technician.

After the Installation Engineer installs the machine, they ensure that the machine runs properly. As a Commissioning Engineer you will set up the software/machine exactly in line with the customer’s process. With your laptop connected to the machine, you will ensure that everything is adjusted down to the last detail and that the machines work together optimally as one system. On small projects you will work alone, while on larger projects you will be working in a team with two or three colleagues. You will be seeing the customer’s production process in depth, which is important for a correct set-up and so you know exactly how the process should work. Furthermore, you will often be training the customer’s operators on location. You work on different projects during three consecutive weeks. After a week at home you will be heading out again to the next project.

Our Field Service Engineers are all experts in collaboration and cooperation. As an international team, we work together with different nationalities to meet the needs of our customers. We are a dynamic team where everyone enjoys working hard to reach our high standards. Along with the hard work, there is time for relaxation and pleasure – it’s a great atmosphere! We thoroughly know our machinery and associated components. Above all, we are the face of Voortman!
Responsibilities*
Check installation is done according order confirmation.
Check the installation if everything is working correctly.
Setup the software for the machine to run production.
Test machines during production.
Daily report back to Project management on the status
Ensure clear communication with colleagues and the customer
Run the Site acceptance test
Train customers
Requirements*
High School Education or equivalent.
Minimum of two years of relevant work experience in CNC machine repair, maintenance or operations.
Have a passion for technology and enjoy doing both mechanical and electrical work
Strong communication skill
Strong electrical trouble shooting skills
Computer knowledge
Able to read Electrical drawings / Hydraulic drawings / Mechanic manuals
Basic Microsoft Office knowledge and/or Computerized Maintenance Management System knowledge.
Fast learner in technique
Team player
Able to travel (internationally) for training purposes
Ability to work overtime or on off shifts as needed.
An adventurous individual who likes to see some of the world and is willing to be away from home for two to three consecutive weeks at a time.
Current Passport for international travel.
Experience in machine tooling is a plus
Valid driver’s license
Benefits*
Voortman USA offers competitive salary and benefits packages, (health, dental, vision and retirement).
Interested candidates should email their resume containing employment history and educational background.
General*
Voortman offers a full training program in house. During this training period you will travel to our training facility in the Netherlands and to several customer sites to get the right knowledge to do the job. You will join our US support team and work close with the developers of the machinery to give the practical experience. Voortman has all the latest communication technologies to be able to give full support 24 hours a day to the end users.

If you are a person who likes to help other people with technical questions and interested in learning a lot of new technology this is the job for you!!
Note for recruitment agencies: *
We understand that you would also like to search for candidates for this rewarding vacancy or even have some available, but we would rather look for our new colleagues ourselves.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
10 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Overtime
Weekends
Experience:
CNC repair/maintenance: 2 years (Required)
Electrical: 1 year (Required)
Education:
High school or equivalent (Preferred)
Required travel:
75% (Required)
Application Question:
Able to read Electrical/hydraulic & mechanical drawings?
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Fully Remote
Company's website:
www.voortmancorp.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible",3.2,"Voortman USA LLC
3.2","Chicago, IL",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1951,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
276,Machine Learning Software Engineer – Qualcomm AI Research,"$87k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Machine Learning Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Artificial Intelligence is changing the world for the benefit of human beings and societies. AI is moving from cloud to the edge devices. QUALCOMM, as the world's leading mobile computing platform provider, is committed to enable the wide deployment of intelligent solutions on all possible devices. Be a part of our Deep Learning research project in Corporate R&D, where you will be involved and participate in building best-in-class solutions and tools needed to enable state-of-the-art technologies for next generation mobile/embedded machine learning platforms for smart phones, autonomous vehicles, robotics and IOT devices. In this role, you will work in a dynamic research environment, be part of a multi-disciplinary team of researchers and software developers, collaborate with internal teams, work with popular neural network frameworks, and understand the architecture of Qualcomm’s SOC compute and ML HW accelerators. You will design, develop & test software for machine learning tools and frameworks that enable making models smaller and run efficiently on all edge devices. The successful applicant should have a strong software background, and passion to work on neural network frameworks/libraries.

We are looking for motivated engineers at various levels who possess experience in some of the areas below:
Extensive programming in Python, C/C++
Object-oriented software design and development
Experience in debugging complex software issues
Knowledge of neural networks, with hands-on experience using ML frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch
Knowledge of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), RNN/LSTMs
Familiarity with any of the deep learning compiler frameworks TVM, Glow or XLA
Experience with compiler frameworks such as LLVM or GCC
Knowledge Qualcomm Hexagon DSP is a plus
Experience developing embedded software, preferably on-device ML
Experience with CI/CD tools like Jenkins, Docker, and Cloud technologies
Previous experience working on machine learning data pipelines
Previous experience working in an Agile environment, and collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.",4.0,"Qualcomm Incorporated
4.0","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
277,Senior Data and Software Engineer,"$108k-$128k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description: Senior Data and Software Engineer
Location: San Jose, CA
Department: Data Engineering
Hours/Shift: Full Time
Reports To: VP, Data Engineering

Job Description:
Affinity Solutions is looking for a self-motivated Senior Data and Software Engineer to lead the design and development of our big data infrastructure, that is secure, scalable, highly performant, and able to handle diverse data sets, leveraging latest technologies such as Hadoop and Spark, both on-premise and in the cloud. This position requires lot of experience in designing and building data pipelines, data services, data warehouses, business intelligence and machine learning platforms, especially around unified consumer behavioral and profile data.
The ideal candidate is a passionate and highly skilled individual, who can utilize programming and analytics tools/technologies such as SQL/NoSQL, Python, and Tableau to process large data sets to produce high quality customer facing data deliverables and insights. If you have experience designing and building business intelligence/analytics applications, especially around credit/debit card transactions, unified consumer behavioral and profile data, and excited about leveraging your experience to catapult a venture-backed company into hyper-growth, this job is for you.
Responsibilities:
Build, automate and manage data ingestion pipelines for master data management, deep-learning, and predictive analytics
Build and maintain big data environments that are highly secure, scalable, flexible, and performant using appropriate SQL, NoSQL and NewSQL technologies.
Lead data governance and data profiling efforts to ensure data quality and proper meta data documentation for data lineage.
Enhance and modernize platform for precision marketing decision engine based on predictive analytics/machine learning.
Provide technical input into build/buy/partner decisions for all components of the data infrastructure.
Collaborate with diverse technical and non-technical teams located across multiple time-zones on client deliverables and technical support
Participate-in and contribute to design and code reviews
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field such as Mathematics and Statistics, preferably with focus on Data Analytics.
5+ years of experience in data integration / data engineering
5+ years of experience in data modeling and architecture
3+ years of experience with building data pipelines and analytics data marts on MPP databases such as RedShift, BigQuery
3+ years of experience working on cloud platforms such as AWS or GCP
3+ years of experience programming in Apache Spark, Hadoop, and python
Experience working on UNIX / Linux development and production environments
Experience working in Agile software development environments
Knowledge of data science / machine learning is a plus
Very strong written and verbal communication skills
Ability to manage multiple conflicting priorities, take proactive ownership of problems and outcomes, think outside the box",3.1,"Affinity Solutions
3.1","San Jose, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
278,Machine Learning Compiler Engineer,"$87k-$147k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Machine Learning Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G - ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5G’s potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in. Qualcomm is utilizing its traditional strengths in digital wireless technologies to play a central role in the evolution of automotive infotainment and autonomous driving. We are investing in several supporting technologies including 4G, 5G, ADAS, and Deep Learning.

The Qualcomm CR&D team is developing hardware and software solutions for the Qualcomm ADAS system. We are seeking ambitious, bright and innovative engineers with experience in software system design, autonomy, device functional safety concepts and implementations.

Job activities span the whole product life cycle from early R&D to commercial deployment. The environment is fast-paced and requires cross-functional interaction on a daily basis so good communication, planning and execution skills are a must.

We are looking to staff engineers at multiple levels in systems & software, integration and test. Details of one of the roles we are looking to staff are listed below.

Specific Responsibilities
Research, design, develop, enhance, and implement the different components of machine learning compiler based on performance and code-size needs of the customer workloads and benchmarks.
Analyze software requirements, determine the feasibility of design within the given constraints, consult with architecture and HW engineers, and implement software solutions best suited for Qualcomm's SOCs.
Analyze and identify system level integration issues, interface with the software development, integration and test teams.
We are looking for engineers with the following skills:
LLVM or any industrial strength compiler development experience is a plus.
Knowledge of the structure and function of the compiler internals.
Hands-on experience with DSP Kernels a plus
Hands-on Experience in C/C++, Python development (3+ years)
Hands-on Experience with Object Orientated Design, TDD development solutions such as GoogleTest etc. (2+ years)
Experience with Source Code and Configuration management tools, git knowledge is required
Willingness to work in a cohesive software development environment with ability to work on low level implementation (code & test) and interfacing with hardware and simulators
Experience in machine learning frameworks and neural network architectures + ML compiler workload synthesis, a plus
Prior working experience of hardware accelerators and hardware software co-design
Experience in using C++ 14/17 (advanced features)
Experience at both the firmware (RTOS) and system level (Linux) in SOC
Experience of profiling software and optimization techniques
Passion to drive to develop leading-edge \""deep learning\"" framework and algorithms working on mobile and embedded platforms.
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.",4.0,"Qualcomm Incorporated
4.0","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
279,DSP Research Engineer,"$78k-$130k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description


The Bose Audio Systems Research group is seeking a DSP Research Engineer. In this role, you’ll work within cross-functional research teams to conceive, explore, architect, implement, and validate cutting-edge audio algorithms and system prototypes. You’ll solve difficult technical challenges to create new and exciting experiences. Expertise in digital signal processing, experience in DSP implementation, experience with acoustic systems, and a passion for great audio are required. Awe-inspiring experiences, born from your creativity and deep engineering excellence, will reach millions of people across the world.

Is this role for you?
Are you a seasoned DSP engineer ready to wow millions of people?
Are you passionate about applying your excellence and creativity, creating innovative technologies, and bringing them to market?
Do you enjoy working with and inspiring other passionate and talented people?
If so, then we want to meet you!

Responsibilities:
Create cutting-edge algorithms by applying state-of-the-art signal processing from within Bose Research and beyond. Take an active role in defining, implementing, evaluating, and refining algorithms in conjunction with a cross-functional team.
Deliver new experiences through rapid build/test/learn concepting of audio systems. Architect and build software and hardware prototype systems that enable high-speed research exploration.
Pave the way to product by working with downstream product development engineering, creating efficient implementations of complex, new algorithms that meet practical constraints.
Required Skills
Proven track record of conceiving, prototyping, and implementing effective and desirable audio algorithms.
Expertise in linear and nonlinear signal processing , optimization methods, and real-time prototyping tools such as MATLAB, Simulink, and Max/MSP.
Experience with implementing algorithms on real-time DSPs, software development practices, and software architecture.
Technical problem-solving skills that combine evidence with intuition.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Critical listening skills and passion for sound quality.
Preferred Skills
Experience with acoustic components and acoustic measurements.
Familiarity with telecommunication signal processing, including echo cancellation, beamforming, and noise reduction.
Familiarity with acoustic measurements, subjective audio quality assessment, and telecommunication test standards.
Experience with machine learning, deep neural networks, and TensorFlow
Education:
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field
Graduate degree(s) preferred
Minimum industry experience of 5 years; 10+ years experience preferred
Bose is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics. For additional information, please review: (1) the EEO is the Law Poster (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf); and (2) its Supplements (http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm). Please note, the company's pay transparency is available at http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/.pdf. Bose is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the application or employment process, please send an e-mail to Wellbeing@bose.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.",3.6,"Bose
3.6","Framingham, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1964,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
280,Robotics Software Engineer,-1,"Robotics Software Engineer*
Are you obsessed with software and robotics? Looking to work with an awesome team in a modern, successful software company? Geisel Software, based in Worcester, Massachusetts, is a premier software developer that is working with and creating today's hottest software technologies. We are looking for a motivated individual to join our team, learn new technology, and help us build some great software!

Geisel Software develops web, mobile and embedded software, with a focus on robotics, medical devices, and machine learning. We seek a talented individual who is not afraid to work hard, learn something new and get lots of stuff done. We have a helpful staff, but it is also important that you can work independently and solve problems with little outside direction. Your problem-solving skills will be put to the test, whether that means tracking down the answer on Google, or building your own new solution.
Here's what we work with regularly*
Robotic Simulation with ROS, RVIZ, and Unreal Engine
Embedded Development in C/C++ (Arm or x86)
TensorFlow and OpenCV
LAMP - Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP
iPhone/Android application development
Web Frontend (AngularJS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Scripting Languages (Python, BASH, or other)
Web Technologies - HTML5, CSS3, XML, JSON
Linux - As a user at least, but also administration and kernel development
Web Frameworks - Django, Codeigniter
Agile and Waterfall design methodologies
Embedded platforms (Raspberry Pi, BeagleBone, OMAP, etc.)
Here’s what we require*
You're passionate about software development -- it's what you do even in your free time.
1 - ∞ years of experience with (C++) and (Python, or other modern scripting languages).
Good software foundational skills: clean, well-documented code; collaborative style; solid algorithms understanding; CS theory; mastery of more than one language.
An aptitude for learning new platforms and technologies on the fly. We’re constantly working on new projects that will push you and keep you always learning new technologies.
Able to take ownership of a project and independently architect, execute and troubleshoot it through completion and customer delivery.
Actively pursuing new knowledge and technologies. If you’re a web frontend guru, are you building your backend skills? If you’re an embedded developer, are you developing apps for Android or iOS?
Already comfortable on Linux. You can be a Windows/Mac pro, but you'll be doing at least 50% of your development on Linux. You should be comfortable with that.
Willing to commute to Worcester, MA (Note: Ability to temporarily work remotely during this trying time of COVID-19).
Looking for full-time employment.
Must be a US Person.
What you’ll get*
An opportunity to work with the latest technologies across a variety of platforms.
A fun, exciting work environment focused on the results, not the politics.
An experienced team and mentor who can help you grow in your craft and career.
A position with a growing company, offering competitive benefits and salary.
Apply now*
E-mail us at *jobs*@*geisel.software* and *include your resume and a brief cover letter* explaining why you think you'd be a great fit at Geisel Software. We'd love to hear about what you've done with technologies we're using, or other projects you've worked on. What do you think you’re really good at and why? What have you done outside your current job to improve your craft? Why do you think you’d be a great fit?

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Company's website:
www.geisel-software.com",5.0,"Geisel Software
5.0","Worcester, MA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
281,Data Scientist,"$89k-$153k
(Glassdoor Est.)","The Data Scientist will be joining a team of extremely passionate data scientists, product managers, and engineerswho share a common interest in tackling some of the most difficult data science and machine learning problems today. With the data products you design, 7Park will arm influential decision-makers at financial and corporate giants with critical information they need to make smart, data-driven decisions. Our technologies and data power the insights for financial services and corporations.

The compensation package includes a competitive salary and incentive structure, generous benefits, and valuable business experiences, challenges, and excitement of contributing to the success of a fast-growing technology startup.

As Data Scientists at 7Park Data, we design and build data products that provide rich intelligence on real-time economic activity for our financial and corporate clients. To do that, we research and develop machine learning systems to extract decision-ready insight from massive volumes of structured and unstructured data.

Responsibilities:
Building, testing and maintaining all the components of 7Park Data’s product pipelines:
o Developing the transformation and enrichment logic that prepares messy, incomplete and inconsistent data for analysis

o Applying statistical modelling techniques to produce signals and packaging them in a client-consumable output
Work with 7Park Product and Commercial teams to understand business requirements, and their context, then translate them to a technical plan of action.
Evaluate new vendor data as part of our data acquisition process, form opinions on its future business value and the likelihood of success, and ultimately communicate findings to stakeholders at all levels of seniority
Collaborate with our Financial Research team to investigate hypotheses, produce commentaries and analyses on market trends, as well as refining new and existing products
Work with Product Managers at a strategic level to plan product roadmaps, recommend new products or enhancements, as well as estimating and prioritizing work. Ensure alignment of day-to-day activity with the overall product strategy
Develop systems to monitor the analytical quality of production models to discover anomalies, following through to investigation and resolution
Create technical documentation for both internal and external technical audiences, as well as contributing to client-facing content for non-technical audiences
Requirements:
3 – 5 years of relevant professional experience in an autonomous data analytics or data science role
Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, computational finance, or a similar quantitative field (or relevant work experience)
Knowledge of statistics, computer science and machine learning
Strong programming skills in Python (highly preferred), R, and/or Scala
Strong proficiency with Pandas and Scikit-Learn
Experience with building distributed data pipelines using PySpark
Experience with several of the following concepts: decision trees, random forests, gradient boosting; linear regression; logistic regression; dimensionality reduction using PCA and clustering
Comfortable with general SDLC concepts and processes
Results-driven attitude with a strong desire to build data products and achieve results that matter- for us and for our clients. We come to play and play to win.
Deeply held conviction for the power of data, with high analytical standards and surgical attention to detail
Fearlessness in the pursuit of process improvement, implementation, and change
Flexibility and willingness to adapt to the changing demands of a fast-paced startup environment
Solutions oriented approach and multi-dimensional problem solving
Highly self-motivated and results oriented, proven track record of exceeding goals
Commitment to success and willingness to put forth the effort to achieve it
Strong written and verbal English communication skills – ability to communicate complex ideas simply and accurately to technical and non-technical audiences",4.0,"7Park Data
4.0","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
282,Data Scientist,-1,"Artlin Consulting is seeking motivated individuals who are passionate about helping clients achieve excellence. Qualified candidates will have a creative, holistic, and systematic approach to problem-solving.

The intermediate data scientist with solid data analytics and science expertise. The Defense Acquisition Data Scientist will be a key contributor on an Executive-level Department of Defense Analytic team, leveraging knowledge of data science, methodologies, and processing techniques to support analytics and gather data from disparate Federal, Defense and public databases in support of Major Weapon System acquisition and program management. As the Data Scientist, you will work with Department leadership and a diverse analytical research cell.

Position Responsibilities:
Leverage technical and analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Apply technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Create informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Document and visualize data both temporally and spatially, and present data to managers.
Create and provide informational briefings that are required to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support data analytics efforts and stay current with evolving technologies and capabilities.
Complete ad hoc data extract and reporting tasks as requested by organizational leaders.
Perform data extracts and loads from source data systems to analytical data stores.
Work with business leaders to solve business problems by understanding, preparing, and analyzing data to predict emerging trends and provide recommendations to optimize business results.
Experience Level:
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or other business-related field, Master's Degree preferred
2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience, DoD/Federal Government experience preferred.
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated ability to write clearly, succinctly, and in a manner that appeals to a wide audience
Proven ability working successfully in a collaborative and diverse environment
Experience interacting with Senior Leadership
Secret Security Clearance and above for this role
Tools and Proficiency Level:
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar - Required
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar - Desired
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational systems
Big data and cloud processing experience
Experience working in a cloud based environment
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint
MS Access, SQL Server, SharePoint, and Visual Basic programming knowledge is a plus
Position Overview:
Applies technical and analytical techniques to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, providing process efficiencies, or addressing a pressing business problem.
Apply expertise in computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement analysis infrastructure and tools, analytic workflow processes, automations, and complex data visualizations.
Creates informational briefings that explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.
Required Education/Experience/Skills:
Active DoD Secret security clearance.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
2+ years of relevant work experience.
Strong team-building skills as well as confidence when working with senior leadership and peers.
Experience with Business Intelligence (BI) Tools such as MS Excel, Advana, Qlik, R, Python, or similar.
Experience leveraging programming languages to script the extraction, formatting, and transformation of data from a wide variety of organizational system.
Microsoft Project, Excel and PowerPoint.
Desired Education/Experience/Skills:
Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or other related fields.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools like Alterix, Tableau, or similar.
Big data and cloud processing experience.
SQL Database experience.
DoD/Federal Government experience.
Artlin Consulting, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.",4.1,"Artlin Consulting
4.1","Alexandria, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
283,Engineer,-1,"Who Are We?

QinetiQ Inc. is a leading innovator with over 25 years of experience rapidly developing advanced C5ISR sensor solutions and is a renowned world leader in robotics and autonomy.

The combined QinetiQ U.S. business unit brings capabilities across the full lifecycle of technology development from applied research and development to rapid prototyping, testing, fielding, and sustainment. Our expertise with unmanned platforms, broad sensing modalities, and cross-domain interoperability ensures that we deliver integrated solutions for Warfighter dominance in all phases of combat.

We are a world-class team of professionals who deliver next generation technology and products in robotic and autonomous platforms and systems, ground systems, soldier systems, maritime systems, airborne sensors and payloads, processing and exploitation capabilities, and integrated C2 solutions. Much of our work contributes to innovative research in ﬁelds such as sensor science, signal processing, data fusion, artiﬁcial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and augmented reality (AR).

Our customers are always our number one priority and we consistently deliver Mission-Led Innovation to empower and protect our Defense and Security forces in the U.S. and abroad.

Your Contribution to Our Mission:
This position provides Engineer support services to the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Dahlgren Division (NSWCDD), Platform Integration (H40) Division. The Unmanned & Expeditionary Weapon Systems division designs, develops, and integrates safe, innovative, and effective weapon control systems, detection systems, sensory, and weapon systems onto manned, unmanned, land, air, and sea platforms for the warfighter to include lethal and non-lethal weapons, guidance and control, unmanned and autonomous systems, advanced sensory, and weapons effectiveness for surface warfare, maritime operations, expeditionary warfare and special operations.
The position supports all technical and engineering stages of development, test, integration, and fielding of safe and innovative weapon control systems, detection systems support, advanced weapon systems support, autonomous system support, mechanical and electrical technician support towards assembly and integration. Other duties indirectly supporting these efforts include providing business operational and financial reporting support, writing technical documentation, maintaining technical databases, and editorial support of technical publications.
Duties and Responsibilities:
conduct system, subsystem, component performance, and effectiveness improvement studies.
perform obsolescence analyses with recommendations for replacement components, parts, and systems.
provide subject matter expertise to investigate system, subsystem, and component level failures during design, integration, test, manufacture, and end-use to provide recommendations for corrective actions.
analyze deficiencies discovered during testing, outlined in production reports, maintenance reports, and user feedback trouble reports, to provide recommendations on corrective actions.
perform producibility trade studies and analyze production processes to: determine the most cost-effective fabrication/manufacturing process; resolve a failure observed during testing attributed to manufacture; and reduce manufacture process technology risk.
develop and generate assembly procedures and analyze approaches and generate plans to validate fabrication/manufacturing processes.
develop and generate user operator manuals, preventive maintenance schedule manuals, and installation and removal procedures.
develop and generate demilitarization plans.
provide subject matter expertise to develop new and modify existing Production Automated Test Equipment (ATE) hardware and software that can successfully run Factory Acceptance Tests (FAT) for USN tactical electronics hardware.
To Land This Job, You Need:
A Bachelor of Science (BS) degree from an accredited college or university in an engineering, scientific, or technical discipline.
Three (3) years professional technical experience which includes at least one (1) year specialized experience performing mechanical, electrical, or computer engineering.
Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

DOD Secret

Why QinetiQ Inc.?
Your work will contribute to the protection of American Warfighters and Security Forces.
Opportunity to work with cutting edge technology.
Extensive opportunities for continuous learning, professional growth and advancement.
We only hire the best! No matter if you are entry or senior level, you will have the opportunity learn from some of the best in the industry.
We have fun! We regularly have company events, from luncheons and costume contests to golf tournaments.
We care about YOU and YOUR FAMILY. We offer competitive benefits and health insurance options.
No One Has Time for Long Job Applications!

We completely understand. That is why we have made the application process easy. We promise. This will be simple.

Accessibility/Accommodation:

If because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to staffing@us.qinetiq.com or call (540) 658-2720 Opt 4 and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.

QinetiQ Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.3,"Mteq
3.3","Dahlgren, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1954,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
284,Software Engineer Team Lead,-1,"Software Team Lead*
Mid to Senior Level Software Engineer

Skyward, Ltd. is a rapidly growing small business, located in Dayton Ohio, that provides engineering survivability, vulnerability, and lethality support to Department of Defense and commercial customers, specializing in test & evaluation support, modeling & simulation (including advanced physics-based simulation and machine learning), reverse engineering, and Unmanned Aerial Systems. We develop software for a variety of applications from rapid structural analysis tools used to simulate Live Fire Tests to Unmanned Aerial System (UAS)-embedded anomaly detection algorithms and live geospatial UAS sensor data visualization. These cross-platform (Linux, Windows, Mac) applications utilize a number of technologies including:
3D accelerated graphics
Geospatial data visualization
VR data visualization
CUDA, GPGPU, OpenCL, OpenMP, MPI development
Hardware integration of machine learning algorithms
Cloud infrastructure development and integration
Android/IOS development
Database development and integration
Re-engineering legacy software
Skyward Ltd. is seeking a well-rounded mid- to senior-level software engineer with experience leading software development projects and small teams in our Dayton, OH location to function in the following role:
Duties*
Lead software development of cross-platform engineering, visualization, and machine learning software products.
Collaborate with the Modeling & Simulation (M&S) team and participate in a unique mentorship opportunity to develop and integrate machine learning, dynamic simulation, and UAS software.
Interact with customers and partners to develop an understanding of program issues and interact with the M&S team to devise solutions.
Our Environment*
Joel Test: https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2000/08/09/the-joel-test-12-steps-to-better-code/
Source control: Yes: on-premise GitLab
One-step build: Yes, build scripts compile, test, lint, and generate documentation
Daily builds: Builds and tests are done before every merge
Bug database: Yes, GitLab Issues
Bugs fixed before writing new code: Yes
Up-to-date schedule: Yes
Specs: Yes
Quiet working conditions: Yes
Best tools money can buy: Yes
Testers: Ad-hoc
Code screening: Yes
Hallway usability testing: Yes
Requirements*
Experience leading projects and small teams
Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. DoD Security Clearance (must be U.S. Citizen).
Benefits*
Skyward offers competitive salaries and benefits, including:
Retirement plan with annual employer contributions
Employer provided Health Savings Account contributions for eligible employees
Life insurance
Comprehensive health insurance package, including dental and vision
Paid Federal holidays
A generous paid time off plan
Skyward Ltd. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, marital status, veteran's status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class set forth by federal or state law.

Skyward is a Drug-Free Workplace

All benefits are subject to plan eligibility rules, and legal requirements; from time to time benefits may be updated or modified.

This job description is designed to provide general guidance in job tasks and is not meant to be all-inclusive of the responsibilities, duties, and skills required of this position. As business demands and needs change, the essential functions of this position may be updated to reflect the needs of Skyward, Ltd.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"Skyward, Ltd.
3.1","Dayton, OH",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
285,Data Scientist,-1,"At White Ops, we are all about keeping it human. We are the global leader in bot mitigation. We protect more than 200 enterprises—including the largest internet platforms—from sophisticated bots by verifying the humanity of nearly one trillion online interactions every week. The most sophisticated bots look and act like humans when they click on ads, visit websites, fill out forms, take over accounts, and commit payment fraud. We stop them.

Founded in 2012 in a Brooklyn sci-fi bookstore, our Bot Mitigation Platform protects enterprises from the sophisticated bots that threaten them. It's an ongoing war that we fight passionately every day. Join our mission to stop bots, disrupt the economics of cyber crime, and keep it human.

The Data Science team at White Ops is building the algorithms that run behind the scenes and power our bot detection engine. We deploy state-of-the-art statistical and machine learning models at a massive scale that distinguish human activity from automated bots.

What you'll do:
Develop algorithms (i.e. rule based, statistical, machine learning) that automatically detect emerging threats
Evaluate and implement data analysis strategies to improve detection efficacy at internet-scale
Ad hoc investigations to respond to emerging threats with velocity and quality
Collaborate with product, engineering, customer success, to define and develop new product features that will delight our customers
Research for case studies and white papers on bot detection
Contribute to toolkits and platforms that scale detection analytics
Who you are:
You have a strong sense of ownership which drives you to find ways to do things better, faster, and cheaper
You look to find new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation, all by yourself
You are open, transparent and work in tight collaboration with anyone
You constantly drive for correctness and performance, in that order
You are a data scientist, analyst, engineer and have solved difficult problems to prove it
You have proficiency with SQL, Python
You have familiarity with tools, libraries and platforms such as Jupyter notebooks, Pandas, NumPy etc
Track record of independent, creative problem solving with large amounts of complex data
Knowledge of how the Internet works
Comfort with ad tech terminology
Background in data science for security is a plus
Knowledge of how web browsers work is a plus
Benefits and Perks
Unlimited vacation policy
Stock options, 401(k), and commuter benefits
Competitive salary and benefits
Medical and dental insurance for all full-time employees
Fully paid parental leave
Professional development fund
Great coaching from senior leaders and challenging development opportunities
Life at White Ops:

Our HQ office is located in the heart of New York City. We are growing the company deliberately with a keen eye towards maintaining a culture that values diversity, lifestyle, and career growth. We are doing meaningful work and we need people to join our mighty team. We are proud of our overwhelmingly positive presence on Glassdoor and Built in NYC. We have offices located in NYC, DC, Victoria, and London.",3.8,"White Ops
3.8","New York, NY",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
286,Senior Data Engineer,"$89k-$111k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Senior Data Engineer at Guild, you'll work across teams to help us build the next generation of data products. You'll work with world class data engineers to design and build the scalable, robust, and high-quality data infrastructure and data pipelines needed to support growth of our education network and SaaS platform. Ultimately, you'll help change the landscape for how we think about delivering education products to learners across the country by building a digital solution that connects students, employers, and universities to deliver education at an affordable price to students.

A day in our open, collaborative workspace might look like:
Designing, building, and expanding Guild's backend data infrastructure, including data pipelines, ETL, data ingestion, data APIs, and data warehouses
Building APIs that can be used internally or externally to serve crucial information across systems, partners, and teams
Translating complex business requirements into usable, scalable data models and systems
Mentoring other engineers and analysts on the team and sharing technical knowledge to enable others to be more effective at their jobs
In this role, you'll expand your expertise by:
Evolving our data products now and in the future by contributing to our backend data architecture
Working in an agile team environment with a high performing engineering team
Taking on a cross-functional role that will expose you to the ins and outs of Guild (working with our Product, Design, Client Success, and Student Services teams)
Receiving feedback through our learning-focused, twice annual Structured Growth Conversations
You'll know if you're successful by:
Choosing and leveraging the latest technologies in data engineering to automate data integration and loading, such as, Amazon Redshift, Redis, Java, Scala, Spark, Kafka, Python, S3 and PostgreSQL
Leveraging your experience to design solutions that will be the backbone of a highly scalable, reusable, backend data infrastructure
Ensuring our data is clean, accurate, and secure
Thriving in fast-paced and scaling environment
You'll join a team:
From diverse backgrounds – from traditional higher education, to athletic coaches, to politicians, to mental health professionals (and more!)
Of learners & problem-solvers dedicated to our dual mission of changing education in America while building a successful, high-growth company
Committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment that you'd support every day
What you'll add to Guild – as an individual and part of the broader team:
Experience building data pipelines, custom ETL processes and data warehouses
Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, Python, or Scala
Expertise in database technologies such as Redshift, PostgreSQL, Redis, and working with large sets of data
Experience deploying solutions to cloud technology services such as Amazon Web Services
Experience improving software products through engineering best practices such as refactoring, reusability, TDD and continuous integration
A proven ability to thrive in changing environments by having a fast, flexible, cooperative work style
Strong communication skills and the ability to effectively explain technical concepts to other engineers, analysts, product managers, and stakeholders.
Experience with BI tools such as Looker, Tableau, Kibana, Chart.io, etc.
Basic experience in statistical analysis, text processing, and machine learning
Passion for higher education and our mission – Guild is pioneering a new path for education as a benefit in a complicated and regulated space – success means quickly and effectively adapting your expertise
A drive to work hard and plan for how you can refresh/recharge while working in a startup
Something else? Wonderful, we're curious to learn more about you!
About Guild:

Guild is increasing economic mobility for working adults by partnering with the largest employers in the country to offer education as a benefit to their employees via our marketplace of nonprofit universities and education institutions. Guild's proprietary technology platform facilitates the administration of this innovative benefit and our team of coaches helps each employee navigate the path back to school, providing individualized support from day one through program completion.

We also just became the latest female-led company to hit a $1billion valuation and the only B-corp with those qualifications. Our Series D round was led by Ken Chenault, General Catalyst Partners chairman and former CEO of AMEX, and joined by Emerson Collective, LeadEdge Capital, and Iconiq.

Guild Education is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.",3.5,"Guild Education
3.5","Denver, CO",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
287,Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations,"$120k-$193k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Job Description

Job Title: Senior IT Data Scientist - Operations

City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois

Job Description

Join Reynolds Consumer Products… a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products, we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team! We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career and make a positive impact? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for an Operations Senior Data Scientist to join our team located at our Company Headquarters in Lake Forest, IL.

Your Role:

As an Operations Senior Data Scientist, you will primarily be responsible for solving operations problems by processing and analyzing data from multiple sources to identify meaningful relationships, patterns and trends. You will prepare data insights and proposals in narrative and visual forms and leverage advanced data science methods to discover opportunities to increase equipment effectiveness, reduce costs and provide insights to plants on process disruptions. You will have the opportunity to:
Improve the manufacturing process by formulating hypotheses, conducting experiments and delivering improvements to KPIs based on findings
Maintain and tune analytical models to predict and monitor the condition of plant equipment
Influence manufacturing decision makers by presenting statistical insights
Ensure our manufacturing operations operate at peak efficiency
Ultimately, you will be a vitally important team member in our Digital Manufacturing Group and help Reynolds Consumer Products succeed by leveraging data insights.

You will love it here if…
You are not only a team-player, but you foster a collaborative team environment
You are analytic, enjoy new challenges and thrive in a fast paced manufacturing operation
You are committed to operational excellence and to keeping others safe in the workplace
We need you to have:
A strong proficiency in statistical analysis methods and tools, e.g., Python, Machine Learning
3-5 years of experience in data model development, data visualization, and application of advanced analytics to drive business outcomes
3-5 years of experience in the design and implementation of data infrastructures and data hierarchies
Experience in AWS Analytics platform
SQL query skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
BA/BS in Data Analytics, Engineering, Business, or a related field
Icing on the cake:
Experience developing and implementing predictive maintenance and predictive quality models
Data visualization skills in Power BI
Prior experience working in operations research or related field, e.g., Industrial Engineering or Manufacturing
For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability.

Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf

The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html

The poster and the supplement can be found on this link.

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email Recruitment@ReynoldsBrands.com.

No recruiter calls or emails please.",3.5,"Reynolds Consumer Products
3.5","Lake Forest, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2010,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
288,Sr Software Engineer,-1,"*This position is contingent upon contract award.**
Raytheon Technologies intends to offer a proposal in support of STARGAZER. We are looking for an experienced Sr. Software Engineer effective at applying world-class expertise in one or more areas involving development and application of programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large data sets.

Would you like to work in a collaborative environment at a state of the art facility in Dulles, Virginia? Then join our Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) team of smart people solving problems that make the world a safer place and help to secure our great nation! Come support those who provide us with all the freedoms we enjoy. Our facility in Dulles VA offers amenities that create work and life balance. The Dulles site includes 4 modern facilities with 3 industrial buildings. On site we have a fitness center plus a fun space with a pool table, foosball and video games. Additionally, employee appreciation lunches, bonus opportunities, and great benefits that include medical, dental, vision, 401K match, flexible work schedules, are just a few of the reasons people come to work at Raytheon Technologies!

IIS, is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense, homeland security and other government markets throughout the world. With a history of innovation spanning 90+ years, IIS provides state-of-the-art electronics, mission systems integration and other capabilities in the areas of sensing; effects; and command, control, communications and intelligence systems, as well as cyber security and a broad range of mission support services

At IIS we transform data into intelligence. As a leading systems and solutions provider of intelligence, security, and advanced information technologies to government customers in the United States and internationally, IIS provides the right knowledge at the right time, enabling our customers to make timely and accurate decisions to achieve mission goals of national significance.

Our latest company video is about our people, our technology, our vision, and the values we hold dear at IIS. Click here to view: https://youtu.be/qvbCgKpkEds

Bring your talent and skills to the IIS engineering team!

Job duties may include but are not limited to:
Conducting mathematical, statistical, or other data-driven problem solving analysis to identify business operations or intelligence questions by internal and external customers.
Working independently with minimal supervision by first line supervisor or government client.
Providing technical leadership in area of expertise.
Experience:
Prefer eight (8) or more years combined experience in engineering lifecycle software solutions
Proficient with major data science tools and languages such as PostgreSQL/SQL, Python, R, NiFi, and Git
Experience with cleaning, managing, optimizing performance with, and processing large volumes of data
Familiar with industry best-practices for software-hardware optimization when processing large data sets
Desired:
Five or more years combined experience in engineering lifecycle software solutions
Experience with the Anaconda distribution of Python, and Anaconda Enterprise, PyPi, Rstudio, Jenkins, use of Cookie cutter templates, Terraform, MongoDB, cloud services and offering in AWS/C2S, cloud architecting, machine learning, statistical modeling, time-series forecasting, and/or geospatial analytics
Experience with Hadoop, Spark, or other parallel storage/computing processes a plus
Demonstrated experience productionizing data science research capabilities, analytics and applications, with a focus on transforming these into enterprise-ready applications, including but not limited to AI/ML, and deep learning models with GPU.
Familiarity with a range of approaches to automate deployments of software applications in the customer's commercial cloud environment.
Security Clearance: TS/SCI with Full Scope Polygraph (FSP).

This position requires a U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.
158161

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.",3.5,"Raytheon Intelligence & Space
3.5","Herndon, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,2020,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
289,"Lead Software Engineer, AutoML","$92k-$176k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx


Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company? At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers, and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way.

About the Boston Office


The Boston Office was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of the data analytics market leader. Forget the stereotypical tech companies of the past. Embrace the unconventional, exercise your imagination and help alter the future with Alteryx!

Overview


As a Lead Software Engineer on the AutoML team, you’ll be directly responsible for building a core machine learning library which powers Alteryx’s current and future products. You should be comfortable with the challenges of engineering systems for machine learning technologies, adept at software design and implementation, and readily able to solve complex challenges with mathematical dependencies.

Responsibilities
Maintain and improve the quality and performance of the AutoML package
Design, build and validate new machine learning pipelines
Author new features, from conception and design to implementation and testing
Integrate AutoML with other products and services
Promote a culture of rigorous software development practice and high quality standards
Mentor other engineers and promote technical leadership throughout the organization
Be part of a dynamic, friendly and ambitious team with technical influence throughout Alteryx and beyond
***The company will not provide sponsorship for work visas or other employment authorization for this position***


Requirements
Minimum 5 years experience as a software engineer
Experience writing production-quality code in Python
Experience with a broad variety of machine learning algorithms
Experience and interest in leading teams and managing projects
Experience with API design
Understanding of the math which powers machine learning and data analysis in general
Experience with data-related Python tools like NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, and Dask
Experience with debugging complex software issues and mathematical systems
Bonus
Experience with AutoML algorithms and products
Experience with performance testing machine learning systems
Experience building systems for distributed computation
Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Health plans that cover your family and pets
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
290,Data Scientist,"$74k-$122k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Data Scientist, Industry 4.0

Stanley Black & Decker is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join their Advanced Manufacturing Center of Excellence team. Since 1843, Stanley Black and Decker has been committed to innovation and social responsibility, while becoming a leader in multiple industries. In this position, one can expect to use their expertise in big data and data collection to lead others to solve critical business problems.

Stanley Black & Decker has created this state of the art manufacturing incubator to accelerate its global Industry 4.0 “smart factory” initiative across the entire organization. The 23,000-square foot facility will serve as a hub for the latest advancements in IoT, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, 3-D printing, robotics and advanced materials. This team will set the overall vision and strategy for the company’s Industry 4.0 initiative and supply the resources and expertise necessary to serve as the epicenter for the latest technologies and processes with respect to Industry 4.0.

To learn more about Industry 4.0 and Stanley Black and Decker’s vision, visit:
http://ir.stanleyblackanddecker.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=114416&p=irol-newsArticle&cat=news&id=2321207.

Responsibilities, Competencies and Experience

Responsibilities include:
Leveraging big data to discover patterns and solve strategic & tactical business problems using massive structured and unstructured data sets across multiple environments
Developing analytic capabilities (e.g. models and processes) that drive better outcomes for both customers and the company
Driving the collection, cleansing, processing and analysis of new and existing data sources.
Building, testing, and deploying predictive models and/or machine learning algorithms on large static and/or streaming data sets
Reporting findings by creating useful and appropriate data outputs and visualizations tailored for the intended audiences
Learning & staying current on Internet of Things developments, news, opportunities, and challenges
Generating innovative ideas, establish new research directions, shape and execute the information strategy in support of technical projects and new product developments
Working with and supporting other team members, management, and partners

Required experience and skill include:
Advanced degree (MS/PhD) in a relevant technical field (e.g., Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Econometrics) with 3+ years’ experience in related data science, analytics, and model building roles or 5+ years’ experience in directly related roles
Experience working with large complex data sets, real time/near real time analytics, and distributed big data platforms (Hadoop & MapReduce and/or Cassandra/Spark)
Strong practical knowledge of analytical techniques and methodologies such as machine learning/supervised and unsupervised techniques, segmentation, mix and time series modeling, response modeling, lift modeling, experimental design, neural networks, data mining and optimization techniques
Strong knowledge of analysis tools such as Python, R, MATLAB, Spark or SAS, R/Spark on Hadoop or Cassandra.
Strong background in applying statistical machine learning techniques to predictive modeling and experience with Machine Learning libraries (via R, H2O, Python, Spark, etc)
Proficiency in programming in Python, R, SQL, Javascript, Java/Scala/Ruby and shell scripting
Proficiency in consuming REST based API (with JSON payload) is a plus.
Fluency in big data platforms including Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Spark, PIG
Familiarity with Cloud based HaaS/PaaS solutions such as AWS EMR, MS Azure.
A strong understanding of data profiling and data cleansing techniques
Natural curiosity and a strong passion for empirical research and problem solving
Strong written and verbal communications skills; comfortable communicating with senior levels of both business and technology leadership

Competencies include:
Statistical Analysis & Modeling
Understanding Business Problems
Data Wrangling & Exploration
Problem Solving Mindset
Clear Communication
Technical Fluency

The Company
For the builders and protectors, for the makers and explorers, for those shaping and reshaping our world through hard work and inspiration. Since 1843, Stanley Black & Decker has provided the tools and innovative solutions to propel people to their goals. They collaborate with one goal in mind: empower people to do better, safer, more significant work. They define success as: delivering value to their customers, colleagues and communities. Their commitment to quality, safety and sustainability keeps them focused on their path to becoming the type of uniquely human-centered global industrial company that keeps every stakeholder in mind, while being “For Those Who Make The World”.

Stanley Black & Decker, an S&P 500 and FORTUNE 500 company, is the world's leading provider of tools and storage, the world's second-largest commercial electronic security company, and a leading engineered fastening systems provider, with unique growth platforms in the Oil & Gas and Infrastructure industries. With industry elite partners such as DEWALT, Porter-Cable, Craftsman, Bostitch, Lenox, and more: Stanley Black & Decker provides to the tools to build the world.

Learn more about Stanley Black & Decker at http://www.stanleyblackanddecker.com/.

All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran’s status or any other protected characteristic.",3.3,"Stanley Black & Decker
3.3","Hartford, CT",-1,10000+ Employees,1843,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
291,Sr Data Scientist,"$87k-$142k
(Glassdoor Est.)","We Are Hiring

Remote Opportunity!

Our Ascension Data Science Institute is looking to add an experienced Sr. Data Scientist to their dynamic and growing team!

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creates efficient algorithms and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support. Identifies, defines, directs and preforms project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Creates and manages a machine learning pipeline, from raw data acquisitions to merging and normalizing to sophisticated feature engineering development to model execution.
Designs, leads and actively engages in projects with broad implication for the business and/or the future architecture, successfully addressing cross-technology and cross-platform issues. Selects tools and methodologies for projects and negotiates terms and conditions with vendors.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less-experiences staff.
Leads the organizations planning for the future of the data model and data architecture.
What You Will Need

Education:
High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required.
PhD preferred.
Work Experience:
1 year of experience required.
Available GitHub page showing data science capabilitites.
High level of technical skills in mathematics, statistics and or programming.
Experience with intrerpretting data science output for non-data science stakeholders, study/ methods design.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
292,Senior Infrastructure Engineer,"$90k-$160k
(Glassdoor Est.)","About Alteryx

Alteryx develops software for data preparation and analysis, including a number of server solutions for model deployment, collaborative work on data, and scheduling of automatic data processing. We're revolutionizing data analytics by providing a complete end to end, self-service platform that allows users to get from business questions to business answers at incredible speeds. Why work for just any analytics company?

At Alteryx, we are explorers, dreamers and innovators. We're on a journey to build the best analytics platform in the world, but we can't do it without people like you leading the way. We want Alteryx to be recognized as much for our dynamic work culture as for our products.

About Alteryx Innovation Labs

The Innovation Labs office, Alteryx's first office presence in Boston, was started earlier this year by the acquisition of MIT-spinout Feature Labs. This rapidly growing team combines the excitement of being part of a fast-paced, innovative startup with the resources, market penetration, and wisdom of a data analytics market leader. Our goal is to turbo-charge machine learning and data science efforts on the Alteryx platform, and to enable anyone to solve impactful problems. We are working on high-impact, high-visibility projects, and we’re looking for collaborative and knowledge-hungry teammates who want to join us as we work to democratize machine learning.

Overview

As an Infrastructure Engineer you will lead the Innovation Labs’ effort to deploy, scale, secure and manage our new multi-platform data science product (sorry we can’t say much yet on what it is publicly, but we promise it’s great!). In this role, you will have the opportunity to problem solve, drive projects to success, communicate with stakeholders, and learn from both success and failures as part of a dynamic, friendly and ambitious team with technical influence throughout Alteryx and beyond.

Responsibilities
Work with the rest of the infrastructure team to build, design and scale a Docker-based cloud version of the product.
Develop compliance and security practices across the engineering organization
Define and promote a culture of rigorous software development practice and high quality standards
***The company will not provide sponsorship for work visas or other employment authorization for this position***

Requirements
5+ years experience in Docker-based cloud deployments, ideally with Kubernetes and on AWS
Experience in Single and Multi-Tenant Enterprise deployments
Experience writing clear and effective documentation
Experience with automated testing and CI/CD platforms and tools like CircleCI, Selenium, etc
Experience with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform for example)
Bonus
Experience with Windows Server, Powershell and installers
Experience with Azure and/or Google Cloud
Contributions to open-source frameworks and/or libraries
Experience in building ML data pipelines
Perks
100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision for associates
Health plans that cover your family and pets
Company matched 401(k)
Associate stock purchase plan
Paid time off: 3 weeks’ vacation, 5 sick days, 9 holidays, 3 floating holidays, and 20 hours volunteer time
100% paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Wellness programs with up to $300 fitness reimbursement annually
Collaborative offices stocked with healthy snacks and drinks
Office events, catered lunches, and happy hours
#LI-JE1",3.6,"Alteryx
3.6","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1997,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
293,Senior AI Engineer - Machine Learning | Deep Learning,"$126k-$205k
(Glassdoor Est.)","VW. Two letters. Endless opportunities. A bright future.

Innovation. Sophistication. Optimization. This is our Passion.

Worldwide, the Volkswagen Group has a long tradition of dramatic innovations. The Volkswagen Group with its headquarters in Wolfsburg is one of the world’s leading automobile manufacturers and the largest carmaker in Europe. The Group comprises twelve brands from seven European countries: Volkswagen Passenger Cars, Audi, SEAT, ŠKODA, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Porsche, Ducati, Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles, Scania and MAN. Here in the US, we are blending German engineering with American ingenuity.

At the Innovation & Engineering Center California (IECC), we represent the Volkswagen Group in applied research and development. Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, we create bold new ideas for the Volkswagen, Audi, Bentley, Lamborghini, Bugatti and Porsche brands. We’re a team of engineers, designers, scientists, and psychologists looking to develop innovations for future generations of cars, and to transfer technologies from many industries and research institutions into the automotive domain. Our mission is to drive change which means we are not only impacting one of the world’s largest car makers, but also the lives of millions of people. Are you ready to join us?

Senior AI Engineer (Machine Learning|Deep Learning)

Role Summary

This role will be tasked with applying machine learning/deep learning to the automotive industry. Applications could include autonomous driving, manufacturing, material design etc. This is more than a purely academic role – you will likely need to integrate the modules you build into real cars and also think about questions around testability and proving safety. Working in our facility requires a high level of independence and an ability to deal with lots of ambiguity. The incumbent will not be given clear cut projects – instead this individual and subsequent team will be responsible for coming up with the “next big thing” that nobody has thought of as yet, building it and selling it. This position should be held by a Computer Science Engineer, or equivalent, with experience in the development of Software and Software architectures.

Role Responsibilities



Software Development
Maintains, as well as furthers, enhances existing machine learning modules for autonomous vehicles.
Designs and implements new machine learning based approaches based on existing frameworks.
Keeps up to speed with the state of the art of academic research and technology in the industry
Coordinates with engineers at the ICC and in Germany on the development of autonomous driving software.
Transfers technologies and solutions to Volkswagen Group development divisions.
Software Testing and Evaluation
Integrates new software modules into the autonomous vehicle framework.
Tests developed modules in the prototype vehicle (unit tests, integration tests, in-vehicle/field tests, etc.).
Analyzes and evaluates conducted tests.
Process Documentation and Representation
Develops technical specifications and documentation.
Represents Volkswagen Group in the technical community, such as at conferences.
Qualifications

Years of Experience
8+ years' professional experience (5+ years’ Machine Learning; 3+ years’ Deep Learning)
Education Required
Master’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent. PhD Strongly Preferred
Skills
Strong knowledge of different machine learning algorithms
Required Skills
Background in Deep Neural Network Learning, Computer Vision and Machine Learning
Strong programming skills with Python and TensorFlow on desktops, embedded and distributed backends (e.g. AWS), Knowledge of generating features from sensor technology like camera, lidar, radar, GPS/ D-GPS and HD maps
Experience with data gathering, data quality, system architecture, coding best practices
Take initiative to launch projects with the ability to quickly learn and develop own ideas in an interdisciplinary environment
Extracting high level logical structure from low level, multi-dimensional data
Experience with CNNs, RNN, LSTMs and the latest research trends
Specification/Documentation of interfaces between software modules.
Significant amount of published research articles
Desired Skills
Graphical Models
Object Detection, NLP, Scene Understanding
Background or strong interest in automotive Engineering
Experience with C++, CUDA, OpenCV and Matlab
Big Data and cloud experience strongly preferred
Experience with cameras, LIDAR, IMU, GPS, other sensing modalities
Experience in a regulated industry – automotive, aeronautics, medical devices etc.
C++ & GPU Programming
Passion for cars or physical products
Work Flexibility
5% of time international travel possible
We are proud to be an EEO employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

#LI-CK",3.5,"Volkswagen Group of America
3.5","Belmont, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1955,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Transportation Equipment Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
294,Software Engineer,"$90k-$131k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Software Engineer

OSBU | Denver, CO, United States

Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)?

At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security.

Rincon Research Corporation seeks a Software Engineer to create cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems solutions to challenging national security and defense problems. You will work in a multi-disciplinary R&D environment with similarly skilled and motivated electrical engineers, mathematicians, and computer scientists/engineers in a highly rewarding personal and professional environment.

Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future!

What are the primary responsibilities in the Software Engineer position?

Core responsibilities include designing real-time processing solutions, implementing advanced signal processing and geolocation algorithms in efficient software, testing with real data, and deploying to front-line customer facilities. You also create effective user interfaces and data visualization tools. A key responsibility is mastering and evolving framework capabilities as applications migrate to a cloud-based computing environment. RRC personnel can expect to work across all functional areas: systems engineering, development, integration and test, deployment and O&M, and experience the direct mission feedback from the customer and seeing your project provide real-world contributions that make a significant difference.

What required background will make you successful?
Degree (Bachelor’s, Master's, or PhD) in Computer Engineering or Computer Science
Competent in using C/C++/Python for engineering or scientific applications in the Linux environment
Facility with agile software development practices at all stages of the software life cycle
Good speaking skills with the ability to interact with customers and senior engineers
Able to assist in creation of cutting-edge solutions for customer issues
Ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI security clearance
(US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED)
Technical Interest Areas:
High Performance Computing including parallel and distributed computation
Numerical algorithms
GPU acceleration using CUDA
Machine learning
Virtualization and Cloud computing
Visualization of large engineering data
HTML5 for real-time GUI engineering applications
Where is the position located?

This position is located at our Denver, CO office.

What benefits does RRC offer?
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD)
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor.",4.1,"Rincon Research Corporation
4.1","Centennial, CO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
295,Data Scientist,"$72k-$121k
(Glassdoor Est.)","As a Data Scientist, you will have the unique opportunity to work on a program developing target models and advancing state-of-the-art modeling and prediction capabilities. This program will develop and train machine learning models to detect and discern features in scenes and develop an adversarial patch framework to defeat the trained classifiers.
Our delivery teams are driven to explore new ideas and technology, and care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. We follow SAFe agile practices, embrace the Ops ethos(DataOps/DevSecOps/MLOps) to “automate-first”, use modern tech stacks, and constantly challenge each other to grow and improve.
If cutting edge data science projects resonate with you and you care deeply about joining a mission-driven company with a strong growth direction and diverse culture, we'd love to learn more about you. Check out the details below, and let’s connect.

Technical members of our solutions teams require little guidance, but love to learn, collaborate, and problem solve. This position requires a mid to senior level of experience, a passion for mission support, and a strong desire to solve our customers’ hardest technical and data challenges.
The Data Scientist will be responsible for the following:
Develop, train and evaluate Machine Learning models
Develop strategies for data augmentation and synthetic data
Utilize models to detect and classify targets within scenes
Develop adversarial attacks to defeat trained classifiers

Requirements:
TS/SCI clearance required
5+ years of related experience
Experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow or MXNet
Prior experience with the Intelligence Community and methodological experience in some of the following areas
Relationships and discovery (correlating, enriching, and prioritizing target data)
Situational awareness (unifying data into a single context, allowing the current situation to be accurately and quickly understood)
Systems modeling (building a computational analog of real-world-system to understand how it operates, what it is capable of, and how it can be fooled)
We're looking for a motivated Data Scientist eager to advance not only your professional career, but also the missions of our Intelligence and Defense communities. At NT Concepts, you'll be able to:
Meaningfully impact the company's growth, and share in the rewards accordingly
Develop your own career path through our What’s Next program, which emphasizes personal growth through training and certification
Work on programs of importance that directly impact National Security and the world
Work in a fun, “challenging yet rewarding” fast-paced environment
#CJ
#JT",3.6,"NT Concepts
3.6","Chantilly, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1998,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
296,Software Engineer,"$72k-$146k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Brook Automation, Inc., the leading robotics and factory automation equipment provider for the semiconductor and life science industries is looking for a software development engineer to join its Systems Software Group at its Fremont location in California.

Job Description

The focus of the job is on equipment control for the semiconductor business. The primary area of work is C# programming with Microsoft Visual Studio 2019, targeting Windows 10, Linux and Windows CE operating systems. Work also involves C++ programming for real time operating systems including NuttX, Linux, and VxWorks. The projects all involve embedded software control of robotic and other motion related hardware. In addition, machine vision and machine learning technologies are being incorporated into the system. The following specific tasks will be performed during the project life cycle.
Gather requirements, write requirement specification, and get spec reviewed by team.
Write design specification, and get spec reviewed by team.
Implement the design with C#/C++ programming, and get code reviewed by team.
Design test cases, and run unit testing over software emulation and on hardware.
Integrate software component to overall system, and perform SQA testing.
Work with rest of team, including ME, EE and SW engineers in system level integration.
Document release features and application notes for customers.
Support customers in their software integration, and in handling field escalations.
Participate in team reviews on specs, on code, on documentation and on test-cases.
Qualification

The following qualifications are required:
Bachelors degree or equivalence of 5 years of work experience.
Written and verbal communication skills to communicate design with rest of the team.
5 years of experience in professional software development.
5 years of experience in programming C# and/or C++.
Fluency in using UML for Object Oriented Analysis/Design, including state machines.
Experience in programming multi-threading, and network communication.
Experience in working on software in instrumentation or equipment control.
Experience in working with a small project team of 6 12 engineers.
Experience in some of the following areas are desired:
Experience in customization of Linux operating system.
Experience in software applications and algorithms using machine vision.
Experience in software applications and algorithms using machine learning.
Experience in software/firmware development on real-time operating system (RTOS).
Experience in software/firmware development using Micro-Control-Unit (MCU) chips.
Experience in working on robotics and motion control related software.
Experience in C# based rich GUI development with Microsoft Windows FORMs and WPF.
Experience in Python scripting.
Experience using GIT source control such as Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS).
Experience in the semiconductor or semiconductor equipment industry.
EOE M/F/Disabled/VET",3.5,"Brooks Automation
3.5","Fremont, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1978,Company - Public,Industrial Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
297,Machine Learning Engineer,"$70k-$125k
(Glassdoor Est.)","Description

Job Description:

Leidos is a Fortune 500™ company aimed at embracing and solving some of the world’s most pressing challenges. Through science and technology, Leidos makes the world safer, healthier and more efficient.

Our Civil Group offers an array of exciting career opportunities for the best IT, energy, logistics and engineering professionals. Driven by our talented workforce, the Security Detection & Automation Operation is the cornerstone of Leidos’ comprehensive suite of fully integrated security detection and automation solutions for aviation, ports and borders, and critical infrastructure customers around the world, with more than 24,000 products deployed across 120 countries. Leidos is positioned to address emerging and evolving threats through rapid development of innovative solutions for our global customers. Leidos’ SDA Operation, in conjunction with the TSA, also performs on-call, onsite installation servicing of X- Ray Detection Equipment using leading edge technology to ensure the safety of our clients, customer and passengers. The Security Detection and Automation Operation is comprised of four divisions to align with our customers’ missions and needs:

· Checkpoint

· Hold Baggage

· Ports & Borders

· General Automation

We are seeking a motivated and talented machine learning engineer to join an algorithm development team and participate with hands-on contributions to advanced detection and computer vision algorithms, and supporting software infrastructure.

A successful candidate will apply strong software development skills with knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, and computer vision to contribute to the development of advanced algorithms for next-generation threat detection security systems. The candidate will collaborate with team members to propose and implement improvements to algorithms and supporting software, tools, and compute infrastructure.

Responsibilities will include

Contributing to a team that is developing object detection and image processing system architectures that will be implemented in real-time decisioning processes in security screening systems fielded across the world
Hands on development of advanced machine learning, object detection, image processing, and computer vision algorithms
Development of machine learning software infrastructure to support algorithm development, visualization, and evaluation.

Education:

BS in Computer Science or a related field
Masters degree preferred

Required Qualifications

Minimum 6 years software development experience
Minimum 3 years experience developing machine learning algorithms and supporting software infrastructure
Proficient with Linux
Proficient with Python and Scientific Python Libraries
Proficient with PyTorch or similar deep learning framework
Familiarity with deep neural network architectures and concepts

Desirable Experience

Experienced with algorithm performance evaluation and optimization
Proficient with C++
Experienced with NVIDIA CUDA development
Experienced creating data visualizations using QT and OpenGL frameworks

Leidos is growing! Connect with us on LinkedIn and Facebook. We value and support the well-being and mobility of our employees with competitive benefit packages, complementary e-learning training, work-life flexibility, an exciting External Referral Program, and a diverse, inclusive and ethical work place. In fact, in 2020, Leidos was ranked as one of the “World's Most Ethical Companies” by the Ethisphere Institute for the third consecutive year.

External Referral Bonus:
Eligible

Potential for Telework:
No

Clearance Level Required:
None

Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40

Shift:
Day

Requisition Category:
Professional

Job Family:
Software Engineering

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 38,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Va., Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $11.09 billion for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2020. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.",3.6,"Leidos
3.6","Saint Petersburg, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
298,"Staff Software Engineer, Personalization",-1,"As our first Personalization Engineer at Skillshare, you'll be building out the foundations of a micro-services based Personalization system that will connect our users to the right content.

Skillshare is a New York-based mission-driven technology startup that has built an online learning community where millions come together to take the next step in their creative journey. We want our community to get inspired, learn new skills, and work in ways they care about so that living a creative life is possible for everyone.

You’ll be joining a fast-paced team that is passionate about technology, building products we’re proud of, and upholding a strong, collaborative team culture. We’re excited to meet you!
What you’ll do:
Design, develop and ship new microservices that will power the personalization APIs used by our website and mobile apps
Operationalize the historical and real-time data pipeline to create, train and update the models
Collaborate on design and end-to-end development of personalization APIs with data scientists and product managers
Collaborate with data scientists on developing features, prototyping and iterative tuning of models
Architect simple solutions to complex challenges
Ship code to production daily to support our fast-growing product
Participate in agile software development including daily stand-ups, bi-weekly sprint planning, and sprint retrospectives for the team
Why we're excited about you:
You have 5+ years of experience building highly-scalable APIs and services
You’re an experienced backend engineer with a proven history of building at scale
You are a natural collaborator – you work seamlessly within and between teams
You are motivated by full ownership of your work and are eager to help improve our users’ experience
You have experience in developing and deploying software in a continuous delivery environment
You have experience using AWS services and developing serverless or container-based services
You have experience developing with Python, Node.js, AWS Kinesis, and other caching and data store technologies
You have experience developing and operating machine learning-powered personalization related services in production
You have a strong understanding of how to transform business needs into features and you have the data and business intuition to be able to design, vet and trouble-shoot features for recommendation systems
You have experience or interest in feature flag based development
You have a passion for having a real impact on the world
You have worked with US-based clients/teams
You are highly proficient in English
Why you're excited about us:
Our mission: We are building a learning ecosystem for the new economy and changing millions of lives for the better.
Our team: We have a passionate, smart team that is a lot of fun to work with. You will have the opportunity to travel to New York and spend time with the teams there.
Your life: We take pride in our flexibility. Working remotely is part of how we need to work these days. You’re a professional, and we trust you to do what you need to do.
Impact: You’ll play a key role in shaping the direction of the engineering team and overall technology strategy.
Our growth: We are looking at triple-digit growth (and then some). It’s going to be a very exciting few years ahead for Skillshare, and you'll participate in the company stock option plan.
Flexibility: We believe that doing your best work means living a full life. That means different things for everyone, so we optimize for trust, invest to support remote teams, and encourage work-life balance. We offer a flexible work culture, including Work From Home Tuesdays and extensive vacation days.
Your growth: Ongoing education including learning stipends, English language classes, conference opportunities, and in-house training, ranging from Equity 101 to Engineering Lunch & Learns and professional skills.
About Skillshare:
Skillshare is an online learning community for creatives. We have thousands of inspiring classes for creative and curious people, and millions of members who come together to find inspiration and take the next step in their creative journey. We are a series-D company backed by OMERS, Union Square Ventures, Spark Capital, Amasia, Spero Ventures, and Burda Principal Investments.

Skillshare is committed to building a diverse team that reflects a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We’re proud to be recognized as a top place to work by BuiltinNYC, Crain’s, and Forbes, in addition to being one of the five best places to work for women by Bpeace, and a top-rated workplace for dads by Fatherly. We work to ensure a consistent interview process, fair compensation, and inclusive work environment for all.",3.9,"Skillshare
3.9",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Education Training Services,Education,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
299,Senior Data Scientist,-1,"The $21B Powersports market (motorcycles, ATVs, UTVs, PWCs, snowmobiles) is all about fast and fun, but the purchasing process is slow and frustrating. Octane enables consumers to live their passion by making powersports purchases instant, seamless, and widely available. Octane launched a credit product, branded as Roadrunner Financial, in 2016 to provide financing to prime and near-prime consumers who have historically been underserved by incumbent banks, expanding coverage to 50% of responsible consumers. Together with our automated underwriting and digital buying experience, Octane and RoadRunner cut the time to close a transaction from hours to minutes.

We are both the platform and the lender, which means we have both high growth and positive unit economicsrare for a fintech. Octane has raised >$100M in equity from IA Ventures, Valar Ventures, Contour Venture Partners, Citi Ventures, and other leading investors.

We are seeking a talented data scientist to lead projects related to credit risk analytics and model development. You will be working with a versatile team of data scientists and financial professionals to design and implement models underlying the core functions of Octane's lending business and loan portfolios.

Responsibilities:
Lead and manage the development of machine learning powered predictive models for Octane's real-time credit and technology systems
Continuously drive improvements in Octane's modeling approach and architecture
Design and implement customer-facing experiments that improve our user experience and grow loan originations
Manage and mine large data sets of proprietary and third-party data to draw insights and recommendations for policy and strategy decisions
Implement statistical methods to solve specific business problems utilizing code (Python)
Champion data analytics and help advance our culture of data-driven decision-making
Requirements:
Knowledge of various data science disciplines including descriptive analytics, optimization, probability, hypothesis testing, regression, forecasting and machine learning
Understanding of end-to-end development of machine learning systems, especially feature engineering and feature selection
Experience with both model development and systems integration
Excellent Python and SQL skills and familiarity with AWS
A track record of taking initiative and driving results, and a passion to build, design and transform a young organization
Strong communication skills and experience working across teams
MS in a quantitative field, followed by 3+ years experience or BS in a quantitative field, followed by 5+ years experience
Industry experience within Consumer Credit, FinTech, Financial Services, or similar preferred
Benefits
Robust Health Care Plans (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Generous Parental Leave
Up to 5 weeks PTO (self-managed)
Retirement Plan (401k) with Company contribution
Educational Assistance/Tuition Reimbursement up to $3K/year
Life Insurance (Basic, Voluntary & AD&D)
Short Term / Long Term Disability & Life insurance
Pre-Tax Commuter Benefits
Office snacks, full fridge, and drinks
Weekly catered Lunches
Monthly team outings
Fun company outings like bowling, yoga, cycling, mixology, cooking classes, & more!
Octane Lending is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other protected status with respect to recruitment, hiring, promotion and other terms and conditions of employment.",4.1,"Octane
4.1","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2014,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
