,Job Title,Salary Estimate,Job Description,Rating,Company Name,Location,Headquarters,Size,Founded,Type of ownership,Industry,Sector,Revenue,Competitors
0,Clinical Data Scientist (Manager),$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"ROLE SUMMARY
As part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence
Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation, testing and implementation of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an electronic data capture (EDC) system and/or other data collection systems.
Serve as a technical resource to the study teams for DM and RBM standards, tools, data provisioning, and reporting
Partners with Research/Business Units and any external DM service provider to deliver high quality data management for all studies as assigned.
Proactively drives quality and efficiency to meet timeline and milestones for data management, ensuring scientific and operational excellence in support of strategic imperatives and in collaboration with the cross functional study team (s).
Ensure work carried out by DM providers is in accordance with applicable SOPs and working practices.
Ensure the required study-specific DM&M documents in the Trial Master File (TMF) are of high quality and are filed contemporaneously.
Ensure operational excellence in collaboration with partners for application of standards, data acquisition, proactive data review and data integrity monitoring, data cleaning, e-data processing, data access and visualization, and database release.
QUALIFICATIONS
Proficient experience using Oracle Inform EDC software
Experience with Oracle DMW preferred
Working experience applying CDISC CDASH standards
Demonstrated successful experience in all relevant clinical data management activities in a BioPharmaceutical or CRO setting
Working knowledge of all phases of clinical trials and ability to assess and determine study requirement from protocol review
Strong Project and Risk Management
CRO and vendor oversight experience preferred
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Consistent, detail oriented, communicative, dedicated to do a job well done
Minimum 5 years Data Management experience required
Working knowledge of clinical research, FDA & ICH, GCP, GCDMP, and related regulatory requirements
Experience using data visualization tools (e.g. Spotfire, jReview)
Familiarity with MedDRA/WHO-Drug
Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office Suite of tools (Outlook, Word, Excel, etc.)
Bachelor’s degree required or at least 15 years of relevant data management experience.
This role can be remote based but we prefer new hires to be located at one of the listed locations and be on-site at least 3 days per week.

The job location can be Collegeville PA, Peapack NJ, Groton CT, La Jolla CA, or Cambridge MA
Sunshine Act

Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility

Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Medical",4.1,"Pfizer
4.1","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1849,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
1,"Data Scientist / Machine Learning / DL / AI - C++ / CUDA / Syracuse, N",$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description:At Lockheed Martin Rotary & Mission Systems, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!

Lockheed Martin Corporation's Rotary & Mission Systems (RMS) business is in search of an astute software engineering professional to join our team. The engineer will support multiple programs and participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle (design, code, and test). The engineer will leverage RMS software engineering processes and procedures while performing their respective software engineering and verification activities.

In this important role the software engineer will collaborate with other engineering disciplines and program personnel and will participate in cross functional six sigma style product or process improvement meetings. Keeping up-to-date on emerging technologies and tools will be encouraged.

Will be flexible, motivated, dedicated, detail-focused, team-oriented, and capable of multi-tasking. This position is for a SW engineer with extensive experience in the SW Architecture definition, design, implementation, integration and test of complex systems. Will be expected to provide focused technical leadership on domestic and/or international programs.
Basic Qualifications:
Must have the ability to obtain a DOD security clearance to at least the Secret level.

Primary object is to identify and hire a software engineer with strong artificial intelligence, machine learning and/or deep learning programming experience and expertise. Identified candidate will be assigned to a project focused on Cognitive-based Electronic Warfare capabilities. Experience with designing, training, optimizing and inferencing of neural networks is required. An applicable educational background in software systems and software development techniques is required. A proficiency in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) using C++ is required. Linux operating system experience is required. Expertise in Object Oriented Analysis (OOA), Object Oriented Design (OOD), and Rhapsody are required. The ability to be flexible, motivated, dedicated, detail-focused, and team-oriented is required. The ability to multi-task is required. Strong interpersonal skills are required. Strong written and verbal communication skills are required. The ability to collaborate effectively in a team environment is required.

Will have experiences in Real Time SW Development including: Radar, sonar or electronic warfare signal data processing; distributed multi-threaded concurrent SW Architectures and programming; the latest in interprocess communication approaches, technologies and HW architectures including COTS HW processing and COTS HW networking; SW integration and test of systems; experience working in, managing and configuring real time operating systems to include kernel development and HW/SW interfaces.

Software leadership skills will be required, and previous experience is preferred. Technical leadership of a team of embedded, real-time applied software engineers. Demonstrated ability to plan/schedule software tasking, plan and execute Agile-based development efforts while maintaining and using metrics to assess cost and schedule status.
Specific role will be focused on internal research and development (IR&D) projects in the Electronic Warfare (EW) domain. Preferred experience with both ELINT and COMINT aspects of EW. Significant portion of the I&RD effort is focused on developing Machine Learning and Deep Learning based solutions to be applied to next generation EW systems. Experience with any of the following is desired: GPGPUs, CUDA/DIGITS, neural networks, Python, and/or ML/DL Frameworks such as Caffe, Tensor Flow and TensorRT.
Desired Skills:
Solid analytical/debug and SW/HW integration and test skills are desired. Software development skills to include C/C++/C# and/or Java are desired. Familiarity with Digital and RF logic design and test is desired. Experience with test instrumentation and MILSTD HW protocols (e.g. 1553, ARINC) and other interfaces (e.g. VME, Fibre, Ethernet, PCI, JTAG/1149.1) is desired. Experience with Ada, DOORS, VxWorks, or UML modeling tools is a plus. Experience with formal software testing, verification, and validation is desirable. Real Time Embedded SW Engineering skills are desired.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional",3.9,"Lockheed Martin
3.9","Liverpool, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1995,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
2,Certified Lab Scientist or Certified Lab Tech,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Prairie Ridge Health is looking for a team member to join or Lab Department in the role of Certified Lab Scientist or Certified Lab Tech. This position is PRN (as needed) and will be responsible for performing general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability...….

POSITION SUMMARY
Lab Scientist

The Medical Technologist performs general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability. The data obtained is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease involving patient of all ages. The Medical Technologist develops and maintains test procedures and protocols, and troubleshoots both technology and sample related problems. (S)he exercises independent judgment and responsibility with minimal supervision. May supervise others in the absence of the Laboratory Supervisor. Makes decisions about the accuracy of test results, instrument operation, specimen suitability, and uses sound clinical judgment in setting the priority of tests/patients

OR

Lab Tech

The Clinical Laboratory Technician I performs general laboratory testing in the areas of Hematology, Chemistry, Urinalysis, Transfusion Services, Coagulation, Microbiology, Serology, and Specimen processing with a high degree of accuracy and reliability. The data obtained is used in the diagnosis and treatment of disease involving patient of all ages. The Clinical Laboratory Technician II develops and maintains test procedures and protocols, and troubleshoots both technology and sample related problems. (S)he exercises independent judgment and responsibility with minimal supervision. Makes decisions about the accuracy of test results, instrument operation, specimen suitability, and uses sound clinical judgment in setting the priority of tests/patients.

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS/LICENSURE/CERTIFICATION/REGISTRATION

Lab Scientist

Bachelors’ degree in Medical Technology and graduate of an accredited Medical Technology Program.
Registered or eligible as a Medical Technologist (MT) or Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS) with a national accrediting agency (ASCP) or qualified as a MT/CLS having passed the Federal Equivalence Exam (HEW)
Meets the CLIA 88 requirements for individuals performing highly complex testing
CPR certification

OR

Lab Tech

Associate degree and completion of a 2 year CLT / Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) training program.
Registered or eligible as a Clinical Laboratory Technician or Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) with a national accrediting agency (ASCP).
Meets the CLIA 88 requirements for individuals performing highly complex testing.
A minimum of 1 year experience in a clinical laboratory performing highly complex testing is desired or a recent new graduate of an accredited school.
CPR certification

FTE: PRN (as needed)

Shift: As Needed

Powered by JazzHR

Ly3sHi576B",2.0,"Prairie Ridge Health
2.0","Columbus, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Hospital,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
3,Data Scientist - Medicare Advantage Generalist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"A bit about us:

We’re on a mission to change healthcare — how it’s paid for, delivered, experienced. We want to put people center stage, not process or profit. We are guided by a deep belief that every person on Medicare should be treated like we would treat a member of our own family: with loving care and a profound commitment to their health and well-being.

That’s why we’re gathering a whole bunch of smart, big-hearted people to create a new kind of healthcare company — one that combines compassion, health insurance, clinical care, and technology seamlessly.

We want to throw the long ball with people we love for a cause we believe in. Life is short. Join us.


A bit about this role:

We are looking for a data scientist who can serve as a liaison to our Operational teams to answer important and timely questions about the health of the business. We are looking for someone who has broad experience in Medicare Advantage analytics functions — e.g. Finance, Risk Adjustment, Stars, Pharmacy — and deep experience in at least one area. This role will report into our Data Science team, and will work alongside Product Managers, Software Engineers, and Business Leads to solve key challenges for the company.
Responsibilities will include:
Working closely with key business stakeholders to understand the analytical needs of the business and providing insight in a rapid, iterative, and collaborative process
Developing thoughtful reports and dashboards that help Operations teams improve their business decision-making
Identifying patterns in the analyses you conduct, and using those patterns to improve our tools and processes so we can deliver results more quickly and accurately
Sharing your domain knowledge with technical team-members who do not have an MA background
Communicating results to an audience of mixed technical backgrounds
Desired skills and experience:
Ability to work in a fast-paced startup environment
2+ years of technical work at a Medicare Advantage plan or service provider
Experience collaborating effectively with stakeholders
Experience with SQL
Experience with dashboarding and creating reports
Bonus: In-depth experience with Risk Adjustment
If you love running towards complex challenges and transforming them into solutions, if you want to make a potentially huge impact on many lives, and if you are looking for a disruptive startup with an inspiring and talented team, Devoted Health may be the place for you!

Devoted is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a safe and supportive work environment in which all employees have the opportunity to participate and contribute to the success of the business. We value diversity and collaboration. Individuals are respected for their skills, experience, and unique perspectives. This commitment is embodied in Devoted’s Code of Conduct, our company values and the way we do business.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, the Company does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy status, marital status, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression, or any other factor prohibited by law. Our management team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment.",4.3,"Devoted Health
4.3",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
4,Medical Technologist (MT) / Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLT),$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sampson Regional Medical Center is hiring a Medical Technologist to join the Laboratory team!

Description:
This is a full-time position. The selected candidate will perform various waived, moderately and highly complex hematologic, chemical, immunohematologic, immunologic/serologic, microscopic, and microbiological tests on specimens to obtain data for use in diagnosis or treatment of diseases. Additional responsibilities include obtaining specimens by capillary, arterial, and venous punctures; perform equipment maintenance, calibration, and troubleshooting; process histology specimens with additional training; participate in the quality assessment and improvement programs; provide guidance to technicians, assistants, phlebotomists and students; and provide services to patients of all age categories.

Requirements:

National certification as an MT/MLS by an approved agency is preferred
Individual must meet the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA) regulations for moderate and high complexity testing and must possess one of the following:
A bachelor's or associate's degree in medical technology or an appropriate biological, chemical, medical, or physical science from an accredited institution. This includes twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory training.
A satisfactory passing grade in a proficiency examination approved by HHS (HEW) and at least twelve (12) months of clinical laboratory experience.

Your Health, Our Passion!

IND123",2.2,"Sampson Regional Medical Center
2.2","Clinton, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1949,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
5,Digital Pathology Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Digital Pathology Scientist *
Description*
Mosaic Laboratories is looking for a full-time Digital Pathology Scientist. Mosaic Laboratories is a leading provider of pre-clinical and clinical trial laboratory services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. This position will have significant interaction with Mosaic’s senior leadership and plays a key role driving financial reporting.
Job Responsibilities*
· Expertise in IHC, ISH, and digital pathology

· Design image analysis algorithms using Indica HALO or Aperio ImageScope

· Design image analysis algorithms using Akoya InForm to analyze multispectral images

· Design image analysis algorithms using Visiopharm or other commercial platforms

· Evaluate on-line image management systems and other software to support image analysis and hosting

· Work with pathologists to support them on image analysis projects

· Supervise a team of scanning assistants

· Run algorithms and export data and perform calculations in Excel

· Manually count positive and negative cells to validate image analysis algorithms

· Lead on-line presentations and calls to discuss image analysis algorithms with clients

· Keep detailed records of image analysis algorithm development and details about algorithms

· Contribute to SOPs, validation plans and study reports
Qualifications*
· MS or PhD in a related science

· 5+ years of experience in laboratory histology, IHC, and image analysis techniques

· Expertise in IHC and ISH with the ability to identify cancer, immune cells and normal cell types

· A strong working knowledge of immunophenotyping and other diagnostic biomarkers

· Expertise in designing image analysis algorithms using Indica HALO and Akoya InForm

· Experience with Visiopharm or other commercial platforms is beneficial, but not required

· Prior experience working with immuno-oncology

· Prior supervisor experience preferred

· A solid working knowledge of clinical pathology laboratory workflow

· Demonstrated experience in complex problem solving

· Organized, professional, detail oriented, and accurate documentation skills

· Ability to communicate through writing and oral presentation

This is a full-time, Monday-Friday, on-site, daytime position. The position requires that work be completed in our facility in Lake Forest, CA.

Mosaic Laboratories is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not and will not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $30.00 - $37.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
COVID-19 policies are posted on our website.

Experience:
Akoya Inform Image Analysis: 2 years (Required)
IHC, ISH, and digital pathology: 5 years (Preferred)
Indica Halo or Visiopharm Image Analysis: 4 years (Preferred)
Presentation: 1 year (Preferred)
Supervisor: 2 years (Required)
Immuno-oncology or immunology: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Location:
Lake Forest, CA 92630 (Required)
Language:
English (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.5,"Mosaic Laboratories
3.5","Lake Forest, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
6,"Sr. Scientist, T Cell Immunologist",$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr. Scientist, T Cell Immunologist*
Mozart Therapeutics is an early-stage biopharmaceutical company located in Seattle, WA, focused on developing novel immune engagers that specifically target a subset of T lymphocytes to delay the onset and ameliorate targeted autoimmune diseases. The company is seeking a highly motivated and experienced individual who can work in a dynamic start-up environment to provide scientific leadership to a small pre-clinical immunotherapy research team for the discovery and development of therapeutic candidates in inflammatory and autoimmune disease.
Responsibilities: *
· Design, direct and perform pre-clinical studies to develop and advance novel therapeutic molecules for the treatment of patients with Celiac disease and other autoimmune diseases

· Perform data processing and analysis, integrate, interpret, and present data, make conclusions and propose next steps to advance project. Manage the routine reports and data analysis developed and maintained by other team members

· Work in coordination with team members to design and execute experimental protocols. Ensure that scientific rigor is applied to all studies: including controls, assays and techniques, reproducibility. Present experiments and data at research group meetings

· Perform other duties related to specific laboratory needs including: perform basic cell culture culture cells using sterile techniques; help maintain TC supplies, reagent qualification, testing, aliquotting as needed

· Provide project leadership & management of the implementation of the Research plan to include direct internal team and CROs on the execution of specific projects

· Will interpret data in a way that supports the identification of novel targets and approaches for next generation therapeutic molecules.

· Day to day operations will require independent judgment in the evaluation, selection, and adaptation/modification of standard techniques, procedures and criteria.
Qualifications: *
The successful Sr. Scientist candidate will have:

· PhD and minimum of 8 years relevant industry or academic research environment and a minimum 3 years of previous experience with discovery, validation and development of immune modulatory biologics;

· Expertise in human and mouse T cell immunology, signaling pathways, and molecular mechanisms of T cell functions

· Working knowledge of inflammatory & autoimmune disease, expertise in celiac disease preferred

· Working knowledge in target identification and validation

· Working expertise in in vitro assay development, complex flow analyses, execution and trouble shooting

· Experience in in vivo animals models a must, experience working with CROs preferred

· Strong analytical, troubleshooting, and decision-making skills

· Experience working in highly collaborative research environment

· Excellent critical thinking and scientific acumen, with a demonstrated ability to analyze, interpret, and clearly communicate (orally and in writing) complex data and their impact to program and research strategy

· A strong team player with a passion for science and helping discover and develop novel therapies for unmet medical needs

Mozart Therapeutics is an innovative, fast paced, collaborative culture looking to hire individuals who are seeking to make a significant contribution to advancing and developing novel immune engagers that target a subset of T lymphocytes to improve clinical outcomes in patients with autoimmune diseases. We are a _privately held biopharmaceutical company founded in 2020. We offer our employees competitive compensation and benefits, including paid time off, health insurance, life insurance and stock options._ We are an equal opportunity employer.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Experience:
Research Experience: 8 years (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Mozart Therapeutics,"Seattle, WA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
7,"Associate Scientist, Virology (PhD Required)",$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"The associate scientist in virology will be involved in conducting infectious diseases research programs directed at developing novel broad-based host-targeted anti-viral and immunomodulatory therapeutics against influenza and other viral infections. The candidate will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications, and investigational new drug (IND) applications. The responsibilities of this position include developing and executing cell-based assays, _in vitro,_ _ex vivo_ and _in vivo_ to characterize biological mechanisms of action of novel immunotherapeutic product candidates for the treatment of infectious diseases. The associate scientist will have ample and documented experience in cell culture, virus generation and propagation, as well as molecular biology, immunology and biochemical techniques. We are looking for a highly motivated and collaborative individual with a passion for research who enjoys working in a fast-paced and highly dynamic working environment. The candidate will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of BTI's entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Key Responsibilities: *
· _Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at BTI. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research.

· _Data analysis: _ Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

· _Data communication and reporting: _ Provide detailed reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research. Demonstrate innovation and strong problem-solving skills.

· _General Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

· _Personnel Training_: Training of BTI personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

· _Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for BTI’s projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for infectious diseases.

· _Virology_: Perform mammalian cell culture and independently develop, run, analyze and troubleshoot in vitro assays, such as cell-based activity assays, virus generation and propagation, and high throughput screening assays. Use developed screening assays to validate the characterize novel therapeutic products.

· _Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other BTI team members in experiments.

· _Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

· _Record keeping_: Timely documentation of experiments and activities in electronic archive systems. Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the BTI’s Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the BTI research progress to the CSO, and BTI team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

· Maintain the confidentiality of all company deliberations and plans.

· Any new responsibilities or changes in the reporting structure as directed by the executive leadership.

· Act in accordance with Company’s policies.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $48,590.00 - $69,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Company's website:
www.biotherapeuticsinc.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"BioTherapeutics, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
8,Data Engineer (Active TS SCI with Polygraph),$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Volume Integration, LLC partners with our customers to deliver leading edge ""Big Data"" analytics solutions.

By leveraging our teams' extensive experience in cloud capabilities and emerging technologies, we design and deploy custom solutions to unique and evolving challenges. Volume employees and their families are our number one priority, while also ensuring our customer's mission and success remain the primary focus and objective.

If you are a motivated individual willing to tackle challenging, and interesting problems in cyber security, big data, and machine learning, come be a part of our dynamic team!

Job Description

Volume Integration is seeking a highly motivated, self-directed professional to fill the role of Data Engineer. This position will be based at the customer site in the Reston, VA area. The applicant will be supporting a team of data scientists, and will be working with unstructured and structured data. Main tasks include Data Triage, Data Modeling, Data Cleansing, Data Staging and ETL.

Required Skills:
8+ years of experience in multiple modern program languages and data stores supporting activities listed in the position description.
Must be willing to learn new technologies.
Education Requirements:
Bachelor's degree with a technical focus
Desired Skills:

Experience with Data Science technologies
Excellent communication skills
Clearance Requirement;
Active TS SCI with Polygraph Clearance
Location:
Reston, VA
Many Volume positions require an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. Volume Integration, LLC. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.",4.4,"Volume Integration, LLC
4.4","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
9,Research Scientist - Lactic Solutions,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"The *Research Scientist - Lactic Solutions *will be part of a technical team involved in genetic engineering of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) for the production of fuels. This position will report directly to the *Senior Director of Lactic Solutions R&D at Mascoma*. The key activities for this position include metabolic engineering, heterologous protein expression, classical genetics, directed evolution, and development of strain screens and selections for specific applications of LAB. Specific responsibilities include:

· Using advanced molecular biology techniques to engineer lactic acid bacteria (LAB), analyze associated genotypes and phenotypes, and provide documentation of the process and results

· Training less experienced microbiologists and research associates to perform various procedures, particularly as they become routine analyses for the Bacterial Solutions Team.

· Developing and validating new methodology to answer technical questions as they arise.

· Participating in multi-disciplinarily projects and interacting with molecular biologists, bioprocess scientists, process engineers and protein scientists, to deliver high quality, timely data to help solve complex problems.

· Independently overseeing the design, implementation, collection, analysis and reporting of experiments.

· Authoring and reviewing reports, invention disclosures and patents relevant to our products.

· Presenting results to scientific and business audiences

· Authoring and reviewing SOPs for lab procedures and instruments as needed.

· Providing backup to other members of the Lactic Solutions Team.

The candidate will perform these duties in support of company goals and priorities in conjunction with the project leader and other team members, and will assist in solving difficult problems with insight, creativity, and skill.
Minimum Qualifications: *
· Ph.D. or M.S./B.S. with 3+ years of experience in molecular biology, microbiology, genetics, or biochemistry; internal candidates should currently be at RA-III level or higher.

· Ability to oversee Research Associates to meet corporate goals.

· Candidate should have good troubleshooting and multi-tasking skills to deal with technical problems.

· Ability to work on multiple and simultaneous projects as part of a team in a fast-paced industrial R&D setting.

· Have demonstrable experience in providing high quality, timely data while being able to prioritize new requests.

· Good written and oral communication skills

· Demonstrated ability to meet timelines
Preferred in an ideal candidate: *
· Strong core competency in molecular biology, with hands-on experience in the area of bacteria or yeast research. He/she will have work experience with techniques such as metabolic engineering and heterologous protein expression.

· Familiar with the analysis of metabolic flux and microbial physiology.

· Experience with modeling and conducting ethanol fermentations.

· Familiarity with biochemistry, enzyme assays.

· Familiarity with experimental design and statistics.

Have varied educational or industry lab experiences, enabling the development of new approaches to difficult problems.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Relocation Assistance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
Mascoma has established several practices to protect our employees from COVID-19. These include installation of plexiglass shields around work desks, daily fever check, social distancing, mask use, and regular hand washing.

Education:
Doctorate (Preferred)
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Company's website:
Lallemand.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/lallemandinc
Work Remotely:
No",3.4,"Lallemand
3.4","Lebanon, NH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1895,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
10,Electromagnetics Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Riverside Research has an immediate opening in the Beavercreek, Ohio area for an Electromagnetics Scientist. The candidate will perform modeling analysis of EM interactions with various materials in defined configurations.

All Riverside Research opportunities require U.S. citizenship.

IND2

Job Responsibilities:
• Provide analysis of Effects for models
• Provide support for field testing materials and sensors under high power RF and laser illumination
• Perform and coordinate analysis with project sponsor
• Perform modeling and simulation for RF/EM characterization and design
Job requires 40 - 80 days of travel to include weekends and international travel
• Other duties as assigned

Qualifications:
• Masters degree in related science or engineering field or equivalent experience. PHD preferred.
• Must currently have a Secret level security clearance. Preference will be given to those holding an active TS with SCI eligibility
• 5 years of experience with High Power Microwave (HPM)/Electromagnetic Pulse (EMP) measurements and related data interpretation
• Experience in EM/RF modeling and simulation
• Experience in signal analysis and composites; hands on work with aircraft and/or missile components
• Experience with MATLAB, Microwave Studio, and/or Python. Security + certification desired
• Ability to work as both an individual as well as a member of a team
• Exceptional communication skills, both oral and written
• Other duties as assigned

Resumes must demonstrate specialized experience that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled and also demonstrate particular knowledge, skills, and abilities, to successfully perform the duties of the position.

Desired Qualifications:
• Preference will be given to those holding an active TS with SCI eligibility
• Security + certification desired

Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.",3.4,"Riverside Research
3.4","Wright Patterson AFB, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
11,Medical Lab Scientist / MLT (ASCP Certified) - Molecular/Micro,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:

ASCP or AMT Certification is required for this role. MLS and MLT will be considered.

We have openings available on Evening and Night shift.

Cleveland Clinic is offering a $2,500 sign on bonus (external new hires).

Diploma and transcripts must be provided prior to interviewing. Education will be verified. Education outside of the USA requires diploma & transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from a reputable agency.

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.

OR

Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc).

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).

Competencies (Complexity of Work):

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None Required

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows standard precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

#LI-EM1

Keywords: Medical Technologist, MLT, MLS, MT, ASCP, AMT, laboratory, lab, testing, pathology

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Cleveland, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
12,Data Scientist BSLEF8,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
13,"Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development",$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Scientist, AAV Plasmid and Vector Platform Development
Location: Bedford, MA
Homology Medicines is seeking an outstanding Senior Scientist to assist in the advancement of viral gene therapy production processes for novel adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The individual in this role will be a highly-skilled, talented and motivated researcher who will lead the work to develop and characterize next generation plasmids for large scale manufacturing of AAV vectors. We seek candidates with proven ability to work independently and collaboratively who are driven to pursue cutting edge science and develop next generation therapies to transform the lives of patients.
Essential Functions and Duties
Design, development, and characterization of novel plasmids for AAV production using molecular and cell-based assays
Analyze vector specific characteristics including packaging efficiency and product quality, as impacted by packaging and inverted terminal repeat (ITR) plasmid and integrity
Advance technical understanding and development of critical parameters in mammalian cell culture production systems for AAV vectors
Collaborate closely with analytical characterization team to evaluate critical vector attributes and process performance parameters for AAV vector production
Lead a team of research associate and scientist completing assigned tasks and serve as scientific mentor to overseeing laboratory experimentation and data analysis
Author technical reports and technology transfer documents as needed
Skills and Experience
PhD or MS in molecular biology, virology, or related fields with 4+ (PhD) or 6+ (MS) years industry experience in viral vector production
Expertise in molecular cloning techniques preferably with AAV/ITR experience
Thorough understanding of virus characterization methods including nucleic acid and protein-based approaches
Familiarity with using lab-scale production platforms including adherent cell systems, shake flasks, and bioreactors for live virus or viral vector production
Adept at conducting routine testing and limited troubleshooting of multiple methods
Independently motivated, detail oriented, and good problem-solving ability
Excellent interpersonal written and oral communication skills
Interested candidates should forward a cover letter and Resume / CV to careers@homologymedicines.com or on line: www.homologymedicines.com
Homology Medicines, Inc. (HMI) has built foundational intellectual property on gene editing and gene therapy vectors derived from naturally occurring human adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). The Company's technology is precise, on-target and highly efficient for in vivo editing of genetic mutations. This transformative platform technology, combined with an elite leadership team of biopharmaceutical industry veterans, create a significant opportunity for HMI to rapidly advance a diverse pipeline of new medicines that address and potentially cure the underlying cause of genetic diseases.",4.4,"Homology Medicines
4.4","New Bedford, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
14,Research Scientist - Plant Transformation,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Living Carbon is a pre-launch public benefit corporation with a mission to fight climate change by enhancing CO2 capture and storage in trees. We believe that gigaton scale CO2 drawdown will only happen if solutions are both environmentally beneficial and profitable to landowners. We’re working with some of the largest timber companies in the US and well-known reforestation projects to develop a proof of concept. We’re backed by some of the most prominent investors in Silicon Valley including, YCombinator, Sam Altman, and Chris Sacca of LowerCarbon Capital.

If you believe that climate change is the defining global emergency of the century and want to join an ambitious project that’s working on a biological solution, we’d love to hear from you.
Your role: *
We’re looking for someone who’s excited to be part of a mission-driven early stage company. As our Plant Transformation Research Scientist, you’ll play an essential role in developing innovative tree tissue culture and transformation methodologies. A successful candidate will have experience with agriculture biotechnology with focuses on plant tissue culture and transformation technologies. You’ll also have the opportunity to contribute to the company’s strategic goals and think creatively about how to move quickly and solve problems.
Responsibilities: *
Design and carry out plant tissue culture and transformation projects
Conduct literature survey, implement/develop advanced tree transformation protocols
Establish standard work flows and author assay protocols, SOPs, work instructions and other documents as needed
Collaborate closely with other biologists while also independently performing all duties in the laboratory required for individual project
Keep a detailed record of experimental data. Summarize project progress in written reports and present during team meetings.
May train and oversee the work of lab technicians, providing ongoing coaching, guidance and feedback to ensure technicians are successful in their work, as well as have the necessary and timely access to information and other resources.
Contribute to development of project plans and long-range goals of the team
Regular and clear communication of research progress and results to leadership.
Use creative and problem solving skills to overcome issues or problems that may arise when following a protocol.
Required Skills & Experience*
Previous experience with wood species and/or crop plant agrobacterium-mediated transformation, biolistics/particle bombardment plant transformation
Previous experience with syringe infiltration and/or vacuum infiltration transient transformation
Comfortable working independently in a fast paced environment
MS with typically 2+ years of relevant experience or Ph.D. in Plant Biology or related fields with 0-3 years of experience
Demonstrated ability to plan experiments, analyze data sets, interpret results, trouble-shoot experiments, prepare reports, and present results
Creative in the design, performance and interpretation of experiments with strong problem-solving skills using a hypothesis-based approach
Experience with sterile plant tissue culture; prepare tissue culture media; and controlled environment/greenhouse experience with a proven track record of success and hands-on experience in plant transformation
Are organized, detail-oriented, methodical, thorough and can handle multiple tasks at once
Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Previous work in a technology startup, biological science startup or other life sciences industry organization
Previous experience optimizing transformation protocols and and troubleshooting problems
Preferred experience with building out an efficient transformation pipeline for commercial events
Familiar with systems for data tracking such as LIMS
Living Carbon PBC offers competitive compensation, and generous healthcare, dental and vision insurance.

_Living Carbon PBC is an equal opportunity employer. _

_We believe the best solutions to climate change are created by diverse teams. Living Carbon is focused on building a multicultural and inclusive team with strong representation from the many diverse communities disproportionately impacted by climate change. As a public benefit corporation, ensuring solutions to slow climate change are widely distributed to all peoples is critical to the success of our mission. _

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.9,"Living Carbon
3.9","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Other Organization,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
15,"Data Scientist, Health Economics & Advanced Analytics",$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Avalere Health is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Health Economics & Advanced Analytics (HEAA) Practice. The HEAA practice works with life sciences companies and other healthcare sectors to quantify and communicate the real-world value of healthcare interventions and to align our clients’ business strategies with the evidentiary demands of an increasingly value-driven marketplace. We are driven by deep subject matter expertise, differentiated and proprietary real-world data assets, and an emphasis on sound business strategy coupled with rigorous research and advanced analytic capabilities. The data scientist will serve at the Research Scientist II level and lead and participate in the conceptualization, execution, and delivery of analyses in health economics, comparative effectiveness, performance measure development and testing, outcomes research, and epidemiology.

Responsibilities

Principal Duties and Responsibilities:


Lend deep statistical, epidemiological, and/or econometric expertise to the development of proposals, statements of work, and study protocols/statistical analysis plans
Perform descriptive and advanced statistical analyses using large patient and/or claims databases in support of data mining, predictive modeling, and health outcomes research projects
Develop and author study reports, scientific publications, conference abstracts, and posters
Independently manage workflow and make direct contributions to the research process
Collaborate with cross-functional project teams (project leads, project managers, programmers, research assistants, etc.) to support exceptional execution for clients
Support the growth and development of junior staff focused on related areas
Qualifications

Skills, Experience, and Other Job Related Requirements:


Minimum Requirements:
MA/MS or PhD in epidemiology, data science, health economics, health policy, pharmacy administration, public health, statistics, or related discipline
5+ years of consulting, healthcare, or pharmaceutical/device industry experience
Broad technical knowledge of computational science, including applied statistics, econometrics, predictive modeling, and/or AI/machine learning theory and methods
Proficiency designing and executing observational/outcomes research studies using large administrative medical and pharmacy claims, EMR, and other data derived from various public and private databases
5+ years of experience using statistical software packages such as SAS, R, Python, and/or STATA
3+ years of SQL programming experience
Knowledge of advanced analytics, AI/machine learning theory and methods, and/or econometrics
Experience presenting research results at scientific conferences and/or a record of peer-reviewed publications
Additional Skills and Competencies:
Consulting background preferred
Excellent writing, project management, communication, and presentation skills
Ability to independently manage multiple work streams with limited supervision
Demonstrated problem solving, analytical reasoning, and decision-making skills and strong commitment to meeting goals and deadlines
Excellent teamwork skills and ability to work in a fast-paced, multi-disciplinary environment
Self-motivated with a positive, flexible attitude",3.2,"Avalere Health
3.2","Washington, DC",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
16,Process Development Scientist 29981- Validation & Investigation,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Education: *
*Doctorate degree or Master’s degree and 3 years of directly related experience or Bachelor’s degree and 5 years of directly related experience or Associate’s degree and 10 years of directly related experience.*
Preferred Qualifications: *
*This position is to work in the PD Drug Product Formulation Team.*
*Previous experience in product process characterization/validation, investigations and tech transfer activities are required.*
*Previous experience in process development or technical services.*
*Previous knowledge in PI vision and statistical tools for data analysis.*
*Candidate must be fluent in English (written and spoken).*
*Available to work on non-standard shift including third shift and over the weekend when required.*
*Strong technical written skills.*
Description: *
To conceive, design, implement and execute specific scientific experiments, which contribute to the successful completion of goals and/or projects under general guidance of supervisor. Under general guidance of supervisor,
Conceives and designs, executes or evaluates, and interprets experimental strategies. Provides input to new processes to generate robust and reliable data.
Ensures that studies are conducted in compliance with the respective protocol and applicable guidelines and regulations.
Designs, monitors or conducts experimental strategies with general guidance from supervisor. Provides data analysis and interpretation, and assesses impact of the data on the project.
Keeps current in field of scientific expertise and areas relevant to their function. Monitors field of expertise, including literature and technology development, and communicates relevant observations. May introduce advanced scientific methods.
Develops and implements new and novel protocols to address specific issues. May represent the department on project teams under supervision of a senior scientific staff member.
May initiate productive collaborations within and outside of the department or company. Advises or assists others in experimental design and/or interpretation/diagnosis of data and implementing innovative remedies.
Independently authors scientific reports, summary documents, complex regulatory documents, invention disclosure submissions and/or patents. Participates in external scientific community.
May assume lead role in department-wide support efforts such as safety, recruiting and committees. May develop supervisory and mentoring skills. Develops and follows timelines for completing project team work.
Skills: *
Advanced scientific analysis and troubleshooting skills.
Advanced laboratory work skills.
Ability to motivate and/or supervise the activities of others.
Must be well organized, have multi-task project experience, and be able to communicate and work well with other departments.
Must have demonstrated skills and competencies in the following areas: Verbal communication
Written communication including technical writing skills, negotiation and conflict resolution
Analytical problem solving Project management
Ability to be flexible and manage change. Computer literacy (Windows environment: Word, Excel, Power Point).
Skills requiring the application of scientific theory. Creative skills in the design and performance of scientific experiments and interpretation of results. Strong knowledge of cGMP’s. Fully bilingual (English/Spanish).
Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $0.00 per hour",3.7,"CIS International LLC
3.7","Juncos, PR",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
17,Preclinical research scientist - Autoimmunity (PhD required),$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"The preclinical research scientist (RS) – Autoimmunity will be involved in conducting research programs directed at identifying new therapeutic targets and developing new product candidates hitting these targets for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. The RS will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications and investigational new drug (IND) applications. We seek a highly motivated and innovative RS with experience in immunology, cell and molecular biology, and immunometabolism to work with our team on cell-based assays and animal models to drive drug discovery in autoimmune diseases. The successful candidate will work in a team setting and be responsible for cell culture, assay execution support and implementing a broad set of biomarker discovery, PK/PD, animal modeling techniques, and translational studies in primary specimens from autoimmune disease patients plus IND-enabling and clinical studies. The RS will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of Landos' entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Responsibilities: *
_Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at Landos. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research. Conduct research studies from in vitro to animal models of autoimmune disease to translational and clinical trials.

_Data analysis: _ Leverage the LANCE drug development platform to help identify new therapeutic targets and develop new drugs. Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, proteomics, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

_Data communication and reporting: _ Develop lab protocols. Provide detailed study reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research.

_Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

_Personnel Training_: Training of Landos personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

_Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for Landos projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for autoimmune diseases.

_Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other Landos team members in experiments.

_Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

_Record keeping_: Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in ASANA, Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the Landos Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the Landos research progress to the Scientific Director, and Landos team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

_Product Development_: Support for product development ranging from development, interfacing with CROs, CMOs, and other vendors for IND-enabling and clinical studies. He will help support sales and marketing activities following NDA approval in the commercialization phase.

Maintain the confidentiality of all the company deliberations and plans.

Any other tasks requested by the President and CEO.

Act in accordance with Landos’ policies.
Important skills: *
A+ attitude, great work ethic, and attention to detail
Previous drug development experience.
Capacity to foster a fast-paced, yet supportive, working environment
Organized with ability to multi-task
Laboratory assays: real-time PCR, Western blot, and ELISA
SOP development, record keeping skills
Knowledge of mucosal immunity and inflammatory processes in autoimmune diseases.
Multi-parameter flow cytometry staining and analysis
Analytical software: PRISM, FACS Diva, FlowJo, Excel, SAS, IPA
Demonstrated experience analyzing, interpreting and presenting experimental data and developing reports, peer-reviewed publications, grants, patents.
IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocol writing experience.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $92,074.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.landosbiopharma.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"Landos Biopharma, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
18,Data Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Position at Homes.com

Homes.com is looking for a Data Scientist in Norfolk, VA to join our team of IT professionals. You'll be working with our Business Intelligence Team to support and grow our premier real estate portal. You'll participate in technical research, developing models, data analysis, machine learning and be expected to bring your own ideas to the table to help keep us innovating.

Responsibilities:
Forecast site traffic for use in inventory calculations
Analyze and report on trends such as home valuations
Develop suggestion models
Help develop image classification models
Requirements:
BS or MS in computer science, data science, mathematics or other related field
2+ Years working as a Data Scientist
1+ Years Experience working with Time Series modeling
Experience working with Jupyter Notebooks
Experience working in R and Python
Experience providing Statistical Analysis
Nice to Haves:
Experience working in a cloud environment
Experience working with a relational database

About Homes.com

Homes.com offers today's demanding home buyers, renters and those somewhere in between a simply smarter home search. With features like Homes.com Match, HomeShare and Snap & Search, homeshoppers now have a more personalized way to search for their next home. Since its launch over 25 years ago, Homes.com offers real estate professionals brand and property advertising, search engine marketing and instant response lead generation to help them succeed online. For more information, visit Homes.com.

About DE

Dominion Enterprises (DE) is a leading digital marketing and software services company offering client solutions across multiple business verticals. Our customers rely on our B2B cloud SaaS solutions to establish their online and mobile brands, generate leads, and manage customer relationships through our Homes.com, Dominion Dealer Solutions, Dominion Business Solutions / DX1, Travel Media and Franchise and Business Opportunity divisions. Our B2C web and mobile applications include Homes.com, HotelCoupons.com, FranchiseOpportunities.com, FranchiseGator.com, Franchise.com, and BusinessBroker.net.
About 2,000 employees reside and work in our Norfolk, VA home office and in offices across the U.S. Our employees will tell you about our collaborative, innovative, team-oriented work environment, excellent career enrichment opportunities, community service opportunities, competitive earnings, and a comprehensive benefits package that includes a generous 401(k). DE is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse workforce. DE is a drug-testing employer.",4.1,"Homes.com
4.1","Norfolk, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1998,Company - Private,Real Estate,Real Estate,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
19,Clinical Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description*
We are looking for a highly motivated candidate to spearhead our method development team. Candidate will support a wide variety of molecular biology, biochemical, and extraction techniques to support projects focused on our Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) assays. At Availiant Health, you will work in a dynamic and fast-paced environment to develop robust, scalable assays, where you will design and execute experiments with the overall goal of providing results that will be used for assay development for use in a high throughput clinical laboratory.

The candidate should have a deep knowledge of emerging trends in DNA sequencing and ideally the candidate would have some knowledge or experience in clinical molecular diagnostic platform development, to include familiarity with next generation sequencing and assay design.
Responsibilities: *
Provide technical leadership in the transfer of new processes and products from R&D to clinical production.
Design workflow, procedures, and experiments in consultation with supervisor.
Help to establish best practices for assay development in compliance with clinical lab quality regulations.
Familiarity with NGS data analysis pipelines and platforms.
Performs a variety of routine and non-routine laboratory research experiments including library preparations for next generation sequencing
Perform analyses of experiments, processes, identify gaps and deficiencies.
Responsible for analysis of next generation sequencing data and interpretation of results.
Identify clinical genetic variants and associated risks, contribute to reviews of genetic traits or clinically relevant diseases.
Educational Requirements: *
ASCP Certification in Molecular Biology or eligibility to take ASCP preferred
Masters or Ph.D. in Biological sciences or a related field with 1-3 years’ experience.
Additional Qualifications include: *
Experience with constructing libraries from nucleic acids (DNA or RNA) and next generation sequencing using Illumina instrument
Identify genetic markers and corresponding phenotypes for reporting.
Develop criteria for marker selection and develop risk algorithms.
Conduct quality control of algorithms for new and updated panels.
Able to identify and evaluate commercial technologies to determine their appropriateness and usefulness in technology innovation/development
Benefits: *Medical, Dental, Vision, STD, Life, Paid Time off, Holiday, Parking Reimbursement
RELOCATION* Payment available
_Equal Employment Opportunity has been and will continue to be a fundamental principle at our Company, where employment is based upon personal capabilities and qualifications without discrimination because of race, color, ancestry, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, gender identity, results of genetic testing, service in the military or any other protected characteristic as established by law. Equal employment opportunity applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leave of absence, compensation, and training._

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Relocation Assistance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Holidays
Monday to Friday
On Call
Weekends
License:
LSBME (Required)
• ASCP Certification in Molecular Biology or eligibility to (Required)
• Ph.D. or Masters in Life/Chemical/Physical/Engineering Sci (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Availiant Healthcare Strategies,"New Orleans, LA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
20,Sr. DATA SCIENTIST,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Title: Sr. Data Scientist

Company: Samsung Research America (SRA)

Lab: Visual Display Intelligence Lab

Location: Mountain View, CA

Lab Summary:

At Visual Display Intelligence lab, Samsung Research America, we operate as a start-up while leveraging the broader assets of a larger global enterprise. We do advance research and development to immensely benefit our core business verticals in the space of Ads and Marketing. Our team primarily focuses on processing huge data sets, build robust and scalable big data pipelines, conduct advanced research in implementing state-of-the-art ML and AI techniques, build data services that are both real-time and batch based. All those combined provide the best-in-class experience to our customers across consumer electronics and internet of things. Many of our engineers take pride in publications, filing A-grade patents and build robust products and services.

Position Summary:

As a Staff Software Engineer you will primarily focus on building unified Audience platform by working directly with Product Managers, Lab leaders, researchers, Big data/AI/ML engineers, brainstorm different ideas and also build POCs and propose projects that cater to the broader business needs. If there is evinced interest to invest on those projects, you could lead them to fruition. You will help design data pipelines, maintain large scale distributed systems, help manage the modern data warehousing infrastructure, analyze key metrics for decision makers to provide visual insights that will change the company direction and benefit consumers. The ideal candidate will be someone who comes from a strong analytical background that has demonstrated experience in the following areas:

Responsibilities:
Build and maintain large scale distributed systems to support the whole pipeline from data collection and training to deployment and real-time serving
Write efficient implementations of ML algorithms over CPUs & GPUs
Integrate our in-house systems with open source technologies like Kubernetes and Tensorflow
Build abstractions to automate various steps in different ML workflows
Build tools to debug, visualize and inspect various features and models
Work with the engineers who use the platform, and help them be more impactful by improving the platform
Minimum Qualifications:
Strong knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals including object-oriented design, data structures, operating system, computer networks.
(5+ years) Software development experience, ideally in Python, Scala or Java
(5+ years) Experience with MySQL, Postgres, Cassandra, Redis, Redshift, OracleDB or MongoDB
(3+ years) Microservice-oriented architectures and related OSS technologies (e.g. Kubernetes, Kafka, Celery/RabbitMQ, nginx, Redis, Airflow, etc)
(3+ years) Experience working in distributed and streaming environment, preferably using Spark, Kafka, Flink etc
(3+ years) Experience with AWS in an enterprise environment
(3+ years) CI/CD and test automation frameworks (Cypress.io, Jenkins, Appium, UIAutomation, Bazel, etc)
Preferred Qualifications:
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field
Strong communication and inter-personal skills
Experience with leading large-scale multi-engineer projects
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.",3.7,"Samsung Research America
3.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1988,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
21,Application Scientist -- Formulas,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Role Summary:

As an Application Scientist, you will be responsible for developing and validating new product testing procedures and processes for the Cleaning Formulas Division, refining or modifying existing testing and understanding and establishing industry standards to support new formula development and performance. This team member will also provide technical support to increase the sales of the existing and new product lines through delivering current and compelling technical information to increase the relevancy of these products in the market place.

Essential Responsibilities:
Serve as an application expert working collaboratively to drive the product line development strategy, based on market needs and technical capabilities
Planning and generation of applications data and protocols to support current products and new product development including analysis of competitive products
Design and execute experiments aimed at developing applications for specific end user needs
Coordinate chemical and physical property studies at external labs to generate data needed for global products and registrations
Engage in continuous learning and skill development, including both scientific and laboratory technology education
Serves as a resource and develop technical information for product development on product concepts, labeling claims and other work streams that will ensure a successful launch of the product
Prepare technical reports and other promotional materials to highlight the benefits of cleaning formulas and functional chemicals
Interface with other departments such as Engineering, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Sales, Marketing and Sourcing
Communicate effectively within a multi-functional team and build strong partnerships both internally and externally
Guide and mentor junior team member's activities as assigned
Qualifications/Requirements:
2-5 years' of professional experience (or advanced degree)
Preferred area of study: Chemistry
Related industry experience preferably in Formulations / Cleaning Industry
Experience with product development from bench to commercialization
Exceptional in independent analytical assessment, problem solving and decision making
Experience with procedures, concepts and principles within product development, formulations, cleaning chemistry, and design of experiments
Good business judgment and ability to align scientific goals with business objectives
Must be adaptable with ability and willingness to independently manage multiple priorities and business demands that continuously shift in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Must be hands on with continuous drive for development, improvement and success, in both the product category and personal growth
Strong interpersonal skills with relationship building acumen. Able to work effectively in a highly cross-functional team and with internal and external resources
Strong written and verbal communication skills including effective presentation skills, one-on-one communication, and report writing
Ability and willingness to travel domestically and internationally
Disclaimer

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this position. This document is subject to change at any time and is not intended to be exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required by employees with this position title. The physical requirements described on the supplemental Occupational Worksheet are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made upon request.

#LI-SM1

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled",3.3,"TTI Floor Care North America Inc.
3.3","Charlotte, NC",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
22,Scientist/Study Director,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scientist/Study Director
Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Mpls - Minneapolis, MN
Education Level
4 Year Degree
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Research
Description
Provides scientific support and leadership to clients and other scientific staff in the conduct of GLP and non-GLP research studies, including study design development, managing the execution of study conduct, collecting, analyzing and interpreting data, utilization of technology, and study report writing.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Biological Sciences or related discipline required.
At least two years experience in a study director role in a preclinical/animal laboratory environment.
Strong working knowledge of AAALAC, USDA and GLP regulations and preclinical testing facility operations and procedures.
Excellent technical writing and computer software skills.
Must be able to clearly speak, write, read, and understand English",2.6,"American Preclinical Services
2.6","Minneapolis, MN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
23,Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why Join Revenue Analytics?
Because you have exceptional talents and you want to be part of a fun and highly collaborative team that creates analytical products and solutions to eliminate the unknowns in business problems for world-renowned companies.

What's In It For You?
· Competitive base salary
· 100% paid healthcare including medical, dental, and vision coverage for our employees and their families
· 100% paid life insurance, long and short-term disability coverage for team members
· 401k plan with a generous match and is vested immediately
· Company issued cell phone or phone allowance
· 18 days PTO, 9 paid holidays, and unlimited sick time
· Gym membership reimbursement
· Flexible work arrangements
· Once again voted a Top Workplace in Atlanta in 2020!

Come help us execute the vision and roadmap for our product analytics and hey, while you’re at it…why not give our customers the confidence and trust that they’re making the best pricing decisions possible (all provided by your whip-smart data and analytics chops)?
A Day In the Life
You will develop and implement the predictive analytics models that form the backbone of our products, leveraging Revenue Analytics precedent and Atlas toolkits
Translate business needs and processes into modeling requirements
Do parameter tuning of forecast and/or optimization models to best fit a customer’s data
Deliver analysis and models results that meet key Quality Assurance standards (i.e., reasonability checks, error checks, etc.)
Communicate your analysis, models, and insights effectively in business language to customers and internal Team Members
Effectively explain to customers and prospects how the analytics in our products work and address customer questions about model recommendations
Complete analysis in a repeatable way that can be leveraged across multiple customers and situations
Keep up to speed with data science trends and news so that you can incorporate new methodologies and approaches as appropriate.
Who You Are
Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Operations Research, Economics, Engineering, or another applied mathematics discipline and at least one year of experience applying research to Revenue or Yield Management issues
In lieu of a master's or the foreign equivalent degree and one year of stated experience, we will accept a Ph.D. or foreign equivalent degree in one of the above specified fields
Must also have experience solving business problems using statistics, machine learning or optimization; and using Python, R, or SQL analytical tools
Who We Are
A pioneer of Revenue Management, Revenue Analytics is an enterprise SaaS company that partners with hospitality, media, and passenger rail companies to solve their most complex pricing challenges. By leveraging powerful analytics and deep strategic experience, Revenue Analytics’ next-generation software delivers intuitive answers to help companies perfect their pricing, reclaim missed revenue, and take back their time. To learn more about how Revenue Analytics is recreating Revenue Management, visit revenueanalytics.com or follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.

Revenue Analytics embraces diversity and is an equal opportunity. We are committed to building a Team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.",4.1,"Revenue Analytics
4.1","Atlanta, GA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
24,Manufacturing Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Biomerica Corporation focusing on the research, development and manufacturing of immunoassay test products is looking to identify and hire a Manufacturing Scientist to lead Contract manufacturing project and production and process improvement . As a key member of the Manufacturing Team, the Manufacturing Scientist will report to Director of Manufacturing and be responsible for, but not limited to the following
Carry out production tasks in support of manufacturing goals and objectives
Lead and carry out contract manufacturing project.
Purify recombinant proteins using column chromatography system.
Perform antibody biotinylation and HRP conjugation
Perform Lyophilization for biological compounds
Compound complex ELISA reagents and perform ELISA assay
Lead and conduct NCMR or CAPA investigation for manufacturing processes.
Write validation protocol and execute process and equipment validation
Maintain records and notebooks in a neat, thorough and accurate manner. Perform required data entry on company planning and materials management system.
Initiate or update manufacturing document and procedures as needed.
Operate moderately complex laboratory equipment and perform routine equipment calibrations and maintenance.
Follow all safety guidelines, manufacturing policies and procedures. Operate under strict QSR and ISO compliance.
Provide guidance and training to Production Associate.
Other duties as assigned, according to the changing needs of the business
Job Requirements: *
BS or MS degree in Chemistry or Biochemistry with minimum 5 years work experience, or Ph.D degree with minimum 2 years experience in related field, basic computer skills (Word, Excel).
A self-motivated individual with prior in experience and hands on skills in the following areas: protein purification; antibody conjugate; lyophilization and ELISA assay
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 2 years (Preferred)",2.5,"Biomerica
2.5","Irvine, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
25,Clinical Laboratory Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Now Hiring – Clinical Lab Specialist *
DC3 Therapeutics is a Contract Research Organization based in South San Francisco. We offer a full set of services necessary for drug development. We can support Pre-Clinical and IND Enabling studies. Our team has extensive experience in drug development and the pharmaceutical industry. We are looking to add a Clinical Laboratory Specialist to our team.
Responsibilities: *
• Receives, inspects, accessions and records clinical samples, materials, and equipment
• Handles, processes, evaluates, and reports laboratory testing on clinical laboratory samples used to aide physicians in the diagnosis and treatment of patients
• Maintains laboratory equipment logs as current, communicates and appropriately document equipment issues, coordinate equipment service and repair, and perform or coordinate needed equipment maintenance procedures

• Evaluates results of Quality Control materials prior to the release of patient samples, and to correlate the data for review

• Under the supervision and guidance of the General Supervisor, troubleshoots assays and equipment for which QC materials fail to perform adequately

• Maintains laboratory supplies inventory by checking; anticipating needed supplies; placing and expediting orders for supplies; verifying receipt of supplies

• Participates in activities required to support all necessary licensure for the clinical laboratory, including quality management functions; performing proficiency surveys; reviewing quality control and quality assurance programs; communicating adjustments in policy and procedures; generating reports; maintaining records; and on-site inspections of the laboratory

• Responsible for maintaining updated understanding and knowledge of the methods employed in the laboratory through continuing education activities

• Use of the laboratory’s information systems to process and release patient sample reports.
• Trains other CLS personnel and other staff on new assays, instrumentation and methodologies, as needed
• Required to supervise the activities of non-licensed personnel, as needed.
• Collaborate with lab staff and other supporting departments on optimization of laboratory processes for increased efficiency and effectiveness
Background and Experience: *
• BS in medical technology or biological sciences with a curriculum meeting national testing personnel standards

• California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license in a category appropriate for the specialty of
Chemistry, or a generalist license

• Flexible work schedule may be required, including some weekends and holidays
• Excellent communication, team player, organizational and time management skills are essential

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $31.00 - $37.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Clinical Laboratory: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
South San Francisco, CA 94080 (Required)
Contract Renewal:
Possible
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
https://www.dc3therapeutics.com/",-1,DC3 Therapeutics,"South San Francisco, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
26,Medical Laboratory Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview
Conducts wide variety of laboratory tests for diagnosis of disease and wellness.

Qualifications
Education and/or Other Requirements
One of the following active certifications is required:

American Society for Clinical Pathology (ASCP) Board Certification as a Medical Laboratory Scientist (MLS) or Medical Technologist (MT);
American Medical Technologists (AMT) Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT);
Meet grandfather requirements under (Clinical Laboratory Improvements Amendments) CLIA '88.
New graduates will have 6 months to obtain certification.
Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.
Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.
Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology.
The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer).
The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Ability to watch gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine is working properly.
Environmental Factors
Frequent to continuous exposure to unpleasant/irritating substances. Exposure to hazardous and/or potentially injurious elements or conditions is considerable.
Physical Demands
The physical demands described are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

Must be able to work any shift and/or weekend.
The employee will frequently be required to lift, push or pull weight of at least 5 to 60 lbs.
Ability to attend to visual details.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to walk, stand, bend, and reach (70 to 100%).
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to move through and between nursing units to perform phlebotomy and Blood Bank duties.
Ability to communicate orally and in writing.
Ability to receive and comprehend written and oral communications.
Mental Demands

Absolute integrity in the accurate performance and reporting of results.
Exercise discretion, good independent judgment, and reasoning ability.
Ability to work under stress caused by turn-around times.
Analyze information or data.
Plan sequence of operations or actions.
Make decisions of moderate to substantial
Note
Reasonable accommodations may be made to assist an otherwise qualified individual in the performance of the job. In order to meet the needs of the Company employees may be assigned other duties, in addition to or in lieu of those described above.

Responsibilities

Conducts tests according to standards. Maintains up-to-date knowledge of laboratory procedures in assigned areas, which may include:
Chemistry
Microbiology/Serology/Molecular lab
Blood Bank
Hematology
Prepares samples for analysis; performs prescribed procedures; reports accurate test results.
Organizes and prioritizes workload; meets turn-around time.
After orientation, operates, calibrates, conducts performance checks, and maintains clinical laboratory instruments and equipment.
Conducts established quality control procedures on analytical tests, equipment, reagent, media and products; evaluates results; implements corrective action when indicated.
Communicates and interacts with fellow employees; refers problems to appropriate personnel; keeps supervisor informed of unusual data or results.
Participates in continuing education as required.
Ability to troubleshoot instrumentation and make minor repairs.
Ability to monitor quality control and patient results to identify trends, shifts and changes that my affect patient results.
Performs other duties as assigned or volunteers.",3.5,"Memorial Health
3.5","Decatur, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1897,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
27,Geospatial Data Engineer (TS/SCI-Full Scope Polygraph),$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Clearance: Current TS/SCI ISSA (Full-Scope Polygraph) required*
Description: Provide data flows and transformations to automate, script, visualize, and modeling subnational wealth. Day to day technical tasks include meeting with the customer to understand and refine the requirements. The data engineer will use Nifi and Python to create data flows and transformations and understand the workflow of the project. They will work with the customer to implement any requested updates, move data storage to RDS, and work with security to ensure the entire system is compliant. They will compile security controls and artifacts and contribute to the Standard Operating Procedures and other related documents.

Other Technical Skills:
Experience scripting in Python and using NiFi
Some knowledge of geospatial software such as ArcGIS, QGIS (or willingness and ability to learn)
Experience with SQL, PostGreSQL/PostGIS
Knowledge of best practices for data standards, data management, data quality
Core Competencies:
Conceptual, quantitative, organizational, research, writing, verbal communication, and graphical representation skills.
Sound judgment and creative problem solving and independent working skills.
Sound interpersonal and teamwork skills to work with individuals and organizations, to include varying levels and types (Government, industry, and academia).
Facilitation skills to bring diverse groups together on issues and reach consensus across stakeholders.
The ability to perform complex analyses and to communicate its results using accurate, concise, and effective writing and through descriptive and graphical representations.
Technical understanding of the systems supporting aspects of the functional areas.
Knowledge of standard tools [e.g., the Agency Data Services Network (ADSN), iCE workstations, Microsoft Office, the Agency Internet Network (AIN), and the Microsoft Office software applications], as appropriate; and a demonstrated ability to learn to use and support other tools that may be added or developed as the program evolves.
Flexibility in assisting with ad hoc tasks and in adjusting as tasks are re-prioritized.
Travel: Minimal CONUS travel may be required.

Company Information: New Light Technologies (NLT) provides comprehensive Information Technology, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) and Remote Sensing technology consulting and staffing solutions for government, commercial, and non-profit organizations. NLT employs a cadre of experienced project managers, infrastructure experts, system architects, data scientists, web developers, geospatial experts and software engineers who work across a broad range of COTS, Open Source, and custom technologies to devise the best solutions. NLT specializes in DevOps enterprise-scale Systems Design, Integration, Development, and Management, and offers exceptional capabilities in Infrastructure Modernization, Cloud Migration & Management, Virtualization, Microservices, & Containerized Computing, and the development of High-Performance Mobile Computing solutions.

NLT has a diverse customer base and is looking to bring on team members to work on-site, virtually, and embedded with our customers to help them reach, meet, and exceed their mission goals in every engagement. NLT offers competitive salaries and benefits including PTO, Healthcare, access to a vast network of group benefits such as commuter benefits and retirement plan access. NLT is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On call
Weekends
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
COVID-19 considerations:
While most of our work is done remotely during the COVID-19 Pandemic, this job in the National Security Sector requires physical presence on site.

Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Please list any presentations, repos, or other online content that is publicly available if you have them. For proper consideration, please make sure to take our skills tests in this indeed posting.
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Required)
Contract Length:
1 year
More than 1 year
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Likely
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://NewLightTechnologies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"New Light Technologies, Inc.
5.0","McLean, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Accounting,Accounting & Legal,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
28,Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Acuity is seeking a Senior Research Statistician- Data Scientist to use statistical knowledge and research skills to solve business problems. The Research Statistician will develop, implement, and interpret statistical models with a strong emphasis on data mining and statistical/predictive modeling. Provides work direction.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Identifies and acquires additional data sources, both internal and external, that can be used to enhance analyses.
Lead the development of analytical models to drive superior business outcomes.
Develop in-depth understanding of drivers for optimization by utilizing statistics and data mining techniques.
Using latest PC tools, develop, enhance and monitor reports and models for other business areas.
Evaluate and use Data Mining Tools.
Support, train, encourage, consult other areas in the company and provide actionable information to management.
Continually monitor database information and future needs.
Explore and acquire data from outside sources.
Use database tools to support other departments
Regular and predictable attendance.
Perform other duties as assigned.
EDUCATION:
Masters/PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or Computer Science
EXPERIENCE:
5 years P&C insurance, modelling and project leader experience. Programming skills including SAS and R.
OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Strong interpersonal, quantitative, problem-solving, computer and conceptual skills.
Aptitude in predictive modeling, multivariate analysis, statistical modeling, data mining techniques and mathematical statistics.
Ability to apply strong programming and data management skills.
Knowledge of and experience with at least one major computer programming language or advanced syntax in a major statistical package.
This job is classified as exempt.",4.9,"Acuity Insurance
4.9","Sheboygan, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
29,"Scientist, DNA-Encoded Library Group",$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"_Full-time role based in Monmouth Junction, NJ_

Within every human cell, nature has engineered finely tuned control mechanisms to correct imbalances caused by stress and disease and promote healing. At HotSpot Therapeutics, nature is inspiring us to create a wave of new medicines.

Through a proprietary technology platform, we are uncovering privileged allosteric sites used by nature to control proteins – called _regulatory hotspots_- that can be exploited through small molecule drug discovery. Regulatory hotspots are allowing sought-after targets to be drugged for the first time while delivering molecules with exquisite selectivity and attractive drug-like properties.

HotSpot is supported by a syndicate of leading healthcare investors based in the US and Europe. You will be joining a seasoned team of drug hunters with an excellent track record in drug discovery. As a HotSpotter, you are comfortable thinking outside the box and breaking convention. You are curious about the world and contribute beyond your precise role description. You are action orientated and extraordinary at getting things done. You communicate openly with your colleagues and you hate office politics.

HotSpot is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Mission*_: Produce High-Quality DNA-Encoded Libraries_
Lead efforts to plan, produce, and use our DNA-Encoded Library (DEL) platform.
Deliverables*
Perform and manage library design and build activities

· Design new libraries for HotSpot-binding compounds (in conjunction with computational chemistry)

· Work with vendors to source library inputs

· Develop new chemistry to be used in future DEL builds

· Manage and perform the profiling of library inputs, includes other group members

· Draft and use SOPs, protocols, and other build documentation to ensure robust build quality

· Manage and be a part of the actual DEL library build process

· Learn to work with output of DEL screens

Manage Employees

· Work with rest of HotSpot build team, comp chem

· Manage direct reports

· Manage offshore FTEs
Competencies*
· Previous experience in chemical methodology and/or total synthesis

· Chemistry background

· Driven, self motivated without supervision; can define a clear process for achieving goal

· Output oriented – rapidly commit thinking to slides

· Open and Collaborative worker/communicator who is comfortable operating in a team setting

· Comfortable working within distributed team model including use of Zoom or other

video-conference tools

· Experience working with Microsoft Powerpoint, Word, and Excel

· Ability to integrate data/input from different sources and team members

· Ph.D., post doc with 0-4 years industry experience.

· Synthetic chemistry/medicinal chemistry training or experience

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.hotspotthera.com
Work Remotely:
Yes",-1,HotSpot Therapeutics,"Monmouth Junction, NJ",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
30,Food Scientist,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"Location:
Marlborough, Massachusetts, US
Job Category:
General/Other: R&D/Science, New Product R&D
Job Type:

Employee

Job Posted:
August 17th, 2020

SUMMARY

Ken’s Foods is seeking a Food Scientist for our Marlborough, MA location. This position will plan, organize, and execute technical projects. Provide technical leadership and participate in product development/reformulation from concept to commercialization. Support other development projects, operations and related activities.

Summary of Primary Duties and Responsibilities:
Responsible for the development of: new products based on interaction/direction from Sales and Marketing and formula revisions (including cost reductions) of existing products.
Interaction with internal departments and outside vendors as projects dictate.
Participates in all aspects of the scale-up process (includes pre-production notes, hands-on supervision of plant trials, shelf-life evaluations, and coordination of product data to QC).
Commitment to safety begins with management. Managers and frontline supervisors are accountable for creating and maintaining a culture of Safety and assuring a safe work environment.
Other duties as assigned.
FOOD SAFETY RESPONSIBILITIES
Lead by example to ensure our highest quality manufacturing practices are being met.
Ensure team members follow all Ken's Food Safety and GMP policies.
Ensure all work is completed in a safe and sanitary manner.
Ensure team members produce product free of contamination.
Ensure team members report any suspicious activities anywhere in or around the plant.
Ensure team members inspect work area for any possible product contamination issues on a continuous basis.
Qualifications/Requirements:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Education and/or Experience

Bachelor's degree (B. S.) from four-year College or University (specializing in Food Science); a minimum of two years related experience and/or training in a related field.

Employment with Ken's Foods is contingent upon successful completion of a drug test, background screening, and pre-employment assessment.

Apply

Back
New Search

Didn't find what you were looking for?

FacebookTwitterEmailShare",3.8,"Ken's Foods
3.8","Marlborough, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
31,Data Scientist- Streetsboro Ohio Office,$115k-$182k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Step2 Company is the largest American manufacturer of preschool and toddler toys and one of the world’s largest rotational molders of plastics. It’s our mission to be the leading innovator of children's products that build imaginations and enrich the family's celebration of childhood.

Step2 proudly employs moms, dads, grandparents, aunts, uncles and everyone in between. We offer an environment of fun and hard work. Our mission of bringing families together isn’t just for our customers. The Step2 family starts with our employees and we’re excited that you’re interested in joining our team!

PRIMARY FUNCTION: Reporting to the IT Director, and in close collaboration FP&A, the Data Scientist will support our product, sales, operations, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

SPECIFIC DUTIES/ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design
Functions as Oracle subject matter expert and ensures end users are properly trained to use system and reports appropriately; troubleshoots issues.
Serves as the System Administrator for the Daily Operating System (D.O.S.) Report and supporting network.
Ensures functionality and accuracy of reports which make up the D.O.S. report (i.e. Mold Placement Master, Mold Placement Report, Attendance Rosters).
Keeps D.O.S. supporting data updated (i.e. labor standards, NSP pricing, tooling information, goals, etc.)
Data mines and analyzes data from Oracle to provide user-friendly ad-hoc reports as request by various departments and upper level management.
Design and create a data repository to achieve the above objectives
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Adwords, Content Analytics, Facebook Insights, etc.


ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
Excellent project management skills
Ability to explain complex issues clearly and succinctly
Effectively summarizes and communicates results
Ability to forecast potential problems and pitfalls
What are the perks?
· Parental Leave
· 401k with Employer Match
· Tuition Assistance
· Company Paid Life& Disability Insurance
· Adoption Assistance
· Medical, Dental and Vision
· Premium FREE Medical Plan
· Employee Discount
· 10 Paid Holidays
· Advancement Opportunities
Join our family!

Apply today or text Step2Jobs to 97211 to connect with a recruiter.

Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer



Step2 is an Equal Opportunity Employer",3.3,"Step2
3.3","Streetsboro, OH",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1991,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
32,"Data Scientist, Machine Learning",$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

At Shipt, we are transforming the grocery shopping experience and giving time back to consumers. Shipt shoppers handpick fresh groceries and household essentials, then deliver them to your door in as little as one hour.

Shipt is growing and we are searching for a Data Scientist, Machine Learning to join our team! At Shipt, we're using machine learning (ML) and analytics to drive our business forward. We're looking for help understanding our data, optimizing our processes, and making predictions to improve our product and customer experience.

The data science team builds data driven solutions using machine learning and modeling techniques. Our solutions include predictive models, clustering, segmentation, complex reporting, and quantitative research. Our ideal candidate will be data-driven, intellectually curious, and a clear communicator with experience building machine learning models.

What You'll Gain
You will get experience working with a cross-disciplinary team shipping real-world products to our customers around the nation. You will also receive hands-on mentorship from your friendly teammates on topics ranging from design to career advice

Your Responsibilities
Develop a thorough understanding of our data and interpret them as they relate to shopper behavior, search performance, profitability, and product development
Build predictive models and optimization routines to capture opportunities and solve problems. Applications include modeling demand in a given market, delivering search recommendations, and optimizing internal processes
Collaborate with other members of the Data Science and engineering teams on ways to approach problems, augment code, and share new techniques
Work with functional team leaders (in Product, Operations, Marketing, etc.) to explain your analysis, findings, and recommendations
Find opportunities for improvement across the business and assist in decision-making across teams
Stay abreast of developments in the field and contribute to its advancement
Requirements
At least 2 years of experience with machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization techniques
High degree of proficiency with one of R or Python
Proficiency with SQL
Experience with a data visualization tool (Tableau, Chartio, Looker, Spotfire, Power BI, etc.)
Experience with cloud computing services or platforms
Comfortable giving verbal presentations and communicating with technologies like Zoom and Slack
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field or related experience
Nice to Haves
Experience deploying predictive models in a cloud environment
Experience with batch processing framework
Familiarity with AWS, version control, and peer code review systems
Familiarity with on-demand and/or multi-sided marketplaces
Proficiency in both R and Python
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.",3.6,"Shipt
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Product Rental,Consumer Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
33,Data Analyst/Data Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr. Software Engineer – (Discovery Module)
About Privacera
Founded in 2016 by the creators of Apache Ranger™ and Apache Atlas™, Privacera’s mission is to empower enterprises building data platforms in the cloud to balance data governance and security with data access, discovery, and analytics. Often described as “Apache Ranger in the Cloud”, Privacera provides centralized access control that extends Ranger’s capabilities beyond traditional Big Data environments to cloud-native services and leading analytics platforms such as AWS, Azure, GCP and Databricks. Privacera enables IT and data platform teams to make as much data as possible available to the business for analytics while ensuring it is used ethically and in compliance with privacy regulations. Privacera offices are located in Fremont, California and Mumbai. To learn more, visit www.privacera.com
If you are a Data Scientist with a passion for solving major problems with Machine Learning and Big Data Analytics, this is a great opportunity to work with one of the industry’s leading security architects.
Principal Responsibilities:
· Development and implementation of Machine Learning algorithms in Big Data environment
· Work with Data Analysis Engineers, R&D and Product Management to solve complex customer problems and highlight opportunities
· Develop and communicate descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive insights/algorithms
· Use machine learning and statistical modeling techniques
Minimum Requirements:
· Master or equivalent degree in a computational science
· 4+ years experience with Machine Learning
· Experience with traditional as well as modern statistical techniques, including Regression, Support Vector Machines, Regularization, Boosting, Random Forests and other ensemble methods
· Strong Analytical skills
· Proficiency in SQL and one or more of JAVA, Python and Scale
· In depth knowledge of statistical methods, data analysis and data mining
· Tuning PID loops for controllers a plus.",4.7,"Privacera
4.7","Fremont, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Unknown,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
34,"Sr. Scientist Pulmonary Biology Pharmacology - Lexington, MA, US",$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

Translate Bio is a leading mRNA therapeutics company developing a new class of potentially transformative medicines to treat diseases caused by protein or gene dysfunction. Using our proprietary mRNA therapeutic platform (MRT), we create mRNA that encodes functional proteins. Our mRNA is delivered to the target cell where the cell’s own machinery recognizes it and translates it, restoring or augmenting protein function to treat or prevent disease.

Job Summary

Translate Bio is seeking an experienced Senior Scientist to join our Pharmacology team. The individual in this role will contribute to drug development efforts at TBio, particularly focused on lung diseases with high unmet need, such as idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension, primary ciliary dyskinesia, cystic fibrosis, asthma, COPD and acute lung injury. She/he will oversee early drug discovery and development in vivo pharmacology studies by contributing expertise in disease animal models.

Job Responsibilities

Lead pharmacology and translational development roles on multi-disciplinary teams from early preclinical phase through IND-enabling studies
Provide technical expertise in generating genetic or chemically-induced pulmonary models with a clear understanding of model development
Design and oversee the execution of in vivo pharmacological studies in lung disease models by applying our proprietary platform using various routes of administration
Manage externalized pharmacological studies at CROs and academic collaborators by conducting site appraisals, establishing protocols with attention to detail, and evaluating study reports
Conduct downstream analyses of samples with relevant assays at the bench pertaining to the disease model
Analyze data from studies to inform decisions in a timely manner
Prepare reports and presentations of results from studies across the organization
Assume additional responsibilities as assigned

Required Skills & Qualifications

Ph.D. in molecular, cell/developmental, pharmacological sciences or similar with experience in lung physiology and pulmonary disease, with 6+ years experience in a biotech or pharma setting
Experience performing in vivo pharmacology studies in animal models of pulmonary diseases such as idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension, primary ciliary dyskinesia, cystic fibrosis, asthma, COPD and acute lung injury with various routes of administration
Expertise with innate immune lung biology is desirable, but not required
Knowledge of downstream analytics for the relevant pulmonary disease indications
Demonstrated experience to execute in vivo pharmacology studies from early discovery through IND-enabling studies, experience with writing pharmacology sections of IND applications a plus
Demonstrated successful experience in working with outside CROs and academic collaborators
Ability to work collaboratively in a cross-functional team environment to advance programs to and through translational development
Manages time effectively demonstrating ability to perform multiple projects at one time
Desire to work in a fast-paced environment
Excellent organizational and communication skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Translate Bio is committed to equal employment opportunity. All applicants must have authorization to work in the U.S.",5.0,"Translate Bio
5.0","Lexington, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
35,Senior Data Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"NanoMosaic LLC, located in Woburn, Massachusetts, is focused on developing an innovative photonics technology for biomedical diagnostics and drug development. Our cutting-edge technology will enable new frontiers of medical research for ultrahigh-sensitivity detection of single molecules in low volume liquid biopsy samples.
We are looking for a candidate with a strong desire to bring a disruptive technology to market; playing a key role in a multidisciplinary team. This position will primarily focus on implementation of our data processing, informatics, and reporting pipeline.
Successful candidates must have solid knowledge and extensive experience with scripting in Python or similar language with special emphasis in machine vision applications. Emphasis is also placed on image processing techniques via machine learning methods as well as local and hosted system architecture development. Experience providing consumer-facing data visualizations is preferred. Additionally, candidates should possess a strong acumen for on-the-fly problem solving, communication, and system level thinking.

Responsibilities:
Develop, validate, implement, and support image analysis tools for our evolving data pipeline
Incorporate data pipeline revisions into our existing platform
Develop and integrate data reporting mechanism
General Qualifications:
Creative, hardworking, and organized. Must also show a track record of innovative problem solving in technical environments.
BS/BA degree in a Data Science or related field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, etc.)
5+ years of directly related experience
Strong experience with image processing and image analysis
Strong background in Python
Strong problem-solving skills
Ability to prioritize tasks and remain agile in a small working group
Excellent communication skills are essential
Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s degree in a Data Science or related field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, etc.) plus 5 years of experience.
Previous experience in application of statistical methods and machine learning techniques
Experience with wet-lab techniques (especially immunological)
Application experience with photonics, machine vision, and microscopy
Experience with laboratory automation including liquid handling, plate readers, plate washers, and incubators
Experience with other software platforms such as LabView, Matlab
Familiarity with regulatory framework and guidance for RUO and Dx software development

NanoMosaic LLC. is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",-1,NanoMosaic,"Woburn, MA",-1,Unknown,-1,Unknown,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
36,R&D Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Research and Development department is on the forefront of product development and innovation. It is easy to be dedicated when you’re a part of something much bigger than yourself. We’ve got an insatiable appetite for making a difference. The ideal R&D Dairy and/or Dairy Alternative Scientist candidate will have an integral role in leading the product development of our next wave product innovations, while also lending technical support to our growing base business. We are looking for a candidate with a strong food science foundation, and a demonstrated expertise in product innovation, to help Chobani advance its’ mission of making healthy and delicious plant-based foods.

The responsibilities of this position include:
Execute research and development plans and strategies for product development in support of company objectives
Design and execute experiments based on project objectives, excellent record keeping, data collection and analysis and preparing project summaries
Plan and carry out development work in lab and pilot scale; design, develop, and lead tests to qualify new products and to support changes to existing products
Conduct analytical measurements like, pH, viscosity, density, able to design and execute shelf life studies, brix, total solids etc.
Manage technical development projects focusing on product development, process, and product care to help Chobani improve and launch more innovative food and beverage products
Lead and document development projects all the way from conceptualization to commercialization – this includes budget and target within certain time constraints
Communicate project requirements and recommendations as well as status to internal customers and external stake holders
Lead, assist, and work directly with plant processing and production personnel to ensure trial runs and start-up operations are properly performed
The requirements of this position include:
Minimum B.S. Food Science or related degree. Advanced degree strongly preferred
2-7 years of food industry experience required, dairy and/or non-dairy is preferred
Extensive ingredient (stabilizers & fortification), flavor development, and product stability knowledge
Background in process and product development and commercialization of food processes is required. Dairy or Dairy Alternative processing would be a big bonus. Proven track record of leading product development projects including timeline development / management, testing / trials, operational launch and scale
Familiarity with basic research tools and statistical analysis
Comfortable with ambiguity and are energized by the process of building something from the ground up
Innate curiosity for understanding complex food systems from a physical and chemical perspective
Maintain clean & safe manufacturing environment within all facilities
Excellent written and verbal communication
Must be a self-starter able to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple projects/tasks at any given time
Willingness to travel (10-20%)
About Us:

Since our founding over 10 years ago, we’ve always been a different kind of company. After moving to New York from his native Turkey, our CEO Hamdi Ulukaya found that in America, yogurt just wasn’t as delicious or widely available as it was back home. He thought everyone deserved better options, so he set about making delicious, nutritious, natural, and accessible Greek Yogurt right here in the U.S.

Our mission since day one has been to provide better food to more people. And now as the No. 1-selling Greek Yogurt brand in America that is expanding beyond yogurt, we believe every food maker has a responsibility to provide people with better options, which is why we’re so proud of the way our food is made.

Our food philosophy of crafting quality products with simple ingredients is what sets Chobani apart. Our belief that business done right has the ability to change lives and strengthen communities is what sets our company apart. From the way we source our ingredients to how we treat our employees, Chobani strives to make universal wellness happen sooner with everything we do. Certified as a Great Place to Work®, our culture is built on shared passion, dedication, and a commitment to doing what is right. Together, the Chobani family has created something unlike what any company has done before. The possibilities are endless.

Chobani is an equal opportunity employer. Chobani will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on any basis including, but not limited to: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, military and/or veteran status, marital status, predisposing genetic characteristics and genetic information, or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws.",4.3,"Chobani
4.3","Twin Falls, ID",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
37,Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"ArsenalBio’s mission is to develop efficacious and safe cellular therapies for patients with chronic diseases, initially cancer. Our products are being designed to herald the transition of adoptive cell therapy from a hospital based treatment to outpatient therapy, like most other cancer treatments. Our people are our greatest asset, they bring scientific talents in molecular biology, immunology, pharmacology, protein chemistry, computational biology, automation, genome engineering, software and other fields to make the future happen now.

We are seeking an outstanding Scientist to lead research efforts in areas of immunology that are key to understanding cancer immunity, including T cell and NK cell biology, as well as components of the tumor microenvironment. Strongest consideration will be given to candidates with demonstrated expertise in molecular or synthetic immunology and whose research interests are relevant to the problem of T cell development, mechanisms of immunosuppression, and next generation adoptive cell therapies. The successful candidate is expected to effectively lead cross-functional teams
What You Will Do:
Lead and drive studies applying cellular immunology, gene editing, single-cell sequencing and mouse modeling to address T cell dysfunction
Discovery and evaluation of novel mechanisms of tumor resistance to innate and adaptive immunity
Design and execution of cell-based functional assays to select candidate molecules for clinical development
Design and execution of drug mechanism of action studies using in vivo models and ex vivo methods, such as cell sorting, multi-color flow cytometry, immunohistochemistry/immunofluorescence, primary immune cell assays and 3D/organoid/explant assays.
Drive scientific and technical innovation collaboratively with other members of the company
Identify new ways to make better CAR T cells and collaborate with other ArsenalBio teams to move novel product concept designs to the clinic.
Provide exceptional scientific leadership and mentor and cross-train other scientists and research associates

What You Will Bring:
PhD, MD, DVM, or MD/DVM-PhD with at least 3 years of relevant post-doctoral research experience in Immunology, Biochemistry or Molecular Biology.
A strong work ethic, a steadfast commitment to discovery research and a documented ability to initiate, drive and complete research projects, as evidenced by a strong publication record.
Ability to manage an independent research program and to lead a cross-functional research team
Outstanding written and oral communication skills and the ability to organize and communicate complex data sets in a clear and concise manner to key stakeholders from diverse backgrounds are essential
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status

To all recruitment agencies: ArsenalBio does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, or Arsenalbio employees. ArsenalBio is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.",5.0,"Arsenal Biosciences
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
38,Supply Chain Solution - Data Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Supply Chain Solution – Data Scientist will be based in Austin, TX. In this role you will be responsible for creating reports using a variety of tools and methods.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do…
Use various analytical techniques including visualization, statistical methods, machine learning/AI to create scalable solutions for business problems
Translate Supply Chain business problems and questions into specific quantitative questions to be answered w/ available data using robust methodologies. In many cases, the data collection at scale will be part of the task and may involve co-work with software development team
Coordinate and perform testing on data quality and solutions
Analyze and extract relevant information from big data to help automate and optimize key processes
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation
Research and implement novel machine learning and statistical approaches
Make business recommendations (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings to stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information
Build scalable prototype analytics solutions
Work closely with software development/engineering teams to build model implementations and integrate successful models and algorithms in production systems at scale
Here is some of what you’ll need (required)…
Minimum 4 years’ experience with R
Demonstrated skill and experience of data analysis within open source scripting languages (e.g. R, Python)
Strong experience with SQL and working with relational databases (SQL Server, Teradata, MySQL etc.)
Strong demonstrated knowledge of applied statistical and machine learning methods
Experience with XML, JSON data formats, working with REST API’s, SVN/Git or other version control tools and techniques
Experience with Tableau in dashboard development, deployment and administration
Demonstrated ability to manage projects and implementation of solutions/applications
Effective written and oral communication skills, team player
Here are some nice to have’s…
Master’s degree in STEM field/Operations Research/Data Science/Supply Chain
Work experience in Supply Chain/Manufacturing
Be able to present quantitative results in the right context to various target audiences
Experience within the RStudio ecosystem (Shiny dashboards and applications, Plumber API’s, RStudio Connect)
Experience working with non-relational databases like MongoDB
Experience of deploying ML applications on platforms like Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud preferred
Demonstrated experience in business applications of distributed computing (e.g. MapReduce, HIVE, HADOOP)
Demonstrated capability in building scalable analytical solutions
Experience in ownership of solutions – life-cycle, roadmap, implementation, business value generation
Portfolio of data science projects on Github.com, RPubs.com etc.
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Demonstrated ability to communicate and influence executives and upper management
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
Job Category
Global Procurement & Supply Chain

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com",3.8,"Flex
3.8","Austin, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1969,Company - Public,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
39,"Scientist, Assay Development",$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION SUMMARY:
This position is responsible for developing, coordinating, and providing assay support for preclinical, clinical candidates and other CMO projects coordinated by Process Development and Manufacturing. This position will also be responsible for developing and evaluating technology to characterize vaccine products (example: recombinant protein, virus or bacterial vaccines). This position also involves and coordinates the assay qualification, validation and tech transfer activities.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for developing physicochemical methodologies and analytical techniques including chromatography (HPLC - size exclusion, ion exchange), light scattering, solubility and viscosity measurements, spectroscopy (CD, fluorescence, UV/VIS, and FTIR), for quantifying purity/quality of proteins, peptides, VLPs, viral vectors.
Responsible for performing Peptide micro-array, ELISA, SDS-PAGE, Western blotting, qPCR, and RT-PCR and other gene/protein expression assays.
Responsible for developing or optimizing viral titer assays, TCID50, plaque, and focus assays for viral vectors.
Lead development of assays for physical and functional characteristics of recombinant protein, bacterial or viral vaccine formulations to support various phases of clinical manufacturing projects.
Coordinates and lead the development of release and potency assays for various vaccine platforms as needed.
Coordinate various projects and provide assay or analytical support for Process Development and Manufacturing.
Coordinates assay transfer activities as appropriate for internal or external projects.
Coordinate assay activities among Assay Development, Quality Control and Process Development groups for driving work to meet project deliverables as well as for cross-functional improvements.
Experienced in the principles of good record keeping for all the assay development processes.
Demonstrated ability to assemble data generated into technical reports, summaries, and/or graphic presentations.
Write, review, and edit SOPs.
Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS:
PhD degree in Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, Biophysics or Pharmaceutical Chemistry discipline with a 3+ years in Assay/Analytical Development, Protein Characterization, Formulation development in vaccines in an industrial setting.
Hands-on and in-depth understanding of different recombinant protein physical and biochemical characterization and stabilization techniques.
Experience in technology transfer, assay qualification and assay validation
Experience in the design and screening various formulations for protein and virus to assess stability. Investigates, develops, optimizes, and implements new analytical assays.
Evidence of experience with cGMP, ICH testing guidelines and regulatory requirements for filing and registration of vaccine and/or biologics.
Evidence of effective communication, both verbally and written.
Demonstrate highly organized, analytical, accurate, and detail oriented capabilities.
Evidence of ability to prioritize assignments; time management and multitasking in a dynamic environment.
IDT offers a competitive compensation package to include major medical/dental/vision, group life insurance, STD/LTD plans, 401k plan with company match, and paid vacation, sick and holidays.
IDT Biologika Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status andwill not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.",3.6,"IDT Biologika
3.6","Rockville, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2011,Unknown,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
40,Cell Line Development Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Title: Scientist, Cell Line Development*
Work Location: Chesterfield - MO*
Duration: 12 Months*
Job Description:
The client's Cell Line Development (CLD) organization is seeking a motivated, qualified candidate to be a technical leader, in a lab based Scientist role. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to perform platform cell line development activities, which advance the Client's Gene Medicines pipeline toward clinical and commercial development. The position will be involved in the advancement of the mammalian protein expression portfolio as well as Client technology development and process optimization programs. This role will involve all molecular and cell biology aspects of cell line development from vector design/construction, cell culture maintenance, clone screening, flow cytometry, and cell line characterization. The successful candidate will also help to design and drive innovative improvements to CLD technologies, practices and infrastructure to ensure successful delivery of the project portfolio and continuous technology improvements. In addition, experience with systems biology, synthetic biology, bioinformatics, and/or automation technologies is desired.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Be a key member of the CLD team that will support the execution of both technology development and pipeline projects.
Demonstrate outstanding communication and presentation skills, a documented ability to troubleshoot technical issues, and ability to plan and carry out experiments independently, and to work with complex instrumentation and software.
Effectively document all lab activities in notebooks/ elsewhere as required and appropriate, in a timely fashion.
Represent CLD to the scientific community through the delivery of high-quality presentations at external venues and publication of work in peer-reviewed journals.
Evaluate data and provide clear reports that can be shared and transferred to and from cross functional teams; responsible for clear communication in written & oral forms.
Adherence to safety protocols and knowledge of basic laboratory procedures to advance projects under rapidly shifting priorities and timelines.
Work closely with groups outside of the CLD organization to advance portfolio and technology development initiatives.
Work with and contribute to associated regulatory filing activities.
Support laboratory activities by monitoring lab equipment and maintaining a clean and safe working environment.

NOTES:
really need someone that can hit the ground running + experienced
#1 Mandatory Skills: Mammalian Cell Culture Experience
Huge Plus: Molecular biology
candidates must have that experience in tissue/cell culture and familiar with aseptic techniques
Ph.D. entry-level or Masters with 5+ yrs experience
#IRI1

Job Type: Contract

Schedule:
Monday to Friday",3.2,"Integrated Resources, Inc
3.2","Chesterfield, MO",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
41,Data Assimilation JEDI algorithm development,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"_Overview_*
I.M. Systems Group, Inc. (IMSG) is seeking a candidate to support the Environmental Modeling Center (EMC) of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) in carrying out research and development work related to the future operational atmospheric component of the Unified Forecast System (UFS). The candidate’s work will involve the development, execution, testing, and evaluation of several components of the atmospheric data assimilation system in the context of numerical weather prediction. The work location is at the NOAA Center for Weather and Climate Prediction (NCWCP) in College Park, MD.
_Responsibilities_*
The candidate will perform the job duties in a high-quality, independent, and collaborative way, assisting with developing and applying innovative methods for the primary work areas described below. The candidate will work with EMC scientists and external collaborators to develop and test atmospheric data assimilation components for use in the UFS. In particular, the candidate will focus on the evaluation of current and future algorithms for use in global numerical weather prediction applications using the Joint Effort for Data assimilation Integration (JEDI) project.

The primary focus will be on performing an algorithm intercomparison study and contributing to future algorithm development activities within the JEDI project. This will include a comparison of variational-based solvers (Hybrid 4DEnVar versus Hybrid 4DVar) for the NCEP Global Data Assimilation System.

The successful candidate will work on the following scientific and engineering tasks:
Complete intercomparison study of Hybrid 4DVar versus Hybrid 4DEnVar for the NCEP Global Data Assimilation System
Develop and support atmospheric model interface, including tangent linear and adjoint, within the JEDI infrastructure
Develop test, and/or explore additional algorithm developments for use in global NWP (use of EDA instead of LETKF, multi-scale and scale-dependent exploitation of ensemble information, etc.)
Test and evaluate JEDI-based algorithm developments for use in future operational NWP applications
Assist in development and transition of JEDI-based developments for replacement of current atmospheric assimilation infrastructure (GSI-based)
Assist in coordination of JEDI-related development activities from other EMC developers
Utilize JEDI infrastructure to explore data assimilation research activities relevant to future transition-to-operations of operationally relevant data assimilation research
_Qualifications_*
A Master’s Degree or higher in atmospheric sciences or meteorology, applied mathematics, or related physical science with at least 2 years of experience in environmental forecast and analysis systems.

Demonstrated knowledge, skills, and abilities in at least five of the following areas:
Advanced knowledge of data assimilation with focus on the development for numerical weather prediction (NWP)
Advanced knowledge of data assimilation solvers, including variational-based assimilation and ensemble Kalman filters
Advanced knowledge of the physical and mathematical basis of geophysical modeling and experience running advanced numerical weather prediction (NWP) models.
Experience with tangent-linear and adjoint models
Experience in model development in various infrastructures like the Earth System Modeling Framework (ESMF) and NOAA Environmental Modeling System (NEMS)
Advanced knowledge and experience of modern programming languages such as object-oriented FORTRAN, Python, and/or C++
Experience working in a UNIX environment with advanced scripting languages
Experience in working with HPC platforms (MPI, OpenMP, Slurm, LSF, etc.)
Modern software engineering practices (requirements gathering, design, prototyping, version control, integration, testing, and documentation).
Experience in model testing and evaluation and/or knowledge of verification principles.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment on complex problems.
Good oral and written communication skills in English
Demonstrated skill in performing tasks requiring organization and attention to detail.
_Candidates must be a U.S. Citizen or Green Card Holder to qualify_*
_(US Citizen must live in US for 3-5 years prior to application)_*
_(please indicate in your cover letter)._*
_To_* *_Apply_*
Please apply online at _https://careers-imsg.icims.com_. In your cover letter, please indicate the following information:

1) Timeline of availability

2) Citizenship Status

3) Salary requirements for considerations

NOTE: Provide three References

_IMSG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veteran friendly_

_https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf_

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Referral Program
Relocation Assistance
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday",3.5,"IMSG/NOAA
3.5","Rockville, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
42,Senior Clinical Development Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Clinical Development Scientist*
As a Senior Clinical Development Scientist at Invivoscribe you are responsible for implementing company protocols in laboratory experiments. It is your job to ensure that product research and development is performed in a manner that complies with applicable regulations and industry standards. More specifically:

Supports development projects that includes generating analytical data for CAP accredited/CLIA certified assays.

Automates complex assays on liquid handlers.

Designs, leads execution of, and documents highly complex experiments that support the development of diagnostic reagents and assays.

Writes and finalizes protocols and reports according to standard guidelines when they are available.

Maintains a laboratory notebook that records all aspects of experimental design and results.

Uses laboratory techniques such as preparation of buffers and media, aseptic technique, cell culture, specimen processing, nucleic acid isolation and manipulation, PCR, and gel and capillary electrophoresis.

Independently operates laboratory equipment such as thermocyclers, next generation sequencing platforms, spectrophotometers, fluorometers, centrifuges, cell counters, autoclaves, scales, and DNA isolation workstations.
Skills and Experience Required: *
PhD in a scientific discipline and 5+ years in molecular biology or equivalent.

B.S. or M.S. degree and 8+ years in molecular biology or equivalent.

Experience with next generation sequencing technology, proven track record of automating complex assays and experience in product development is highly preferred.

Experience in clinical lab or FDA regulated environment highly preferred.

Extensive experience with nucleic acid purification, amplification, and related techniques.

Ability to troubleshoot and solve complex technical issues across multiple assays and platforms.

Working knowledge of quality and regulatory requirements for medical devices including QSR and ISO quality system standards and the IVD Directive.

Well-developed technical writing skills and verbal communication, able to create and deliver presentations before groups of professionals.

Proficient computer skills and good working knowledge of Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel).

Ability to follow and adhere to Standardized Operating Procedures (SOPs) as well as written and verbal instructions.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.invivoscribe.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.3,"Invivoscribe, Inc.
3.3","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
43,"Research Scientist, Immuno-Oncology (PhD Required)",$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary: *
The research scientist will be involved in conducting immune-oncology research programs directed at identifying new therapeutic targets and development drug development programs in cancer around these targets. The candidate will write scientific publications, grant and patent applications. The responsibilities of this position include developing and executing cell-based assays, _in vitro,_ _ex vivo_ and _in vivo_ to characterize biological mechanisms of action of novel immunotherapeutic product candidates for the treatment of cancer. The candidate will be aligned with four fundamental pillars of BTI's entrepreneurial corporate culture: 1) Be bold and decisive, 2) Never give up, 3) Be solution-oriented, and 4) Do the impossible.
Responsibilities: *
· _Experimental Design: _ Generate and test novel experimental hypotheses to advance discovery-based R&D at BTI. Propose controlled designs capable of robustly testing respective hypotheses to draw conclusions relevant to drug development research.

· _Data analysis: _ Utilize established and novel methods to analyze data. Data types will include but are not limited to flow cytometry results, high-throughput sequencing, protein biochemistry assays, and histopathology.

· _Data communication and reporting: _ Provide detailed reports of experimental results. Generate figures, presentations and publications to communicate results with scientific community, investors, and collaborators. Support the development of peer reviewed scientific publications, patents and grants relevant to ongoing research.

· _Laboratory Procedures_: Perform various standard experimental assays including quantitative real-time PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry, and ELISA. Work in sterile conditions to conduct cell culture experiments and maintain the growth of cell lines. Express and purify recombinant protein. Collect and analyze generated data.

· _Personnel Training_: Training of BTI personnel on laboratory upkeep, experimental assays and research projects. Guide the personnel resourcing of projects and tasks.

· _Animal Procedures_: Conduct various IACUC approved laboratory animal procedures and techniques for BTI’s projects including but not limited to basic rodent handling, oral gavage, intraperitoneal injection, blood collection, and euthanasia. Interact with animal facility personnel to maintain organization and compliance of animal facilities. Will design new animal studies for projects related to therapeutic efficacy or mechanisms of action of new drugs for autoimmune diseases.

· _Teamwork_: Work independently and collaboratively in a matrixed environment. Be able to successfully work with other BTI team members in experiments.

· _Regulatory Compliance_: Support regulatory compliance efforts as instructed by the senior leadership in accordance with IACUC, IBC, and IRB protocols. Implement, organize and maintain regulatory compliance records.

· _Record keeping_: Keep detailed records of all activities, record these activities in ASANA, Google Drive, laboratory notebook, the BTI’s Colony Management System (CMS), and Labkey. Provide weekly updates of the BTI research progress to the Scientific Director, and BTI team. Maintains confidentiality of all data, information and knowledge.

· Maintain the confidentiality of all company deliberations and plans.

· Any new responsibilities or changes in the reporting structure as directed by the executive leadership.

· Act in accordance with Company’s policies.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $48,814.00 - $91,451.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.biotherapeuticsinc.com
Work Remotely:
No",-1,"BioTherapeutics, Inc.","Blacksburg, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
44,Sr. Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description*
Join a rapidly growing startup that is developing exciting new life science technologies. Play a critical role in the development and commercialization of products that will unleash the next transformation of genomics!
Responsibilities*
Leads molecular and multidisciplinary R&D projects
Defines timelines and milestones for projects
Design of experiment and hands-on execution
Presents data and finding to scientific experts and management
Closely works with cross functional teams and external collaborators
Supports internal workflow R&D
Qualifications*
PhD in bioengineering, molecular biology, biochemistry, biophysics, or closely related field.
3+ year of relevant scientific industry experience or postdoc equivalent.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities*
Solid scientific understanding and education background for solving DNA based assay development challenges.
Knowledgeable and hands-on experience with standard molecular biology techniques and microscopy.
Working knowledge with nucleic acid amplification (thermal and isothermal), selection technologies, and NGS.
Demonstrated independence with complex multidisciplinary projects.
Proven ability to perform DOEs and use statistical analysis to derive conclusions.
Excellent communicator and presenter (technical and general).
Strong organizational, interpersonal skills, and can-do attitude will be needed in our fast-paced team.
Benefits*
Full medical/dental/vision (100% employer covered)
401K with matching
Paid vacation
\*\*\* *_No Recruiters or unsolicited agency referrals please \*\*\*_*

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Location:
Newark, CA (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Stealth Mode Startup,"Newark, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
45,Fungal Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description/Primary Duties and Responsibilities: *
Biotechnical Scientist to provide scientific, engineering, and analysis in Biotechnology. This area includes experimental and theoretical pursuits mainly focused in microbiology, biochemistry, molecular biology and biological materials. Support services shall include the following:
Cloning experiments including: nucleic acid handling, purification, and quantification. Further enzymatic assays such as Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), restriction digestion, and ligation reactions for synthetic biology projects
Growth experiments with anaerobic and aerobic microorganisms in a bioreactor or standard incubator requiring sterile technique, preparation of growth media, plates and freezer stocks and perform growth curves
Separation and analysis of metabolites from bacterial culture
Purification and characterization of microbial cell materials
Characterization of binding interactions in traditional and novel biological assays
Write reports and briefings and conduct presentations on results
Interact with OGAs, Contractors, and universities and support the development of technical packages.
_The position includes the following responsibilities: _*
Work as part of a team to help with the isolation, identification, and cultivation of fungi from environmental samples.
Evaluate a variety of filamentous fungi for potential use as platform organisms for genetic engineering/synthetic biology.
Develop genetic engineering protocols and tools for filamentous fungi.
Develop methods for high throughput culturing, assays, and genetic engineering of filamentous fungi.
Maintain detailed records of work in progress and completed.
Execute experiments, analyze data, and report on project results.
Develop and follow Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Set up and maintain associated equipment.
Stay current with relevant literature.
Seek relevant opportunities to remain current on technological developments in the field.
Skills & Education Requirement: *
PhD or Master’s in molecular biology, genetics, biochemistry, microbiology, biological engineering or related field.
Experience with culturing, analysis, and genetics of filamentous fungi.
Experience with heterologous protein production and purification.
Experience developing and optimizing enzyme assays.
Microbiology and molecular biology laboratory techniques: pipetting, aseptic techniques, making media and buffer solutions, designing primers, DNA and RNA extraction and purification, PCR, gel electrophoresis, protein expression and purification.
Facility with data analysis and visualization.
Additional desired skills: *
Experience with genome editing/engineering of filamentous fungi
Bioinformatics, synthetic biology software
Flow cytometry, cell sorting
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills to discuss issues and potential solutions with other groups and personnel to find answers to a new problem set.
Ability to work with a multidisciplinary team of research scientists.
MS Suite of office applications
Good attention to detail and documentation
Strong work ethic, positive attitude, self-starter, punctual and good attendance record with the desire to develop professionally
Must have or be able to obtain a secret clearance
US Citizenship required
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
related: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
License:
US Citizenship (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",2.5,"General Technical Services, LLC and Fibertek, Inc.
2.5","Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
46,Sr Data Engineer,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer to work with one of our US-based clients, who is reinventing the delivery of health and human services. Our client’s collaborative platform unites healthcare providers, government, and the community around the common goal of improving health outcomes for everyone.

Data has long been a foundation of our client’s system and their requirements around data have grown more sophisticated and central to their mission. They are now harvesting the data in the platform and transforming it into an actionable source of information that stakeholders use to understand the impact that Social Determinants of Health are having on communities.

The company is made up of 160 professionals, including QAs, Product Managers, and 30 Engineers, mostly based in the NY area. Some of the main technologies used are APIs, Ruby on Rails, Golang, Lambda AWS, Neo4J running on EC2 nodes, MySQL, Postgres, microservices, enterprise data warehouse, Redshift, and Tableau. The team is currently working on a single-page application on front-end technologies such as React and JavaScript.

Our client is looking for people to join their team who share a passion for their mission to reinvent Health & Human Services and aspire to make a lasting difference for future generations.
You are the one if you have:
Solid experience working with Spark, Data Lakes and Data Warehouses
Vast knowledge about ETL processes
Experience with AWS (S3, Redshift Spectrum)
It’s a bonus if you have experience working with:
Tableau
Neo4J
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Engineer role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
47,"Scientist III, Pharma R & D",$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Scientist III develops and executes formulation strategies related to product development, such as project planning, experimental design and data evaluations. The Scientist III applies technical expertise and has knowledge of various formulation development approaches. Demonstrates leadership and experience in the area of pre-formulation, formulation and process development of immediate and modified solid dosage, Topicals (cream,gel), Oral liquid and /or Transdermal. The position reports to a Manager/ Principal Scientist as described in the current organization chart of the department.

Essential Functions:
Develops formulation strategy and designs experimental plan, formulation and process development work for oral controlled release and immediate release dosage forms, Topicals, (cream, gel), Oral Liquid, and Transdermal products.
Responsible for selection of raw materials, packaging components and process requirements based on sound scientific principles.
Reviews analytical and clinical data and makes scientific conclusions.
Writes and reviews protocols and batch records for process development and evaluation work, scale up and pivotal batch manufacturing.
Creates and reviews technical documents, reports and presentations for cross functional teams. Writes Modules of ANDA's for submission.
Maintain Design history files for combination products. Develop design and development plan.
Keeps updated on cGMP and current technologies.
Additional Responsibilities:
Provides scientific and technical direction to junior staff members (scientists I, II, technicians & operators) to ensure project deadlines and performance standards are met.
Identifies, analyzes and suggests corrective actions to optimize R&D processes, technologies and regulatory compliance issues.
Equipment: Becomix, Tube filler, Transdermal and liquid manufacturing equipment.
Reviews Junior Scientist work.

Qualifications

Education:
A Master Degree (MS/MA) in Pharmaceutical, Chemistry or related technical field is preferred
A Bachelors Degree (BA/BS) in Pharmaceutical, Chemistry or related technical field is required.
Experience:
3 years or more experience with a Master Degree in development of Pharmaceutical Dosage Forms is required.
5 years or more experience with a Bachelors of Science in development of Pharmaceutical Dosage Forms is required.
Skills:
Must have knowledge of Pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing process. - Intermediate
Must be precise and consistent in day to day developmental work, easily trainable and ready to learn. - Intermediate
Must be able to effectively communicate reports, problems or issues, verbally as well as in writing. - Intermediate
Must have good oral and written communication skills. - Intermediate
Must be able to work in a team environment and be flexible to easily adapt to changes in assignments. - Intermediate
Must follow safe practices as defined by the SOP's and MSDS. - Intermediate
Must be willing to work extended hours as and when required. - Intermediate
Strong interpersonal skills and maintaining cooperative working relationships with others. - Intermediate
Managing multiple projects, duties and assignments. - Intermediate
Specialized Knowledge:
Must possess in depth knowledge and trouble shooting skills with Wurster Bottom Spray Fluid Bed Processors from lab scale to Commercial scale.
Must possess expertise with the use and optimization of extrusion and spheronization manufacturing techniques.
Must have a good understanding of complex modified release dosage forms.
Must Possess in-depth knowledge of the operation and troubleshooting skills for various lab scale equipment to production scale equipment: including Blenders, granulators, planetary mixers, fluid bed dryers, fluid bed coaters, incubators, mills, vibrorotatory sifters, encapsulation equipment (Manual to fully automatic), tablet presses and tablet coaters, roller compaction, packaging.
Works independently once assignments and responsibilities are outlined and delegated. Effective in oral and written communication skills at all levels and cross functionally.

Primary Location: US-NJ-Piscataway
Work Locations: Piscataway 49 49 Colonial Drive Piscataway 08854
Job: Research & Analytics
Organization: Scientific Affairs
Schedule: Regular
Shift: Standard
Employee Status: Individual Contributor
Job Type: Full-time
Job Level: 1st Shift
Travel: No
Job Posting: Dec 4, 2019, 10:41:34 AM",3.1,"Amneal Pharmaceuticals
3.1","Piscataway, NJ",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2002,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
48,"Senior Data Engineer-Remote, anywhere in the US",$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

At Optiv, we’re on a mission to help our clients make their businesses more secure. We’re one of the fastest growing companies in a truly essential industry.

In your role at Optiv, you’ll be inspired by a team of the brightest business and technical minds in cyber security. We are passionate champions for our clients, and know from experience that the best solutions for our clients’ needs come from working hard together. As part of our team, your voice matters, and you will do important work that has impact, on people, businesses and nations. Our industry and our company move fast, and you can be sure that you will always have room to learn and grow. We’re proud of our team and the important work we do to build confidence for a more connected world.

Job Description

Responsibilities and skills include:
Build data pipelines to automate batch and real-time data delivery through StreamSets’ streaming data platform to data lakes, warehouses, analytical and machine learning applications
Develop applications from ground up using a modern technology stack including Python, Spark, Scala, RDS, NoSQL, Graph databases, ElasticSearch, Splunk
Integrate and ship code into AWS and Azure cloud Production environments
Build and utilize APIs and data delivery services that support critical operational and analytical applications for customers
Transform complex analytical models into scalable, production-ready solutions
Customer facing role – Walk thru to white boarding of architecture and implementation planning to stakeholders
Qualifications

Qualifications
College degree or/equivalent and 5 years' related work experience, required
At least 3 years of experience in Python, Scala, or Java
At least 3 years of experience building data pipelines in StreamSets
At least 3 years of experience utilizing SQL in data solutions
2-3 years’ experience with AWS, Azure, and/or GCP
5+ years of experience delivering data solutions using open-source components
5+ years of experience utilizing SQL in data solutions
3+ years of experience utilizing Gremlin or SPARQL in graph database solutions
Experience taking technical ownership over projects
Experience with the following technologies is highly desirable: Redshift (w/Spectrum), Hadoop, Apache NiFi, Airflow, Apache Kafka, Apache Superset, Flask, Node.js, Express, AWS EMR, Scala, Tableau, Looker, Dremio
Experience with service-oriented architecture for cloud-based services.
Experience and exposure to threat modeling and design reviews to assess security implications and requirements for introduction of new technologies.
Experience representing technical viewpoints to diverse audiences and in making timely and prudent technical risk decisions.
Experience with enterprise architecture and working as part of a cross-functional team to implement solutions.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills; ability to work in a team environment
Ability to work independently with minimal direction; self-starter/self-motivated
Technical writing experience
Additional Information

Why you’ll love it here:

If you are seeking a culture that supports growth, fosters success and moves the industry forward, find your place at Optiv! As a market-leading provider of cyber security solutions, Optiv has the most comprehensive ecosystem of security products and partners to deliver unparalleled services. Our rich and successful history with our clients is based on trust, serving more than 12,000 clients of varying sizes and industries, including commercial, government and education. We have the proven expertise to plan, build, and run successful security programs across Risk Management, Cyber Digital Transformation, Threat Management, Security Operations – Managed Services and Identity and Data Management. Optiv remains committed to championing Diversity, Equality and Inclusion within our organization and throughout the industry.

With Optiv you can expect:
Work/life balance. We offer “Recharge” a flexible, time-off program that encourages eligible employees to take the time they need to recharge
Professional training resources, including tuition reimbursement
Creative problem-solving and the ability to tackle unique, complex projects
Volunteer Opportunities. “Optiv Chips In” encourages employees to volunteer and engage with their teams and communities.
The ability and technology necessary to productively work remote/from home (where applicable)
Optiv is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, status as an individual with a disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.

#LI-PS1",2.7,"Optiv
2.7","Columbia, MD",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2015,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
49,Data Scientist l,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist l

Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
New York - New York, NY
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
4 Year Degree
Salary Range
Undisclosed
Travel Percentage
None
Job Shift
Undisclosed
Job Category
Information Technology
Description
Greater New York Mutual Insurance Company (""GNY"") is an A+ rated, financially stable and growing property casualty insurance company with locations throughout the Northeast.

We are currently looking for a dynamic and highly motivated Data Scientist for our New York office.

Responsibilities:
Provide innovative solutions on big data by utilizing machine learning techniques
Develop, implement, and maintain predictive and machine learning models
Utilizing machine learning techniques on pricing refinement, claims insights, and business decisions
Provide visualization solutions for portfolio management
Present business solutions based on machine learning models to senior management
Qualifications
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree obtained from an accredited institution preferably in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Actuarial, or a related field
3-5 years of professional experience specialized in machine learning
Strong background in data science, machine learning, and visualization
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms including classification, clustering, regression, decision tree, random forest, neural networks, deep learning etc.
Proficient in R, Python, SQL, VBA, Tableau
Excellent oral and written communication skills",3.8,"GNY Insurance Companies
3.8","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1914,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
50,STAFF SCIENTIST,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position: Staff Scientist

Requisition Number: 2020-2410-09

S&ME is an employee-owned engineering firm that provides civil, geotechnical, environmental, planning, landscape architecture, survey and construction services. Consistently ranked in the top 100 of ENR's Top 500 Design Firms, our markets are diverse and include transportation, energy, water/wastewater, commercial development, industry, healthcare, education and government. We recruit top talent and are currently seeking a Staff Scientist to join our team in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

The individual will perform field and office work associated with environment evaluations. Field work will include: soil sampling, groundwater sampling, surface water sampling, sediment sampling, wetland delineations, stream classifications, and fauna/flora identification. Other responsibilities include completing data entry to capture field activities, and the preparation of standard environmental reports. This individual will be expected to maintain knowledge of, and compliance with, regulatory requirements by attending environmental or natural resources training courses, or other in-house trainings. This position will require some travel and overnight stays.

Qualifications:
BS in environmental science, geology, biology, chemistry or related field;
2-4 years field experience in related field;
Ability to work outdoors in varying weather conditions;
Ability and willingness to accommodate overnight and out-of-town assignments;
Good technical writing, verbal communication, and computer skills.
This is a full-time position with competitive pay based on experience. Successful candidate must meet requirements of the company's Fleet Management Program, Substance Policy and Reference Check program. Submit resume, cover letter, and salary expectations for consideration. Only qualified candidates with acceptable employment eligibility verification (I-9) will be considered. Visa assistance not provided. S&ME reserves the right to fill this position with an internal or external candidate at any time during the search. S&ME is not responsible for unauthorized job postings or submissions of resumes using external links/websites.

No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.

An Equal Opportunity Employer.

Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

Job Posted by ApplicantPro",3.6,"S&ME, Inc.
3.6","Chattanooga, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1973,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
51,"Director, Oncology R&D, Clinical Scientist",$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join a Legacy of Innovation 110 Years and Counting!

With over 100 years of scientific expertise and a presence in more than 20 countries, Daiichi Sankyo and its 15,000 employees around the world draw upon a rich legacy of innovation and a robust pipeline of promising new medicines to help people. In addition to a strong portfolio of medicines for hypertension and thrombotic disorders, under the Group’s 2025 Vision to become a “Global Pharma Innovator with a Competitive Advantage in Oncology,” Daiichi Sankyo research and development is primarily focused on bringing forth novel therapies in oncology, including immuno-oncology, with additional focus on new horizon areas, such as pain management, neurodegenerative diseases, heart and kidney diseases, and other rare diseases.

Job Summary:

Oversees one or more trials of medium to high complexity in design and geographic scope. Such trials could be pivotal for submission; Prepares clinical section of regulatory documents; Oversees management and performance of CRO; Participates in creation of developmental and regulatory strategy; Drafts protocol profiles and sections of key submission documents; Point of contact for interactions with regulatory-agency clinical reviewing divisions on clinical matters; Represents Clinical Development in Project Teams, possibly as Global Clinical Lead.

Responsibilities:

Study Strategy: Clinical study leader (CSL) or major scientific/medical contributor; For large or complex Phase 2 studies: Provides the strategic direction to BD&O for EDC, edit checks, data quality listings, SAP, DM plan, Reviews patient population and protocol compliance for consistency with study strategy, Develops biomarker strategy in collaboration with TMCP, Collaborates with external KOLs to refine study plans; Prepares and participate in regulatory agency meetings, if applicable.

Study planning and execution: As CSL for Phase 2 studies: Provides input on major milestones of trial, clinical trial plan and contingency planning, Analyzes, updates management on potential risks to study deliverables, Provides input on ICF creation, Oversees recruitment, retention; establishes and implement contingency plans for shortfalls, Consults & recruits members for DSMB and/or adjudication committee setup; Interacts with KOLs and PIs to plan study and monitor completion.

Study outputs: For Phase 2 studies: Drafts responses to IRBs and HA, Collaborates with TMCP to ensure appropriate biomarker, PK / PD measurements, Reviews emerging clinical data regularly, Leads dose-escalation meetings, Performs quality assessment with delivery lead e.g. review TLG before DBL, and quality check of data, Works with BD&O to ensure SAP updates; Responsible for valid clinical interpretation of study results as Clinical Study Leader, medical monitor or regional clinical/Translational Medicine and Clinical Pharmacology representative.

External collaboration: Develops and leads external advisory panels to advise on Phase 2 study strategy, design, and conduct; Interacts with KOLs for indication specific advice; Leads broad collaboration with KOLs or major institution, e.g. NCI.

Scientific, Program related: Integrated Study Team (IST) representative: Creates early development plan and contributes to overall development Strategy; Develops program biomarker strategy; Achieves endorsement for plan by function and team; Interprets and react accordingly to new preclinical/clinical data(e.g.; Go/No Go decisions, reprioritization, etc.); Operational Project Team (OPT) leader; Responsible before the IST for the creation and execution of development strategy for a program .

People Management: Direct reports management - Hire and retain high quality (Team) members; Ensure team members have updated development plans and provide them with necessary means to achieve their personal development goals; Review annual goals with team members; Prepare annual performance reviews for direct reports and provide them with feedback.

Additional non-study related activities: Initiates contact w/KOL and prepare material for KOL interactions on a program-based need; Peripheral involvement in Business Development activities for late stage compounds Involvement with in-licensing and acquisitions on individual due diligence activities; Contributor to portfolio decisions.

Qualifications: Successful candidates will be able to meet the qualifications below with or without a reasonable accommodation.

Education/Experience:

PharmD, PhDor equivalent; Postgraduate training in TA or related specialty. MD acceptable. Highly desirable. 3 Years relevant clinical experience

Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.1,"Daiichi Sankyo, Inc.
3.1","Basking Ridge, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1899,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
52,Senior Genomic Data Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"GeneDx is seeking a Senior Genomic Data Scientist

GeneDx is a rapidly-growing, diverse clinical laboratory in Gaithersburg, MD that provides molecular diagnosis for genetic disorders. GeneDx is recruiting for a full-time Senior Genomic Data Scientist. This scientist will work as part of a team to develop techniques and software for genomic and phenomic data analysis. The successful candidate must be self-motivated and able to work both independently and as part of a small team.

To learn more about GeneDx, please visit our website at www.genedx.com.

Responsibilities include:
Develop and use bioinformatics tools to process, analyze, and interpret DNA, datasets resulting from NGS, array-based, and other technologies
Ongoing assessment and incorporation of relevant public and commercial analytical tools and the development of novel methods as needed
Create methods to interpret the biological impact of genetic variants
Improve existing data pipelines to further automate internal workflows
Collaborate with the engineering team to develop large-scale data processing pipelines
Collaborate internally on software development and/or statistical analysis for scientific research
Contribute development and expertise for ad-hoc analysis on interdisciplinary company projects

Qualifications include:
MS or PhD in Genetics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science or a related field
3+ years relevant professional experience including analysis of genetic data
Proficiency in Python or another major scripting language
Working knowledge of command-line Linux, shell scripting, and HPC/cloud computing (SLURM, SGE, AWS, Azure or similar)
Working knowledge of relational databases (PostgreSQL or similar) preferred
Experience with Git, SVN or other version control software plus other best practices for software development preferred
Familiarity with next-generation sequencing (NGS) data and related tools (Samtools, GATK, etc.) and other genetic assay data (e.g. aCGH)
Prior experience with human genetics

Benefits include:
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Health, dental, vision, life insurance, LT/ST disability plans
Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
Health Savings Account (HSA)
401K retirement savings plan with company match
Employee Discounts
Regular performance appraisals
Many promotions from within
Business casual dress code
Telecommuting options available",2.8,"GeneDx
2.8","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
53,Bioinformatics Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description: *
The successful candidate will develop bioinformatics pipelines and analysis software to support clinical assays. As part of this role the candidate will collaborate with staff from the clinical laboratory, research & development and IT/Engineering. Scientist will provide data analysis support for the R&D group during assay development. He/She will be called upon to analyze problems, and provide algorithmic solutions. Candidate will continually evaluate new open source and commercial bioinformatics software, to identify the best solutions for the lab. The bioinformatics scientist will collect user requirements and specifications from various groups. Candidate must have experience in good software documentation practices, included the process of developing documentation to execute installation qualifications, performance qualifications, and operational qualifications. This position will be responsible for training laboratory staff, and in maintaining the bioinformatics pipelines in the production environment. Candidate will stay apprised of relevant bioinformatics literature.
Requirements: *
Experience developing NGS analysis pipelines for a CLIA/CAP approved laboratory.
Software development in a Linux based environment and must be an expert user in shell programming.
Experience developing software for both the cloud (AWS) and for SGE high performance clusters.
Experience in a high-level programming or scripting language such as Python, Java, perl, C.
Experience interacting with LIMS system and integrating pipelines with LIMS systems.
Experience with various bioinformatics tools for variant calling and alignments.
Background in statistical analysis a plus.
Experience working in an Agile development environment.
Some experience performing wetlab work a plus.
Minimum PhD, MS + 2 years.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
License:
PhD (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible",-1,OME Wellness,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
54,NGS Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"ArsenalBio’s mission is to develop efficacious and safe cellular therapies for patients with chronic diseases, initially cancer. Our products are being designed to herald the transition of adoptive cell therapy from a hospital based treatment to outpatient therapy, like most other cancer treatments. Our people are our greatest asset, they bring scientific talents in molecular biology, immunology, pharmacology, protein chemistry, computational biology, automation, genome engineering, software and other fields to make the future happen now.

We are seeking an outstanding scientist to drive next-generation sequencing sample preparation and analysis methods. The ideal candidate will have a broad understanding of NGS and its applications and a proven track record of developing innovative NGS protocols to solve complex biological problems. As a strong technical contributor, this role will collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to advance ArsenalBio research.
What You Will Do
Advance NGS technology utilization and understanding across the company
Create NGS libraries from single cells, tissues, and isolated DNA/RNA to drive both product and platform development
Develop new NGS library preparation strategies for bulk and single-cell applications
Contribute NGS expertise and leadership to cross-disciplinary product/platform development teams
Work closely with computational biologists to interpret data generated by novel and optimized assay schemes
Write protocols, develop procedures, and maintain accurate records
What You Will Bring
Ph.D. (preferred) or Masters in a relevant scientific discipline, with 6+ years of full-time, hands-on NGS experience in an academic or industrial setting
Deep understanding of NGS library preparation workflows, the principles of sequencing technologies, and NGS data analysis
Experience in single-cell genomics (preferred), high-content screening, or functional genomics
Significant experience in troubleshooting, method development, and optimization of molecular biology-based assays including qPCR, RT-qPCR, ddPCR, molecular cloning, gene editing, primer design, and nucleic acid isolation and manipulation
Experience operating liquid handling robots or other lab automation for high-throughput assays
Familiarity with cell culture, cell staining, fluorescence microscopy, flow cytometry, and cell sorting
Entrepreneurial behaviors demonstrated by agility, accountability, transparency, resourcefulness, and ability to get things done
Ability to quickly learn new skills and knowledge on the job, demonstrate productivity and deliver high-quality results
Flexible mind with a creative approach to problem-solving and comfort in working with ambiguous data in an open-ended, exploratory process
Demonstrated ability to perform as a team player


We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status

To all recruitment agencies: ArsenalBio does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, or Arsenalbio employees. ArsenalBio is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.",5.0,"Arsenal Biosciences
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
55,Senior Big Data Engineer,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want to be part of the transformation that's pushing forward a truly data-driven company? Are you ready to collaborate and innovate with a team responsible for changing the customer experience using the latest technologies? As a Senior Big Data Engineer on the GEICO IT squad, you’ll thrive in a fast-paced innovative culture that turns data into information and uses that information to drive action. One focus is our Single View of the Customer (SVOC) initiative. As part of this team you will be designing, creating, and populating customer centric data stores necessary for deriving valuable insights in real time to provide tailored customer experiences. As a senior engineer you will have the opportunity to mentor more junior associates and help grow our team.
When you first join our SVOC team, you will have opportunity to come up to speed on the innovative technologies we use to develop SVOC!

Basic Qualifications:

o At least 2 years as a Big Data Engineer/Developer on the Hadoop Ecosystem, with experience in data profiling and transformations
o At least 2 years of experience using Spark core, or Spark SQL,
o Experience with core Java (and/or Scala, Python)
o Experience with NoSQL databases such as HBase, Cassandra, or MongoDB
o Proficient in designing efficient and robust ETL/ELT workflows, schedulers, and event-based triggers
o Strong critical thinking, decision making, and problem-solving skills
o Excellent verbal/written communication skills, including communicating technical issues to non-technical audiences
o A Bachelor's degree in a computer related field or equivalent professional experience is required

Preferred Skills:

o Exposure to Spark Streaming and Machine Learning
o Exposure to Data Mining, Data Engineering, and Data Modeling
o Exposure to Graph Databases
Note: The safety of our associates, both current and future, is GEICO’s highest priority. At this time, most of our associates are working remotely due to the current COVID-19 pandemic. Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area. Once GEICO determines it is safe for associates to return to the office, candidates may be required to work in our Chevy Chase, MD office.

About GEICO

For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
GEICO Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply

Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.

#DI-AT

#GDOORIT
#LI-AT1",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Chevy Chase, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
56,Research Scientist or Principal Research Scientist - Signal Processing,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories (MERL, http://www.merl.com) located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA, invites qualified candidates to apply for the position of Research Scientist or Principal Research Scientist in the Computational Sensing Team within the Signal Processing Group. Successful candidates will be expected to perform original, relevant research in the broad area of computational sensing. Focus on a particular application area is desired but not necessary. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to, array signal processing, coherent optical systems, computational imaging, sensor fusion, and inverse problems. Additionally, experience with machine learning methods and their application to the above sensing areas is desired.

The Signal Processing Group at MERL conducts research that encompasses a wide range of work in the areas of sensing, estimation, localization, inverse problems, sparse reconstruction, array signal processing, and communications. Within the Signal Processing Group the Computational Sensing Team explores novel approaches for signal acquisition and sensing, methods to filter and recover signals in the presence of noise and other degrading factors, and techniques that infer meaning from the processed signals and fusing signals from multiple sensing modalities.

At MERL, researchers have wide latitude to set their own path and pursue their passions. We are proud to foster an environment that values both fundamental scientific contributions and their application to real business. MERL provides a unique level of freedom and flexibility among industrial research labs.

As a member of our staff, you will be identifying new problems and solutions that have broad application and are fundamentally useful both in the field of signal processing and for the parent company. You will conduct innovative research and publish your results in selective peer-reviewed conferences and journals.

The successful candidate will bring an independent research agenda and a track record commensurate with experience, and be willing and able to form and work within interdisciplinary R&D teams. This is a position with the opportunity to shape and drive a corporate R&D agenda, impact the academic research field, and guide Mitsubishi Electric businesses and products. Additional opportunities may include strategic planning, mentoring and supervision of technical staff and interns, and establishment of academic partnerships.

Qualifications for this position are:
A Ph.D. from an internationally-recognized institution in electrical engineering, applied mathematics, computer science or equivalent.
Knowledge of modern signal processing, sensing and inference theory, modelling, machine learning, and experience with real world data and its applications.
Ability to rapidly implement and test algorithms and system designs.
A strong publication record in leading conferences and journals, consistent with experience.
A record for independently proposing and executing research programs.
Strong teamwork, communication, listening, writing, and presentation skills.",3.8,"Mitsubishi Electric Research Labs
3.8","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1991,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Research & Development,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
57,Senior Data Engineer,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"AutoPets, the inventor, manufacturer, and retailer of the Litter-Robot, Feeder-Robot, and Litterbox.com, is an international leader in developing highly functional pet products that make pet care easier and more enjoyable. Launched in 2000 by founder and CEO Brad Baxter, the Litter-Robot is the highest-rated automatic, self-cleaning litter box on the market. AutoPets is a 2017-2020 Inc. 5000 company based in Auburn Hills, Michigan and Juneau, Wisconsin, with 125+ passionate employees who are dedicated to improving the future of pet care. If we sound like a team you’re interested in joining, keep reading!

AutoPets is seeking an experienced *Senior* *Data Engineer* to partner with the CFO and Information Technology team to lead AutoPets’ efforts in building its first business intelligence platform. We are looking for a passionate data junkie who loves digging into data sources, extracting key information from these systems, engineering solutions, analyzing results and wants to blaze the trail building a business intelligence platform from the ground up. AutoPets is a group of passionate engineers, product developers and marketers, who are data hungry and ready for a company-wide solution to inform the business decisions of its key stakeholders.
Responsibilities*
Partner with multiple stakeholders to deliver end-to-end analytics solutions
Develop both short and long-term solutions to ensure our key stakeholders have the data they need for today and tomorrow
Architect an Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) using best-in-class tools and technology
Design and implement efficient data pipelines in order to integrate data from a variety of sources into a EDW.
Determine reporting needs and integrate with business intelligence visualization tools
Assess and understand underlying architecture of our eCommerce, Fulfillment, and Robot-operational databases and implement changes to support better reporting
Design and implement backfill or other warehouse data management processes
Develop and execute testing strategies to ensure high quality warehouse data that reconciled with financial statements
Provide documentation, training, and consulting for data warehouse users
Provide input and feedback to support continuous improvement in the evolution of the data warehouse
High-Level 2-Year Scope of Projects*
Build a best-in-class data warehouse using current technology (Snowflake, Redshift, Big Query)
Assessment and mapping of all key data sources including Magento, SAP, Salesforce and in-house systems
Extract, transform and load key data sources to the Data Warehouse using a Saas tool (Fivetran, Segment, Strict)
Implementation of a visualization tool (Looker, Tableau, etc)
Build-out and automation of dashboards containing KPIs across all departments
Requirements*
Degree in math, statistics, computer science, or equivalent technical field
5+ years in a Data Engineering or Data Warehousing role
5+ years experience in an e-Commerce, direct-to-consumer company, including familiarity working with customer data (lifetime value, customer acquisition cost, churn rate, etc.)
3-5 years experience as an Analyst using data to interpret business trends and make recommendations to leaders
Experience with big data technologies (Snowflake, Redshift, Hive, etc.)
Experience with ETL fundamentals and building efficient data pipelines
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and MySQL
Highly knowledgeable in data warehouse methodologies and models (Inmon / Kimball)
Experience with cloud services: Google and/or AWS
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages (Python, PHP, Java, C++, Scala, etc)
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
We are following all State mandated guidelines.

Experience:
big data technologies (Snowflake, Redshift, Hive, etc.): 1 year (Preferred)
ETL fundamentals and building efficient data pipelines: 1 year (Preferred)
Data Engineering or Data Warehousing: 5 years (Required)
relational SQL and NoSQL databases: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
Auburn Hills, MI 48326 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
https://www.litter-robot.com/about-us.html
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",5.0,"AutoPets
5.0","Auburn Hills, MI",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
58,"Environmental - Geologist, Scientist or Engineer (CAMPUS)",$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Antea USA, Inc. (Antea®Group) is seeking motivated, detail-orientedgraduates for entry level Environmental Scientist, Geologist or Engineer roles forSpring 2021 opportunities in various office locations throughout the United States.

Qualified individuals must have strong organizational and communication skills (both verbal and written), and a desire to work in a fast-paced environment with a strong technical support team. This safety-sensitive position reports to a project manager and will support project teams on a variety of assignments including site remediation activities, technical and safety oversight of subcontractors, permitting, Phase I and Phase II Environmental Site Assessments, and health and safety audit support. Tasks will include preparing work and health and safety plans; conducting soil and groundwater investigations and sampling; remediation system operation and maintenance; data entry, management and analysis; and the preparation of reports in a variety of formats.

This is a full-time position with 70% - 80% of travel anticipated. This may require working alone in remote locations and/or out of state work supporting other company offices.

Antea®Group focuses strongly upon safety in all aspects of our operations, in the field, the office, and while traveling. The successful candidate must likewise consider safety as paramount and demonstrate an awareness of safe operations, and be willing to accommodate long or non-standard work hours on a project by project basis.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and Training
BS in Geology / Hydrogeology / Engineering / Environmental Sciences / Health and Safety or related major
Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Excel
Minimum 0– 3 years of applicable environmental experience
This position requires a 40-hour HAZWOPER OSHA certification. While current certification is desirable, it is not required to apply. HAZWOPER training will be provided upon employment if the successful candidate(s) is/are not already certified
Experience& Fundamental Skill Set
Strong mechanical, organizational and communication skills
Strong time, project task management, and decision-making skills
Able to work independently, troubleshoot mechanical issues and produce results with attention to details
Ability to multi-task with multiple project managers
Interest and motivation to diversify skill set
Familiarity with state and federal environmental regulatory framework
Potential employees must pass a company-paid physical examination, drug-screen and have a valid driver's license
Physical Requirements / Work Environment - Maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities, which may include the following:

Sedentary to light work (typical office or administrative work)
Frequently required to stand, sit and walk for extended periods of time
Occasional lifting and carrying of low (under 25lbs) to moderate (25-49lbs) weight objects
Repetitive motions: substantial movements (motions) of the wrists, hands, and/or fingers (including reaching)
Subject to inside environmental conditions (protection from weather conditions but not necessarily from temperature change)
Operation of a motor vehicle
Additionally, if you are assigned work in the field at client project sites you will need to complete a medical surveillance/fitness-for-duty examination and maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities which may include the following:

Medium to heavy work
Subject to outside environmental conditions: heat/cold, wind, wet and/or humid, etc.
Occasional stooping (bending body downward and forward), kneeling (bending legs at knee), crouching (bending body downward and forward) and climbing
Frequent lifting (including push/pull, hold/carry) of light, moderate and possibly heavy weight objects
Subject to hazards, including a variety of physical conditions, including but not limited to proximity to moving vehicles, parts or equipment; exposure to chemicals; pressure (including noise); electrical hazards; biological hazards; excavation/trenching; confined spaces; elevated work; materials handling
May be required to wear an air purifying respirator
Antea®Group offers competitive benefits including paid vacation, paid holidays and paid sick leave.

Antea USA, Inc. (Antea®Group) is an EEO/AA Employer

Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity and other protected categories

NO RECRUITERS PLEASE/NO VISA SPONSORSHIP AT THIS TIME",3.9,"Antea Group
3.9",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1986,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
59,SR BIOINFORMATICS SCIENTIST OB/GYN RESEARCH,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Bioinformatics Scientist OB/GYN Research Needed!

This is a unique opportunity to conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects for Inova, the region’s leading non-profit healthcare provider in the Northern Virginia area recognized in 2019 by U.S. News & World Report.

Position Highlights:
• Recognized leader: 923-bed nationally recognized regional medical center.
• Team Member centric: We create an environment or respect and growth, where contributions are recognized and rewarded.

What You Will Do:
• Conduct bioinformatic analysis on research projects.
• Develop new analytic approaches to complex human diseases, such as cancer, diabetes and heart disease.
What You Will Need:
• Candidates for this position will have an MD, Ph.D. or Master’s in Computer Science, Bioinformatics or related field.
• Experience working with large scale biomedical data and hands on experience developing software or information systems to manage and analyze biomedical data.
• PREFERRED: Hands-on experience working with Next and Third generation sequence data, proteomic data and microarray data from a tremendous breadth of clinical areas to gain new insights into human disease.
• Ability to interact with team members for project coordination
• Excellent verbal and written communication skills
• Strong software development skills
• Experience working with terabytes of translational biomedical data
• Strong informatics skills to include the use of programming and/or scripting languages such as Python, Perl, java, C/C++, and R.
• A Strong knowledge base of bioinformatics principles

M/F/Vets/Disabled
IND2
#LI-BQ1

IND2
#LI-KD1

Requirements

MD, PhD or Masters in Computer science, Bioinformatics or related field.

At Inova, safety is the foundation of everything we do. You’re always safe at Inova.

Our commitment to quality starts with the safety of our team members. We safeguard our patients, by safeguarding our employees.

Our commitment to keeping patients safe, means there’s no safer place for you to work.

 Inova is well stocked with the best and latest PPE

 Masks are provided to patients entering our buildings, and offered free to visitors

 Covid-19 patients are isolated in dedicated areas

 Inova operates curbside Covid-19 testing sites that are far removed from the main facilities

 All team members are trained in the latest screening guidelines

Work Site Location

INOVA FAIRFAX MEDICAL CAMPUS",3.5,"Inova Health System
3.5","Falls Church, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1956,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
60,Data Architect/Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Member of Technical Staff – DATA ARCHITECT / SCIENTIST
US, Home Office

US Citizen or Permanent Resident

Wind River

In a world increasingly driven by software innovation, Wind River is pioneering the technologies to accelerate the digital transformation of our customers with a new generation of Mission Critical AI Systems in an AI-first world with the most exacting standards for safety, security, performance, and reliability. Success will be determined by our ability to innovate with velocity and sell at the solutions level.


ABOUT THE OPPORTUNITY

Wind River Systems is seeking an experienced high-performing senior software engineer for a position developing a hybrid cloud-based data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence platform.

The successful candidate will join a highly skilled development team delivering internal and external tools and technologies across a complete analytics driven DevSecOps platform, pioneering many new industry leading capabilities.

This is a data science all-rounder role. The core purpose of the role is to build models to improve the product, the customer experience and ultimately the business.


Interface & Collaboration

The successful candidate will collaborate with development and customer facing teams to ensure high levels of intuitive usability and product quality.

Responsibilities
Conceive, devise, create, implement and fine tune data science models to solve a range of development and systems problems
Help devise and layout a high-quality infrastructure, upon which future data science can flourish
Help up skill other analytical team members into advanced data science techniques
Produce ad hoc analyses
Deliver cloud analytics solutions across a wide portfolio of class-leading products, in many industry verticals.
Extract data from development tools like Gitlab, Jenkins, JIRA, and many more.
Extracting data from real devices in the labs and the real world – planes, trains and automobiles
Develop new user interfaces and reporting options for these tools
Ensure security of all data
And let's be honest, a whole load of data wrangling!


ABOUT YOU

Core Competencies, Demonstrated Success & Qualifications
BSc / MSc degree (Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering) or equivalent work experience
US Citizen or Permanent Resident
Blend of technical expertise and soft skills including business acumen, decision making, well developed oral and written communication skills
Demonstrable skills in SQL, Python and R
Data science models (K-means, random Forrest, neural nets, etc.)
Strong foundational knowledge in stats and mathematics
Experience converting data models into products for real customers
Experience with Nifi / Kafka / Postgres / Hadoop / Linux
Familiarity with Real Time Operating Systems (RTOS)
Experience in autonomous systems development is a plus
3+ years of experience of big data analytics
6+ years working in software development arena",4.1,"Wind River
4.1","Seattle, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
61,Medical Laboratory Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Summary:

Performs and interprets tests at all complexity levels. Demonstrates an understanding of the theory and scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural and problem solving aspects. Correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathological states, determines the validity of test results and the need for additional tests. Determines the validity of test results through the monitoring and/or verifying of quality controls, standards, etc. Communicates test results, reference ranges, specimen requirements, and other pertinent information to authorized sources.

Job Responsibilities:

Follows the laboratory's procedures for specimen handling and processing, test analyses, reporting and maintaining records of patient test results.
Performs laboratory testing in a compliant manner.
Maintains regulatory knowledge and awareness as it pertains to specific job duties.
Adheres to the laboratory's quality control policies, document all quality control activities, instrument and procedural calibrations and maintenance performed.
Assumes responsibility for and takes action regarding any quality control or quality assurance issues as it pertains to specific job duties.
Maintains instruments and equipment in accordance with manufacturer’s specifications.
Assumes responsibility for good documentation practices and maintains clear and legible records.
Performs proficiency testing in compliance with Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) regulations i.e. analyze proficiency survey sample in the same manner as a patient specimens, no communication with other CLIA laboratories, complete record retention and accurate documentation and result reporting.
Assumes responsibility for participation in continuing education, professional development and required annual competency assessment.
Follows the laboratory's established policies and procedures whenever test systems are not within the laboratory's established acceptable levels of performance.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or reporting of test results and either must correct the problems or immediately notify the General Supervisor, Technical Supervisor, Clinical Consultant, or Laboratory Director.
Exercises good judgment, analytical and problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Recommends solutions and improvements.
Documents all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory's established performance specifications.
May function in an educator and provides instruction and training in theory, technical skills, safety protocols, and the application of laboratory test protocols to students, employees, residents, etc.
Other duties as assigned.
Follows Hospital and department policies and procedures with special attention to attendance and punctuality, confidentiality, dress code and display of ID badge, and safety.
Completes mandatory education and training in order to maintain organization and department-specific competencies and requirements.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from a four-year college or university.
One year training in approved program with registry/certification at Medical Technologist/ Clinical Laboratory Scientist level (MLS or MT) or registry eligible.
OR
Meets the CLIA qualifications for high complexity testing personnel grandfathering clauses.
See Code of Federal Regulations, Title 42, §493.1489(b)(3), §493.1489(b)(4), §493.1489(b)(5), §493.1491 Standards; High Complexity Testing Personnel Qualifications.
Diploma and/or transcripts must be provided.
Education will be verified.
Education outside of the United States requires diploma/transcripts translated into English and proof of foreign equivalency from by an HHS approved agency or nationally recognized organization such as NACES (National Association Credential Evaluation Services, Inc.) or AICE (Association of International Credential Evaluators, Inc.).

Languages:

Certifications:

Certification as a Medical Technologist (MT) or certification eligible preferred upon hire, from the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP) or American Medical Technologists (AMT).
Certification must be obtained within one year of hire.

Complexity of Work:

Requires critical thinking skills, decisive judgment and the ability to work unsupervised or with minimal supervision.
Must be able to work in a stressful environment and take appropriate action.

Work Experience:

None required.

Physical Requirements:

Physical demands include: Visual acuity to study specimens under a microscope.
The ability to distinguish colors.
Fine motor skills and manual dexterity to handle specimens and lab equipment required to process specimens and repair equipment.
May be required to stand for long periods of time.
Light lifting may be required.
May be exposed to hazardous chemicals, biohazards, radioactive materials, etc.

Personal Protective Equipment:

Follows Standard Precautions using personal protective equipment as required.

The policy of Cleveland Clinic and its system hospitals (Cleveland Clinic) is to provide equal opportunity to all of our employees and applicants for employment in our tobacco free and drug free environment. All offers of employment are followed by testing for controlled substance and nicotine. Job offers will be rescinded for candidates for employment who test positive for nicotine. Candidates for employment who are impacted by Cleveland Clinic’s Smoking Policy will be permitted to reapply for open positions after 90 days. Decisions concerning employment, transfers and promotions are made upon the basis of the best qualified candidate without regard to color, race, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, ancestry, status as a disabled or Vietnam era veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. Information provided on this application may be shared with any Cleveland Clinic facility.

Cleveland Clinic is pleased to be an equal employment employer: Women/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities",3.8,"Cleveland Clinic
3.8","Akron, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1921,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
62,Sr. Scientist,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description:

JOB SUMMARY

Contribute to the overall success of GRAM’s analytical operations on behalf of our customers through contributing to an efficient Analytical Chemistry group in order to develop and transfer drugs into the GRAM facility. This role is responsible to create and oversee various studies including troubleshooting and problem solving for customer products. The individual will develop, transfer and validate analytical methods to support clinical and commercial manufacturing of sterile drug products.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Provide expertise in chromatography and spectrometry.
Solve complex analytical problems as well as recommend/implement continuous laboratory improvements.
Provide expertise in ICH Stability and test method development and validation.
Provide expertise in USP analytical method requirements.
Participate in discussions and recommend capital equipment investments for the department.
Deliver on departmental strategy through innovation, use of automation, and efficiency.
Work effectively in a team to achieve goals.
Communicate effectively in written and oral form. Write detailed scientific reports with full experimental details and give proper presentations.
Maintain clear, detailed, and up-to-date laboratory notebooks according to internal policies.
Follow safe laboratory practices and comply with EHS, safety officers, and delegates to ensure that the laboratory is a safe environment. Recognizes potential safety issues, discusses them with EHS and management, and takes action to rectify them.
Assume responsibility for laboratory equipment, ensure equipment is properly maintained and serviced.
Work closely with Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Project Management, and Business Development.
Open to a flexible and fluid work environment.
Support Agency, customer and vendor audits as needed.
Responsible for exhibiting professional behavior with both internal/external business associates that reflects positively on the company and is consistent with the company's policies and practices.
Perform all other tasks, projects, and duties as assigned.
. Requirements:

DESIRED SKILLS AND ABILITIES

Advanced analytical chemistry skills (understanding, use, interpretation, and troubleshooting of HPLC, GC, FTIR, and UV).
Extensive knowledge and hands-on experience of drug formulation, and analytical validation for parenteral dosages.
Strong science and reasoning skills. The ability to plan, execute, critically interpret, and track the results from a logical progression of experiments in order to efficiently obtain definitive results.
Demonstrated ability to design and execute experiments using different laboratory instruments independently and author summary reports.
Understanding of pharmaceutical manufacturing and analytical labs in regulated environments under FDA, ICH, and EMA guidelines.
Ability to work with a diverse customer base.
Strong attention to detail; Ability to complete tasks with accuracy and efficiency.
Portrays appropriate levels of integrity and professionalism.
Capable of being the project lead for the Analytical Technical Services team
Excellent written and verbal skills; Ability to communicate effectively with clients, management and staff by exhibiting excellent interpersonal skills.
Energetic, self-motivated, organized individual who is accustomed to working in a deadline-focused, high-pressure entrepreneurial environment.
Results oriented and efficient; Acts with a sense of urgency.
Creative and open-minded individual who fosters an environment in which sharing of ideas is encouraged.
A Leader who is capable of training and overseeing other team members as necessary.
Demonstrates confidence in decision making ability and makes decisions while assessing risks.
Takes accountability and ownership.
Ability to work well independently and in a cross-functional team environment. Efficient team management skills.
Must have proficient computer skills in Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook, Chromatographic Data Systems, and Document Management Systems.
Must be able to communicate in a professional manner with clients and regulatory agencies.

Qualified candidates possess a Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry or closely related field with 5-10 years’ experience, or M.S. in Analytical Chemistry or closely related field with 7-12 years’ experience, knowledge of GLP and cGMP, and direct work experience in a laboratory environment. Equipment qualification/validation experience not required, but preferred",3.5,"Grand River Aseptic Manufacturing
3.5","Grand Rapids, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
63,Sr. Data Engineer,$67k-$111k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team of Data Consultants and work on dynamic long-term projects. The majority of our team members are long-term employees who enjoy consistent work and a collaborative team approach!
Background in computer science and comfortable in programming in a variety of languages, including Java, Python, Scala;
Determining the appropriate software packages or modules to run, and how easily they can be modified;
Handling large scale structured and unstructured data from internal and third-party sources;
Architecting highly scalable distributed data pipelines using open source tools and big data technologies such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Presto, Spark, Drill, Sqoop and ETL frameworks;
Utilizing Linux shell scripting and containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes); and,
Leading teams in a dynamic work environment while managing stakeholder expectations and scope.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree, preferably in technology related disciplines.
Cloud computing platforms such as Azure, AWS, and GCP;
Relational databases and writing SQL queries, evaluating their performance
Strong experience with data processing software in Azure, AWS and GCP
Or Big data machine learning toolkits such as SparkML, messaging systems (Kafka) and NoSQL databases (Cassandra, HBase, MongoDB) desirable
Building data lakes and data pipelines that adhere to our engineering philosophy
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8","Indianapolis, IN",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
64,Staff Data Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Plenty, we're on a mission to give people in local communities everywhere access to the freshest, most amazing tasting produce possible. And to do so in a way that's better for the planet.

About Role


We are looking for a Staff-level Data Scientist to support analyzing full farm processes and system behavior from the top down in order to help create the most efficient farms that the world has ever seen. In this role, using data mining and statistical techniques, you will be analyzing and visualizing data to help improve operational efficiency, minimize farm losses, increase plant yield, and to find patterns amidst chaos. These combined goals will give Plenty's produce global reach at an accessible price, leading to increased produce consumption and raising the quality of living around the world. You will be part of a passionate and dynamic team that is developing new technology from the ground up.

Type of Role


Full-Time

What You'll Do
Understand data needs and construct data pipelines that addresses gaps and provide new information about farm processes and performance
Implement applications, dashboards, and statistical techniques to monitor process control tied to farm health
Define correlations between process parametrics and outcomes that help move plant yield and quality outcomes and improve overall process
Identify metrology gaps in both process parametrics and plant outcomes across farm to enable sensor hardware, firmware and data pipeline development for farm metrology
Own and drive computational modeling (i.e. machine-learning models of farm behavior, image processing for plant phenotypes, predictive models for yield, farm operational, market sizing and demand planning models, etc.)
Own communication and report outs of all analyses
What We're Looking For
BS / MS or Ph.D in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, Math or related degree with relevant experience)
Experience in machine vision
5-7+ years of expertise in using SQL to query messy datasets and to create data pipelines
5-7+ years of experience in R or Python (scripting languages) etc. for analyzing data
5-7+ years of experience of creating informative & interactive data visualizations
Systematic thinker who can balance multiple priorities and master new datasets quickly
Background in computational modeling, data science and analysis, ideally in farm systems, semiconductor or automotive manufacturing, plant breeding or agriculture-oriented industries
Well versed in statistical analysis, SPC, DOE, ANOVA, regressions etc. and able to draw conclusions on the relationships between variables
Exceptional collaborator with strong communication, adaptability, and leadership skills
Strong documenter of code, methods, and results
About Plenty


Plenty is here to change the way people eat, making extraordinary flavor and nutrition more available in a way that's better for people and the planet. We build farms that can put craveable flavor first while delivering exceptional yields. And our produce is always pesticide-free and grown using less than 1% of the land and 5% of the water of outdoor farming.",4.5,"Plenty
4.5","South San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Food Production,Agriculture & Forestry,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
65,"Data Scientist, Transaction Monitoring",$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

Wish is a mobile e-commerce platform that flips traditional shopping on its head. We connect hundreds of millions of people with the widest selection of delightful, surprising, and—most importantly—affordable products delivered directly to their doors. Each day on Wish, millions of customers in more than 160 countries around the world discover new products. For our over 1 million merchant partners, anyone with a good idea and a mobile phone can instantly tap into a global market.

We're fueled by creating unique products and experiences that give people access to a new type of commerce, where all are welcome. If you’ve been searching for a supportive environment to chase your curiosity and use data to investigate the questions that matter most to you, this is the place.

Job Description

We are looking for a Data Scientist who will work cross-functionally with technical and non-technical teams to build models and dashboards to monitor transactions and ensure compliance.

The ideal candidate should be passionate about Wish and e-commerce, has a strong analytical and consultative mindset, deep understanding of databases, visualization, and modeling techniques, and the ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment delivering against tight deadlines, and a passion for scaling transaction monitoring through automation.

What you'll be doing:
Develop dashboards for transaction monitoring
Create recurring data reports and maintain the integrity of the reports
Design, development and evaluation of highly innovative models for transaction monitoring
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation
Work closely with software engineering teams to drive real-time model implementations and new feature creations
Help stakeholders and end-users to best leverage the monitoring system
Develop solutions to optimize transaction monitoring operations
Qualifications
Bachelor's or advanced degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or similar)
3+ years of hands-on experience in predictive modeling and analysis
2+ years Python, R, or Matlab experience
2+ years work experience including business analytics and project management
2+ years experience writing complex SQL queries in a business environment
2+ years experience with Tableau, OBIEE or other visualization tools
2+ years experience operating in a Unix/Linux environment
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in e-commerce, on-line, or payments companies in transaction monitoring functions, especially anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing (AML/CTF) transaction monitoring
Analytical mindset and ability to see the big picture and influence others
Detail-oriented and must have an aptitude for solving unstructured problems
Ability to work effectively in a multi-task, high volume environment
Ability to be adaptable and flexible in responding to deadlines and workflow fluctuations
Hands-on risk and fraud experience strongly preferred
#LI-BD1

Additional Information

Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.",3.5,"Wish
3.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Other Retail Stores,Retail,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
66,Junior Python Developer / Data Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Junior Python Developer / Data Scientist
Valley Forge, PA · Computer/SoftwareApply Now
Are you interested in developing advanced software systems to support national security? At Stratagem, we work with the U.S. Government to solve some of the most challenging problems concerning critical national missions.

Who is Stratagem
Stratagem is a small high-end software technology company that delivers operational solutions and performs advanced R&D for the DoD and Intelligence Community. We are built around the idea that we can make a lasting impact for our customers and employees and believe in a culture of innovation, fun, empowerment, and family. We want you to learn new skills so you can become more fulfilled in both your personal and professional life.

At Stratagem, our goal is to make our company the last company you work for!

Stratagem is hiring passionate, creative, and uniquely talented individuals to join our growing team. We look for candidates with exceptional problem-solving skills, a high level of creativity, and the ability to quickly learn evaluate and deploy new technologies. We also seek out individuals that are clear communicators and support their teammates with a sense of positivity and open-mindedness.

** TS/SCI Clearance with SSBI REQUIRED**
* DOD TOP SECRET or SECRET will be CONSIDERED **
** US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED **

This position, in either Aurora, CO or Valley Forge, PA, is for an early-career Data Scientist or a Python developer interested in transitioning into data science. You will support the development of cutting-edge predictive analytics by creating software tools and curating datasets containing adversarial behaviors (such as vehicle track data).

Responsibilities & Skills

Our ideal candidate is a software engineer or data scientist with experience creating software tools in Python and familiar with Python data science / machine learning libraries (e.g. Pandas, and scikit-learn).

As a Python Developer / Data Scientist, your responsibilities include:
Working with a small team consisting of developers and researchers to implement algorithms for tracking and fusion, and pattern of life software
Identifying statistically relevant features within big datasets to provide analysts with actionable data
Writing, evaluating, and integrating software into the existing architecture
Reviewing relevant publications in order to gain enough of an understanding of the underlying concepts in order to break down key ideas to government customers, and implement in software
Your core skills/experience include:
Experience with Python and any of the following Python data science / machine learning libraries: Pandas, and scikit-learn
Experience applying and/or developing algorithms based in statistical analysis
Experience with big data sets, preferably comprising of sensor data (e.g. GEOINT, and SIGINT)
Effective communicator with the ability to write and present technical reports
Experience writing technical documentation supporting code, program capabilities and user-guides
Experience with Gitlab, Github, Bitbucket, and/or Jenkins
Experience with Linux
2-5 years of experience, preferably in software development or as a data scientist
You are the proud owner of at least a DoD SECRET clearance
Bonus points if you have experience in any of the following:
Experience with implementing tracking and fusion, and pattern-of-life algorithms
Experience in application deployment, virtualization, and containerization
Experience with kinematics
You are the proud owner of a TS/SCI SSBI clearance",4.4,"Stratagem Group
4.4","Valley Forge, PA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
67,Senior RA-Scientist DMPK,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Regulus Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: RGLS) is a biopharmaceutical company located in San Diego, California leading the discovery and development of innovative medicines targeting microRNAs.

We are currently seeking an experienced Senior Research Associate/Scientist, Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics to support our team. For more information, visit *www.RegulusRx.com*.
Senior Research Associate/Scientist, Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics *
Position description and scope:

The successful candidate will be a member of the drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) Team and be involved in supporting in vivo studies of oligonucleotide-based drug candidates to understand the uptake of oligonucleotides into plasma and tissues as well as their metabolism. The initial focus will be quantitation of drug levels in plasma and tissue. This requires the candidate to be well versed and open to learning techniques employed in both bio-analytics and molecular biology, particularly analytical HPLC methods (HPLC-MS, HPLC-Fluorescence). Experience with quantitative analysis and reporting of pharmacokinetic (PK) data is highly desired.

Position Requirements:
BS/MS/PhD in Biochemistry or Analytical Chemistry; BS with at least 5 - 8 years of industrial experience; Ph.D. with at least 3 years of industrial experience.
Experienced with analytical HPLC and in particular HPLC-MS.
Hands-on experience with quantitative analysis and reporting of bioanalytical data.
Hands-on experience with sample extraction from tissue and plasma.
Ability to quickly learn new data-analysis software and efficiently manipulate large datasets in Excel.
Willingness to learn existing techniques outside one’s field and to introduce new techniques.
Effective interpersonal skills, including both written and oral communication skills.
Strong work ethic, attention to details and good organization skills.
Will work on assignments that are complex in nature where considerable judgment and initiative are required in resolving problems and making recommendations.
Demonstrated ability to think critically and to work independently as well as in a team setting.
Self-motivated, ability to work independently while also willing to follow protocols, resourcefulness, and innovative thinking.
Strong analytical skills, highly attentive to details, and strong work ethic.
Ability to work within schedules and deadline.
Ability to multitask, prioritize, and function in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Skills desired:
Track record of developing or preforming in vitro DMPK assays.
Thorough understanding of PK concepts in theory and practice, experience with running PK simulations and modeling.
Proficient in WinNonLin Software, R-programming, and/or Python.
Experience with running and/or development of ELISA assays.
Regulus Therapeutics Inc. (Nasdaq: RGLS) is a biopharmaceutical company leading the discovery and development of innovative medicines targeting microRNAs. Regulus has leveraged its oligonucleotide drug discovery and development expertise to develop a well-balanced microRNA therapeutics pipeline complemented by a rich intellectual property estate to retain its leadership in the microRNA field. Regulus is advancing several programs in renal, hepatic and central nervous systems diseases.

Regulus is located in La Jolla, California and is led by a seasoned executive team experienced in corporate management, business, science, drug discovery and development. Regulus' scientific advisory board consists of world-class scientists and some of the foremost authorities in the field of microRNA research.

You can visit our website to find out more about our company and culture: *www.RegulusRx.com*.

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. PRINCIPALS ONLY

_Regulus Therapeutics, Inc, is proud to be an EEO Employer._

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $91,194.00 - $189,116.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work Remotely:
No",3.0,"Regulus Therapeutics
3.0","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
68,Scientific Data Analyst,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scientific Data Analyst

Melbourne, FL

Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance

National Security

Job Description

ENSCO, Inc., is seeking a Scientific Data Analyst to work closely with a team of scientists and analysts. The work is mission critical, involves solving real-world problems, and encompasses the following technical areas. Develop scientific software/algorithms using advanced mathematics and digital signal processing techniques. Identify and apply appropriate machine learning techniques to evaluate large disparate data sets. Apply digital signal processing techniques in the frequency and time domains to evaluate recorded signals from a distributed sensor network. (e.g. array processing, noise rejection, tracking) to extract and identify signals or features of interest.

The Scientific Data Analyst will work in ENSCO's National Security Solutions (NSS) Division, which provides innovative customized products and services vital to national safety and security. A primary focus area is the development of software systems for multipurpose data collections, processing, and analysis.

Qualifications Required (Skills)

BS in Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Acoustics, Geophysics, or related field.

3+ years of related work experience.

Demonstrated proficiency developing algorithms using advanced applied mathematics on large data sets.

Demonstrated expertise with digital signal processing techniques and statistical analysis.

Ability to assimilate large complex scientific data sets from disparate sources and analyze results.

Ability to perform uncertainty and sensitivity analysis on complex models evaluated over multi-dimensional input parameter spaces.

Technical skills to understand and analyze problems, define potential solutions, and conduct in-depth technical analysis.

Demonstrated experience preparing technical reports and preparing and presenting technical briefings.

Demonstrated experience in making technical assessments and communicating results of technical studies to non-scientists.

Demonstrated proficiency with scientific analysis software such as Matlab and Python.

Demonstrated experience with use of a scripting computer language.

Ability to work in a team environment and as a self-starter

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Demonstrated experience with Microsoft Office.

Working knowledge of Windows and Unix/Linux operating systems.

MUST HAVE THE ABILITY TO OBTAIN AND MAINTAIN A TS/SCI SECURITY CLEARANCE, FOR WHICH YOU MUST BE A U.S. CITIZEN. YOU WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION IF YOU DO NOT MEET THIS REQUIREMENT.

Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information

Qualifications Desired

MS in Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related field.

Working knowledge of a scientific programming language such as Python, R, C, or FORTRAN.

Experience with relational databases.

Observational experience processing and interpreting time series and frequency domain dataset, including ability to distinguish signals from noise.

Working knowledge of wave propagation and signal interpretation in solid/fluid media.

#LI-KM1

Req ID

1866BR

Internal Position Title

Scientist III

Employment Status

Regular Full-time

General Education/Years of Experience

BS or equiv; min 3 yrs relevant exp

U.S. Citizenship

Yes

Background Check Type

7 year

Drug Screen Type

None

Export Control and Licensing

None

Contract Award Contingency

No

Recruiter

Kierra McDonald

Division Description

The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides security solutions for the United States government. NSS employees offer a multi-disciplinary approach to solve some of the most challenging technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise are in sensor development and integration; chemical, biological and geophysical phenomenology; software applications and modeling; and operational applications of technology.

Key customers include the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, and the Intelligence Community.

Strength in Diversity

ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law.",3.7,"ENSCO, Inc.
3.7","Melbourne, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
69,Data Systems Analyst,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Ready to make an impact? If so, read on!

Would you like to be a part of the team that brings data innovation, Machine Learning and AI enabling to GEICO? We are looking for a highly motivated Data Systems Analyst to support the Data Science Development lifecycle process and help solve complex business problems using predictive analytics/modeling approaches.

Job Responsibilities:

As a Data Systems Analyst, you will work with Machine Learning Developers, Data Modelers, and the business to:

•Conduct requirement and systems analysis, translating business requirements and performance metrics into modeling requirements and metrics
•Clearly define and document business problems by conferring with clients; evaluating procedures and processes, and assessing existing metrics
•Facilitate solution-design sessions with Machine Learning Developers, Data Scientists and business stakeholders
•Coordinate with the Machine Learning Developers and Data Scientists to document analytics solutions, approaches and results
•Communicate and coordinate effectively with clients and other stakeholders
•Support systems design, testing and deployment of predictive models into production
•Conduct data / metric analysis, assess impact of a new solution on key metrics, and analyze potential value
•Monitor performance of deployed models and develop recommendations on model refresh
•Set up metrics plans, conduct analysis of results, and report findings
•Capture data from Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) and Hadoop using SQL
•Create and execute test plans to test model services
•Assist with agile process and project planning

Would you like to join our innovative team? If so, do you meet these qualifications?

Required Qualifications:

• A minimum of three years of progressive analysis/systems experience in large scale IT projects

• Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Computer Sciences, Information Technology, Engineering, Management of Information Systems, or equivalent work experience

• Ability to support multiple projects simultaneously and work in a dynamic environment

• Experience working in an Agile team and familiarity with Agile project management practices

• Experience documenting business processes, requirements, and application test plans

• Working knowledge of SQL

• Experience conducting metrics analysis and reporting

• Strong critical thinking, decision-making and problem-solving skills

Desired Qualifications:

• Demonstrated experience with SQL scripting language

• Experience with process improvement

• Foundational understanding of Statistics and analysis of A/B tests

• Experience in R or Python programming language

#LI-AM1
#DI-AM

About GEICO

For more than 75 years, GEICO has stood out from the rest of the insurance industry! We are one of the nation's largest and fastest-growing auto insurers thanks to our low rates, outstanding service and clever marketing. We're an industry leader employing thousands of dedicated and hard-working associates. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, we offer associates training and career advancement in a financially stable and rewarding workplace.

Our associates' quality of life is important to us. Full-time GEICO associates are offered a comprehensive Total Rewards Program*, including:
401(k) and profit-sharing plans
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
Paid vacation, holidays and leave programs
Tuition reimbursement
Associate assistance program
Flexible spending accounts
Business casual dress
Fitness and dining facilities (at most locations)
Associate clubs and sports teams
Volunteer opportunities
GEICO Federal Credit Union
Benefit offerings for positions other than full-time may vary.
GEICO is an equal opportunity employer. GEICO conducts drug screens and background checks on applicants who accept employment offers.

How to Apply

Click ""Apply for Job"" to complete your application. You will need an active email address and phone number. Please upload your resume, preferably as Word .doc files or PDF. Once you begin your application you can save it and access it later. Your application should include any work and/or internship experience from at least the past five years.",3.4,"GEICO
3.4","Indianapolis, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1936,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
70,"Scientist, Pulmonary Biology Pharmacology - Lexington, MA, US",$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Overview

Translate Bio is a leading mRNA therapeutics company developing a new class of potentially transformative medicines to treat diseases caused by protein or gene dysfunction. Using our proprietary mRNA therapeutic platform (MRT), we create mRNA that encodes functional proteins. Our mRNA is delivered to the target cell where the cell’s own machinery recognizes it and translates it, restoring or augmenting protein function to treat or prevent disease.

Job Summary

Translate Bio is seeking an experienced Scientist to join our Pharmacology team. The individual in this role will contribute to drug development efforts at TBio, particularly focused on lung diseases with high unmet need, such as idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension, primary ciliary dyskinesia, cystic fibrosis, asthma, COPD and acute lung injury. He/She will oversee early drug discovery and development in vivo pharmacology studies by contributing expertise in disease animal models.

Job Responsibilities

Provide technical expertise in generating genetic or chemically-induced pulmonary models with a clear understanding of model development
Design and oversee the execution of pharmacological studies in lung disease models by applying our proprietary platform
Manage externalized pharmacological studies at CROs by site evaluations, protocol establishment, execution of pharmacology studies
Conduct downstream analyses of samples with relevant assays at the bench pertaining to the disease model
Analyze data from in vivo pharmacology studies to inform decisions in a timely manner
Lead pharmacology and translational development roles on multi-disciplinary teams
Prepare reports and presentations of results from studies across the organization
Assume additional responsibilities as assigned

Required Skills & Qualifications

Ph.D. in molecular, cell/developmental, pharmacological sciences or similar with experience in lung physiology and pulmonary disease, plus 0-6 years post degree experience in academic or industry setting
Experience performing in vivo pharmacology studies in animal models of pulmonary diseases such as idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension, primary ciliary dyskinesia, cystic fibrosis, asthma, COPD, and acute lung injury
Expertise in innate immune lung biology is desirable, but not required
Expertise in different routes of lung administration preferred
Knowledge of downstream analytics for the relevant pulmonary disease indications
Demonstrated ability to define pharmacological requirements for selection of development candidates
Ability to work in cross-functional team environment to advance programs to and through translational development
Work collaboratively within a group as well as within interdisciplinary teams
Demonstrated successful experience in working with outside CROs
Manages time effectively demonstrating ability to perform multiple projects at one time
Desire to work in a fast-paced environment
Excellent organizational and communication skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Translate Bio is committed to equal employment opportunity. All applicants must have authorization to work in the U.S.",5.0,"Translate Bio
5.0","Lexington, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2011,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
71,Data Engineering Lead,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


The Data Engineering Lead manages the design and build of modern analytics environments that comprise of raw data stores (data lakes) and cleansed data repositories by batch or streaming data pipelines. The Data Engineering Lead creates a robust, sustainable and flexible design and leads the technical delivery using Agile delivery frameworks like Scrum or Kanban. Should be a proven leader and mentor skilled at enabling and serving the development team.

Responsibilities
Developing and managing data processes to ensure that data is available and usable
Creation and automation of data pipelines and platforms
Managing and monitoring data quality via automated testing frameworks (Data Driven Testing, TDD, etc.)
Working closely with Architects, Data Scientists, and DevOps to design, build, test, deliver, and maintain sustainable and highly scalable data solutions
Researching data acquisition and evaluating suitability
Integration of data management solutions into client environment
Actively managing risks to data and ensuring there is a data recovery plan
Qualifications
7+ years relevant professional work experience.
Minimum of 5 years of hands on development experience in a technical role.
Explaining technical concepts in a business value context.
Technically savvy, entrepreneurial spirit who thrives in environments that reward self-initiative and resourcefulness.
Experience and expertise in the following:
Creating robust and extensible data pipelines for production systems
Use of cloud platforms, preferably AWS
Creating secure, performant, and well-modeled data stores
Common analytical platform architectural patterns (Star Schema, data integration patterns, ABAC, data quality frameworks etc.)
Data lake design patterns and technology options (schema on read, metadata capture, search framework)
Use of scripting languages, preferably Python
Source code version control management using git
Experience using NoSQL (e.g. Mongo, Neo4j) databases and data structures.
Excellent communication skills to be able to interact directly with non-technical client stakeholders and act in a business-to-technical translation role.
Experience working in an onsite client technical consulting environment preferred.
Experience working within Agile Frameworks, such as Scrum or Kanban.
About Excella


Excella is a leading provider of Agile software development and data and analytics solutions to clients in the federal, commercial and non-profit sectors. We believe that great work leads to great things –- our experts measure success by the positive impact we make on our clients, community, and colleagues. We are growing fast and need passionate, innovative people who love working with technology and are ready to make an impact.

Here's what you can expect from us:
You'll work with great people who love what they do: our team includes published authors, certified trainers, and internationally renowned speakers.
We have a ""bring your own device"" workplace and will share the cost of a new computer of your choice -- Mac or PC. It's up to you.
We'll invest in your career by providing 3 days of paid professional development every year, including travel and registration fees to attend classes and conferences, in addition to tuition assistance for degrees and certifications.
Starting day one, every employee is bonus eligible and receives 15 days of paid vacation, 6 federal holidays, and 4 floating holidays.
You can bike, drive, or metro to work -- our commute reimbursement plan has you covered.
You'll have fun! We hold monthly social events all year long, including a summer event for you and your family.
Excella is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.2,"Excella Consulting
4.2","Arlington, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
72,Data Analyst II,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst II.

Job Summary:

Responsible for working with large and complex data sets (both internal and external data) to evaluate, recommend, and support the implementation of business strategies. Identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools (e.g. SQL, Access) to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes. Responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection/processing/cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models/algorithms and data visualization techniques. Incumbents in this role may often be referred to as Data Scientists.

Responsibilities:
Day-to-day actions are focused on administering defined procedures, analysis and report preparation.
Commands knowledge of data elements across the enterprise and industry – definitions, lineage and usage
Executes creation of tabular operational reports and aggregation reports with medium to high complexity.
Commands intermediate to expert level t-SQL coding proficiency
Performs data mapping for systems integration, data provisioning, and data consumption
Responsible for documenting metadata, data lineage, data definitions and business glossary entries.
Handles basic data transformation tasks such as date and decimal formatting, rounding of numeric values, and conversion of numeric values to percentages.
Has intermediate to expert level SSIS ETL build proficiency
Works with Data stewards to enforce adherence to standards for enhancements and new repositories.
Handles more complicated report requests, data visualizations, forecasting, regression modeling, sequencing (e.g. Fibonacci or similar) and trend analysis.
Can deduce portfolio or market trends from reports or chart analysis.
Understands business logic for aggregation and analysis services.
Can perform data transformation and can produce dimensional reports
Can perform basic data profiling activities, understands cardinality
Helps to define guidelines for data management, governance and reporting
May direct day-to-day work of employees, but will not typically have formal management role.
Individual at this level is expected to use some independence of thought but to refer more complex problems to supervisors or other experts.
Individual would be expected to contribute to work flow or process change and redesign and to form a strong basic understanding of the specific product or process.
Qualifications:
Typically exhibits strong executional capabilities and is beginning to take on more responsibility.
Primary focus is on execution within defined parameters, with some expansion based on developing capabilities and or experiences. In partnership with more experienced staff.
Minimum of 5 years of experience.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics (or similar) or equivalent work experience
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO.

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online.",2.5,"Cenlar
2.5","Ewing, NJ",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1958,Company - Private,-1,-1,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
73,Senior Data Analytics/Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Kingfisher Systems, Inc. specializes in providing a full range of Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Intelligence, and support services to the U.S. Government. Kingfisher Systems core competency is technology-enabled services, with a specific focus on national security. Since 2005, Kingfisher has established itself as a recognized and trusted mission partner whose mission is safeguarding sensitive information, operations, and programs for our Federal customers and warfighters.

Responsibilities:

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is seeking a Senior Data Analytics/Scientist to support the Chief Human Capital Office (CHCO) for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers.

Primary Responsibilities

Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insights and trends in human capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance HCA across the IC. Centralize IC CHCO data collection and synthesis, including survey data, enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data-driven problem-solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operation questions; and incorporate insights and findings into a range of products.

Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write- ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur.

Adapt freeware solutions such as R, and modular solutions for maximum flexibility. Provide an advanced capability for data analysis of human capital information from disparate data types, promoting visualization and storytelling to discover insights that help guide business decisions. Be forward leaning, exploring HCA solutions that benefit IC elements individually and collectively. Let the data tell the story including what is inconsistent or contradictory, and automate data cleansing as much as possible. Integrate data solutions and collection with IC Information Technology Enterprise to enhance connectivity with IC Elements.

Identify and customize, if necessary, Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Information Technology (IT) tools for administration and data collection, or to leverage, support, and integrate the process with tools built for the IC and/or its component elements. Any tools developed shall be web-based and web-enabled, designed to maximize feedback effectiveness while protecting employee assessment information, and include both structured interview and web-based tools for gathering feedback.

Assist in the development and maintenance of financial procedural guidance, templates and data formats, for identifying IC-wide workforce numbers, to include government, military, and contractor support. Review, assess data, identify data deficiencies and recommend solutions for remediation. Support quantitative and analytic efforts for workforce planning, development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to the Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) planning displays, and analytic support for budget management and planning. Assist with ad hoc data requests from Congress, IC elements or as required by IC CHCO.

Coordinate and facilitate community of practice and working group meetings, to include meeting logistics, agenda development and presenter coordination, day-of execution and facilitation, documentation and distribution of meeting minutes and presentations. Present or coordinate presentations on relevant topics as directed by IC CHCO.

Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages.

Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL).

Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms.

Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative- tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Preferred Experience:

C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc.

Demonstrated expertise in supporting quantitative and analytical efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software.

Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning.

Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government.

Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on-line and automated survey instruments.

Years of Experience: 7 years of relevant experience in a related field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, etc.).

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering.

Minimum Clearance Requirement: Minimum Top Secret clearance/ SCI Eligibility with a CI Polygraph. Applicants selected will be subject to an additional security investigation and thus may have additional eligibility requirements to meet.

Kingfisher Systems, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.",4.5,"Kingfisher Systems, Inc.
4.5","Bethesda, MD",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Federal Agencies,Government,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
74,Senior Clinical Evaluation Scientist - Urology Pelvic Health,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Additional Locations:

Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

About the role:

The Senior Clinical Evaluation Scientist is primarily responsible for writing clinical evaluation reports (CERs) and clinical evaluation plans (CEPs) that support new product development and sustaining activities within the BSC Urology and Pelvic Health Division. You will be the clinical representative in cross functional teams partnering closely with Regulatory Affairs, Research & Development, Design Quality Assurance, and Medical Safety.

Your responsibilities will include:
Write CERs and CEPs by evaluating scientific literature, reviewing hazard analyses and other risk documents, reviewing product complaint data, analyzing scientific data, and staying abreast of current clinical practice. Your effort and leadership support product approval, indication expansion, and mandated post-market requirements.
Provide clinical input to support claims and statements for new product development, post market surveillance, recertification, and business development.
Interact with regulatory agencies as needed, by providing audit support or addressing clinical queries in support of product safety and performance
Manage CER and other document timelines required by product development teams and global Regulatory Bodies by utilizing the appropriate project management tools.
Provide input into hazard analyses, product failure modes & effects analyses, and directions for use for assessment of potential harms and support of product safety and performance.
What we’re looking for in you:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree
5+ years of related work experience (Clinical Risk/Safety/Trial/Medical Writing)
Advanced knowledge of medical terminology
Ability to review and synthesize medical publications and/or competitive product literature
Working knowledge of Adobe PDF, MS Word, and Excel
Ability to use in-depth clinical knowledge in cross functional team meetings
Preferred Qualifications
Advanced Degree preferred (MS, PhD, PharmD)
Medical device industry experience
Understanding of regulatory requirements to conduct clinical risk assessment
Understanding of scientific research methodologies (clinical investigation design and biostatistics)
Understanding of information management (experience with relevant databases such as PubMed, Ovid, or Embase)
Experience with citation management software such as EndNote
Proven ability to build strong cross group dependencies/relationships
Proven ability to manage timelines
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Requisition ID: 467275",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Marlborough, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
75,Senior Analyst/Data Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Edmunds were driven to make car buying easier. Ever since we began publishing printed car guides in the 60s, the company has been in the business of trust, innovating ways to empower and support car shoppers. When Edmunds launched the car industrys first Internet site in 1994, we established a leadership position online and have never looked back. Now, as one of the most trusted review sites on the Internet, millions of visitors use our research, shopping and buying tools every month to make an easy and informed decision on their next car. For consumers, we bring peace of mind. For dealers, we make tools to help them solve their problems and sell more cars. How do we do it, you ask? The key ingredients are our enthusiastic employees, progressive company culture and cutting-edge technology. Want to join the team? Read on to find out how!

What Youre Applying For:

Edmunds is seeking a skilled, creative and enthusiastic Senior Analyst/Data Scientist experienced in generating actionable insights from large sets of data, measuring business performance, and identifying areas of growth and optimization using advanced analytical (modeling, machine learning) and experimental approaches.

The ideal candidate is also a natural problem-solver that enjoys working with large data sets and is proactive in exploring database tables and using data to make clear and convincing business cases.

The analyst will play a crucial role in supporting our Tier 1 team by developing, improving, and maintaining digital advertising revenue forecasts & models, monitoring major KPIs, and understanding impact to other areas of the business. This person will be expected to understand the details and complexity of the companys digital advertising revenue to ensure that the executive team has a clear and accurate pulse of the business, and recommend action plans to optimize against the companys revenue goals, and identifying areas of optimization and growth by extracting insights through modeling, testing and experimentation.

In addition, this person will be expected to take ownership of projects to continually improve reporting quality through automation. This person will also be expected to promote the use of self-service analytic tools across internal clients, and provide training for these tools.

This individual will be tasked to work cross-functionally with Product, Sales, Ad Operations, and Paid Media teams to optimize digital advertising products and revenue through A/B testing and experimentation, measuring and uncovering results based on changes to website traffic & consumer site behaviors, and recommending areas of paid marketing spend.

The right candidate will have experience working across business and functional boundaries, partnering with internal clients to provide decision-making support through analytic insights.

This is a great opportunity for an individual with significant business acumen that is interested in playing with the wealth of structured and unstructured data that is available within the car buying ecosystem. Curiosity and business intellect a must.

What Youll Do:
Develop, evaluate, refine, and automate analytic models using data to address business needs, and identify areas of optimization and growth
Prepare visualizations of data in order to explain and persuade
Design, conduct and lead complex analyses that mine, extract, track, report and analyze performance metrics
Provide recommendations to key stakeholders and support the business need
Create and produce forecasts, reports, ad hoc requests, dashboards, etc. utilizing our data warehouse and other data source systems and summarize your findings
Interact with multiple teams in different departments and define requirements for reporting
Challenges:
Edmunds is a fast growing and innovative company. Qualified candidate should possess strong project management skills, and an ability to multitask and balance competing priorities
What You Need:
Strong analytical and data mining skills
Excellent data extraction and manipulation skills - SQL experience required
Strong data modeling / statistical analysis / predictive modeling experience required (R and/or Python)
Excellent presentation and communication skills
Exposure to BI tools such as Tableau is a plus
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field, such as mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, business analytics, etc. with at least 5 years of relevant and progressively complex work experience
Working @ Edmunds.com:

Employees think its a pretty great place to work and some pretty impressive publications think it is too: we have been recognized as one of the best places to work by the Fortune Magazine and Great Places to Work, LA Business Journal (for the last 6 years!), Computerworld, and Built in LA. We've also been identified as one of the best workplaces specifically in Technology and also for Diversity and Asian Americans. In fact, our CEO, Avi Steinlauf, was rated as one of Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs! If youre interested in learning more and joining our mission, wed love to hear from you!

Edmunds will consider for employment qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws.

*LI-POST",3.6,"Edmunds.com
3.6","Santa Monica, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1966,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
76,Field Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description*
SGS is the world's leading inspection, verification, testing, and certification company. SGS is recognized as the global benchmark for quality and integrity. With more than 94,000 employees SGS operates a network of over 2,600 offices and laboratories around the world.
Job Description*
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

The Field Scientist has a primary responsibility for the conduct of trials in accordance with SGS standards, sponsor protocols and sound agronomic science. This full-time position is located in Murdock, MN.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Initiate and develop business opportunities with sponsor representatives. Includes preparing bids for field studies focusing on fertilizer, pesticide, seed variety, and biological crop protectant testing.
Perform responsibilities related to role of GLP Principle Investigator for field trial studies.
Maintain thorough knowledge of GLP requirements, regulatory guidelines, and SGS SOPs, and stay apprised of any changing EPA or OECD regulations, ensuring implementation across all studies.
Attend trade shows and other trainings to expand knowledge of the agricultural research industry and maintain relationships with clients including study directors and sponsors.
Communicate with both the SGS Laboratory Research/GLP team, as well as third party companies to ensure studies are remaining on schedule and that study deadlines are met.
Compose Field Trial Notebooks and associated reports as required by study protocols.
Actively communicate with Quality Assurance team.
Specific duties associated with the conduct of trials are detailed in SGS Standard Operating Procedures (SOP’s). These duties are briefly summarized below:
Assist in maintaining an up-to-date flow of paperwork.
Monitor thermographs and weather data collection
Assist in establishing and maintaining plots
Plot maintenance and plant protection
Pollinations, Sampling and Field Data collection
If employee has pesticide application license; under the direction of the Research Station Manager may apply maintenance and test chemicals.
Assist in execution of critical phases and preparation of the Field Trial Notebooks.
Maintain equipment and facilities in accordance with applicable SOP’s and in a safe, clean, neat and organized manner.
Complete assigned duties according to applicable SOP’s.
At all times, comply with SGS Code of Integrity and Professional Conduct.
Qualifications*
PROFILE
Degree in Agronomy, Biological Sciences or 2 years relevant experience in field plot techniques and crop husbandry preferred.
Current Pesticide Applicator License or be able to obtain one in a timely basis.
Proficient in Microsoft Office to include Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from individuals and/or groups both within the organization or while representing the organization.
Able to partner effectively with multidisciplinary and multinational teams.
Ability to build and lead an effective team and foster a sense of collaboration to achieve goals.
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
Must be able to operate farm equipment, such as tractors, cultivators, and sprayers.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from individuals and/or groups both within the organization and while representing the organization.
Must be able to work in a safe manner and foster a safe, sustainable, and environmentally sound manner.
Effective problem solving and analytical skills, with proven ability to see a project through to delivery within budget.
Excellent time management skills which includes the ability to balance multiple projects concurrently (with different deadlines) and to organize the resources necessary to accomplish them.
Must be detail-oriented, well organized and able to work independently.
Must be able to safely lift up to 50 pounds.
Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment.
Proficient in Microsoft Office to include Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Knowledge of ARM and other sponsor-specific software preferred.
Ability to handle a variety of projects effectively, efficiently and with confidentiality.
OTHER INFORMATION: *
Health and Safety Guidelines
Demonstrate strong commitment to SGS HSE Policies, Procedures, and Work Instructions by participating in safety meetings, completing required training, intervening in unsafe situations, refusing unsafe work, and complying fully with all applicable laws and regulations related to HSE.
Respond appropriately to emergency situations and assists other staff members in maintaining readiness to respond to emergencies within the workplace.
In accordance with the SGS HSE Management System requirements, dispose of, or direct the disposal of waste generated as part of daily work performed in a safe manner and in compliance with all waste transportation and disposal regulations and requirements.
Report all incidents (actual incidents and near misses) in accordance with the SGS Incident Reporting requirements.
Use all equipment (including safety equipment) in the manner intended and report any damaged/lost equipment to supervisor.
Maintain a safe and tidy worksite.
Maintain awareness of hazards and propose controls to supervisor, HSE Representatives or relevant client/site contact. Actively participates in incident investigations and risk assessments as deemed necessary by SGS management.
Additional Information*
SGS is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and as such we recruit, hire, train, and promote persons in all job classifications without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics, status a s a protected veteran, or any other characteristics protected by law.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily with or without reasonable accommodations. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required.

This job description should not be construed as an exhaustive statement of duties, responsibilities, or requirements, but a general description of the job. Nothing contained herein restricts the company's rights to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

If you are applying for a position within the United States and you have difficulty completing the on-line employment application because of a disability, please call 201-508-3149 for assistance and leave a message. You will receive a call back. Please note, this phone number is not for general employment information, but is only for individuals who are experiencing difficulty applying for a position due to a disability.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $40,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"SGS
3.1","Murdock, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1878,Company - Public,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
77,Clinical Laboratory Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Education: *
Bachelor’s degree (BA/BS) in Medical Technology or a biological science required.
Clinical Laboratory Scientist license required (Generalist or Molecular)
California Molecular CLS requires Board of Certification (BOC) credential
Experience Required: *
Minimum 1-2 year’s experience in a clinical molecular laboratory, genetics experience preferred.
Experience with molecular techniques, DNA-based procedures, such as real-time PCR, Genotyping, Sanger and/or Next Generation Sequencing.
Extremely detail-oriented and highly organized.
Proficient using Microsoft Excel, Laboratory Information Systems, other database related software.
Motivated and energetic with extensive laboratory knowledge and experience.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills essential for interaction with laboratory staff and management.
Strong interpersonal skill and ability to work well in a team environment as well as independently.
Prioritize tasks by understanding the relative importance and urgency of each task.
Function at a high level and accomplish tasks that require departmental effort to meet demanding timelines and workloads. Adapt to changing priorities.
Exceptional customer service and listening skills.
Summary: *
The Clinical Laboratory Data Analysis Specialist will perform DNA specimen processing, DNA/RNA isolation, genotyping and sequencing of isolated DNA, data analysis, reagent preparation, instrument calibration, laboratory maintenance and any other necessary laboratory processes according to approved standard operating procedures. Supervisory responsibilities to include supervision of non-licensed laboratory staff as required. The Clinical Laboratory Scientist reports to the Laboratory Operations Manger/Director.
Job Duties/Qualifications: *
Knowledgeable in the handling of patient specimens from accession to storage.
Assist supervisor with day to day administration of PCR Laboratory.
Read and follow technical procedures for the Standard Operating Procedure Manual.
DNA and RNA extraction
Knowledge of nucleic acid technology. Understanding of quality control / quality improvement programs.
Complete PCR testing and PCR product analysis including sequencing, hybridization or fragment analysis
Assist in the administration of all Quality Control Programs.
Assist in the inventory management and ordering
Sample data collecting or accession if necessary
Compliance with all Federal and State regulations pertaining to histology. Specifically:
Adherence to workload requirements.
Maintenance of accurate work records (i.e., Maintenance Logs, Temperature Logs, etc.)
Associates or Bachelor’s Degree in science or related field plus one year clinical biological lab experience
Perform complex data analysis of molecular genetic data, including genotyping and DNA sequencing data according to laboratory SOPs
Maintain records of data analysis and monitor results generation using spreadsheets and laboratory information systems.
Track specimen workflow and manage communication of specimen status in the laboratory.
Maintain equipment and quality records.
Reagent preparation and inventory tracking.
Perform specimen processing and laboratory procedures specific to molecular genetic testing technique.
Monitor Quality Assurance and Quality Improvement metrics to improve overall efficiency of laboratory production.
Write, review, and revise Standard Operating Procedures, and associated documents.
Adhere to laboratory policies, safety, and standard operating procedures.
Provide training to personnel as required for proper execution of standard operating procedures.
Function as a data analyst for data analysis of batch and sample genotyping results across different platforms, e.g. Sanger, sequencing, del/dup assays.
Function as a data analyst for releasing sample results.
Other duties as assigned.
Job Type: Full-time

Medical Specialty:
Genetics & Genomics
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,OME Wellness,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
78,Clinical Laboratory Scientist PM Shift,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Testing is the most significant bottleneck in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad testing is the fastest way to safely return to work, to school, and to normal life. SummerBio is a mission-driven company made up of life science automation engineers, molecular biologists, laboratory scientists, public health professionals, supply chain experts, software engineers and designers that was founded to scale up rapid, low-cost, mass-scale testing.

We have created an end-to-end COVID-19 test system designed from the ground up to massively automate the existing gold-standard RT-qPCR regimen based on commercially-available and scalable consumables.

Join SummerBio and help us solve COVID-19 testing for all.

This position is responsible for performing high complexity laboratory testing on patient specimens, performing quality control and quality assurance procedures, reporting patient results. This position will comply with all applicable local, state and federal laboratory requirements and operate under the direction of the Laboratory Director and Laboratory Supervisor(s). This role requires meticulous and organized records, excellent attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task and be flexible with tasks and schedules. The P.M. schedule is from 12:00 a.m. - 8:30 a.m.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: *
Accurately perform molecular testing, using a variety of molecular biological techniques
Conduct daily quantitation and qualification assessment of molecular data generated during testing.
Carry out QC/QA activities as part of the Quality program and commitment to patient safety
Operates automated liquid handling instrumentation to execute complex high-throughput procedures and troubleshoot as necessary.
Participate in a variety of other essential laboratory activities, including reagent qualification, inventory management, procedure writing, inspection preparation, assay validation and investigation.
Perform and document routine preventive maintenance and independently identify and troubleshoot highly complex problems that adversely affect test performance.
Diligently maintains a molecular biology laboratory environment to minimize and contain amplicon contamination.
Identify root cause and document all corrective actions taken when test systems.
Provides research and resolution on complex issues, including all necessary documentation.
Solves routine problems independently.
Familiar with unusual technical problems and results, and resolves any issues related to these problems or results.
Identifies problems that may adversely affect test performance or test results and notify Laboratory Director or Laboratory Manager immediately.
Executes & documents lab corrective action whenever test systems are not acceptable or when test systems deviate from established performance specifications.
Assist with training of new laboratory personnel.
Participate in introduction of assay improvements, new assay configurations and validation
At times, this position may fill the role of the general supervisor if the general supervisor is off-site.
Qualification Requirements*
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Must have a solid understanding of general laboratory techniques.
Experience with a wide range of laboratory equipment.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills. Ability to critical analyze complex data.
Ability to learn new principles quickly, possess strong analytical skills, must possess strong interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of good laboratory and documentation practices.
Education and Experience Requirements: *
California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license.
Bachelor of Arts or Science in Biomedical Laboratory Science, Clinical Science or related field.
2+ years’ experience as a CLS in a clinical laboratory.
Working knowledge of local, state, and federal laboratory regulations.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Night Shift
Company's website:
https://www.summer.bio/
Work Remotely:
No",-1,SummerBio,"Menlo Park, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
79,HF Senior Engineer/Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"WR has a potential need of a Sr HF Engineer/Scientist to assist with prototype development, subsystem modeling and simulation, system level analysis and oversight of customer projects.

Position responsibilities will include, but are not limited to the following:
Provides technical expertise in a discipline in support of high frequency (HF) radar research and development, with specific subject matter expertise in one of the following disciplines, radio-frequency (RF) and electronic engineering, tracking and data fusion, or radio wave propagation.
Working in a lab environment to implement RF sub-system solutions, to verify simulated performance or in support of prototype development and field test work.
Provides oversight, guidance and technical advice on customer projects involving RF systems, which might include hardware, data processing, tracking and track fusion or HF propagation aspects.
A combination of unique design work, test and evaluation, and simulation to verify 3rd party contractor designs and approaches.
Supports broader department level work that may involve digital processing related work and overall system performance.
Works with other engineers as a team member in solving problems. Interfacing with program office and government personnel required.
Interest in working with experts in the fields of HF radar, signal processing, electromagnetics.
Candidates must possess the following knowledge, skills, and experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, physics or a related technical discipline from a recognized institution.
Advanced Degree preferred.
Experience performing analysis in support of RF or electronic system design, or an aspect of data processing of such a system.
Proficiency with a variety of popular engineering development tools such as Matlab, C, C++, Fortran; JAVA or Python is desirable.
Experience working in a laboratory environment, working with RF hardware and familiar with RF testing equipment such as network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, signal generators and power meters is desired.
Active Secret Security Clearance required.

*This position is contingent upon funding*

WR is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and is committed to diversity in our workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, citizenship status, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, veterans’ status, or any additional factors that are protected by law. Please see https://wrsystems.com/our-responsibility/ for more information.

Required Skills

Required Experience

Job Location
Fairfax, US-VA",3.7,"WR Systems
3.7","Fairfax, VA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
80,Clinical Laboratory Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"City:
Greenbrae
State/Territory:
CA

ABOUT MARINHEALTH a UCSF Affiliate

Come and be a part of our healing team at the award-winning MarinHealth! Ranked in the top 3% of general hospitals in the country, we have made great strides since returning to our roots as an independent hospital. As Marin County’s only acute hospital and a vital resource for a wide range of essential health care services, it is our mission—and our passion—to excel in every medical specialty. We attract the finest physicians and employees who appreciate having the best of both worlds: the resources and medical sophistication of an academic medical center combined with the personalized, caring touch of an independent hospital. We have an exceptionally collaborative team that adheres to the highest service excellence standards to ensure that we deliver world-class, personalized care to patients. Our Joint-Commission accredited hospital has won numerous awards and certifications in delivering best-in-class health care in the San Francisco Bay Area.

WHAT WE OFFER

MarinHealth offers a generous suite of employee benefits, which includes a comprehensive and rich health benefits program (medical, dental, vision and prescription plans). Our robust Wellness @ Work program (e.g. onsite health & fitness classes, discounts, etc) also promotes a healthier lifestyle for employees and to support you on your Healthy Healer journey. Other benefits include, but are not limited to, a 403(b) contribution plan and company-funded retirement plan, life insurance, vacation, holiday and sick leave, which you will start accruing immediately. Our benefits are highly competitive and considered to be one of the best in the Bay Area! Find your healing place at MarinHealth.

External hires must pass a background check and medical screen. Qualified applicants with arrest records and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal, state and local laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability status and any other classifications protected by federal, state & local laws.

JOB SUMMARY:
Employees in this position must be able to demonstrate the knowledge and skill necessary to provide care and/or service based on the physical, psycho/social, educational, safety, and related criteria appropriate to the age of the patients served in his/her service group.

EDUCATION:
Must have a BA/BS degree in Biology, Chemistry, Medical Technology/Clinical Laboratory Science, or other related science.

EXPERIENCE:
Minimum of completed pre-licensure training in California State Department Public Health accredited training program. Post-licensure experience in an acute care hospital laboratory preferred.
Eligible to be reclassified as Clinical Laboratory Scientist II upon meeting the requirements required by the department and/or upon fulfilling the Clinical Laboratory Scientist II job description.
LICENSE/CERTIFICATION:
Current valid California license as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist or a limited California license in a specialization such as microbiology
Possess BLS (Heartsaver) Certificate American Heart Association preferred
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for ensuring duties of assigned shift or work area are completed, working with other staff to adjust workload as necessary
Responsible for maintaining current knowledge of hospital polices and department policies and procedures. Responsible for performing job within the parameters of these policies and procedures: the following examples are not inclusive of all policies:
Follow all appropriate Blood and Body Fluid Precautions
Comply with laboratory quality control program
Maintaining records
Follow turnaround time policies
Use computer for data entry and information retrieval
Handle and process lab specimens
Perform test procedures specific to assigned section
Check test results for validity
Responsible for maintenance, calibration, and assessing accuracy and reproducibility of instrumentation
Keep equipment and work area clean and safe for use
Participate in competency testing and training
Participate in Proficiency Testing (CAP surveys)
Keep adequate stock of supplies in work area
Responsible for the operation of the assigned work area
Direct and instruct others in the performance of laboratory procedures
Responsible for:
Routine care and maintenance of equipment in assigned work area or program i.e. safety, POC
Development, implementation, and monitoring of:
Quality Control Programs
Proficiency Testing Program
Competency Testing Program
Training Program
Development, review, and revision of procedures for testing and instrumentation
#LI-NW1",3.5,"MarinHealth Medical Center
3.5","Greenbrae, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1952,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
81,Part Time MASINT Research Scientist/Engineer,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Returning Candidate? Log back in to the Career Portal and click on 'Job Browsing/History' and find the job you're looking for.

2020-058-INT: Part Time MASINT Research Scientist/Engineer

Directorate Intelligence & Defense Solutions
Location Beavercreek, OH
Riverside Research’s Intelligence and Defense Solutions Directorate has a part-time opening in the Dayton, Ohio or National Capitol Region area for a MASINT SME Research Scientist/Engineer position. This position will support the Defense Intelligence Agency by ensuring MASINT data from various platforms can be visualized and analyzed throughout the Tasking, Collection, Production, Exploitation, and Dissemination (TCPED) process with an emphasis on collection visualization.

All Riverside Research opportunities require U.S. citizenship

Job Responsibilities:
• Initiates the design, development, execution and implementation of MASINT technology research projects
• Investigates the feasibility of applying scientific principles and concepts to potential inventions and products
• Plans and executes applied research
• May coordinate interdepartmental activities and research efforts
• Maintains substantial knowledge of state-of-the-art principles and theories, and may contribute to scientific literature and conferences
• May participate in development of patent applications
• Other duties as assigned

Qualifications:
• Must have a current Top Secret/SCI Security Clearance
• B.A./B.S. Degree in Engineering, Physics, Chemistry or related field
• 8 years or more of experience
• Knowledge of MASINT Tasking, Collection, Production, Exploitation, and Dissemination (TCPED) process
• Knowledge of MASINT Phenomenology’s (RADAR, EO, RF, etc.)
• Knowledge of MASINT Platforms
• Knowledge of MASINT Consumers
• Must be able to work independently and with a team
• Superior communications skills, written and verbal
• Ability to work on multiple project simultaneously (multi-tasking)

Desired Qualifications:
• Master's degree in Engineering, Physics, Chemistry or related field
• Knowledge of MASINT Data Structure/Standards
• Experience with DIA customer
• MASINT Product Visualization skills
• MASINT Software experience

Riverside Research strives to be one of America’s premier providers of independent, trusted technical and scientific expertise. As we continue to add experienced, technically astute staff, we are looking for highly motivated, talented team members that can help our DoD and Intelligence Community (IC) customers continue delivery of world class programs. As a not-for-profit, technology-oriented Defense Company, we believe service to customers and support of our staff is our mission. Our goal is to serve as a destination company by providing an industry-leading, positive, and rewarding employee experience for all who join us. We aspire to be a valued partner to our customers and to earn their trust through our unwavering commitment to achieve timely, innovative, cost-effective and mission-focused solutions.

All positions at Riverside Research are subject to background investigations. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background investigation including criminal history and identity check.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.

Apply Now",3.4,"Riverside Research Institute
3.4","Beavercreek, OH",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1967,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
82,Postdoctoral Scientist - Kumar Lab - Liver & Kidney Program,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Regenerative Medicine Institute is looking for a passionate and inquisitive individual to work under the mentorship of Dr. Sanjeev Kumar!

Dr. Kumar's lab investigates the cellular and molecular underpinnings of the regenerative responses post-mammalian acute kidney injury with the goal of identifying novel therapeutic targets and strategies to augment intrinsic regenerative responses and inhibit fibrosis post-injury. To learn more, visit https://www.cedars-sinai.org/research/departments-institutes/regenerative-medicine/current-studies/liver-and-kidney.html.

JOB SUMMARY:
Working independently but in close cooperation with the Principal Investigator and other Research Scientists, you will perform routine and complex laboratory procedures throughout the training period, and may develop, adapt, and implement new research techniques and protocols and analyze and interpret data. You will also participate in publications and presentations as author or co-author and may assist in the preparation of grant proposals, but will not be responsible for generating grant funds.

Participation in laboratory meetings, keeping a lab notebook, performing calculations, tabulating data, summarizing methods and results of related experiments and general lab maintenance will be required. The individual will be expected to function efficiently and cooperatively with a team of faculty, research associates, technicians and students.

#Jobs-HERC #Jobs-Glassdoor

Educational Requirements:
Doctorate (MD, PhD, VMD, or DDS) in area directly related to field of research specialization

Experience and Expertise:
Primary interest in regenerative medicine and stem cells, molecular cloning, next generation sequencing such as RNA-seq and Chip-Seq, high resolution imaging, and Crispr/Cas9-based gene editing methodologies
Outstanding molecular and cell biology training with experience of the above genetic technologies
Demonstrated aptitude to perform experimental protocols and procedures, including detailed data collection, and analysis and operation and maintenance of specialized equipment
Schedule flexibility to include evening, weekend and holiday rotation commitment is required
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Travel may be required",3.9,"Cedars-Sinai
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1902,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
83,Postdoctoral Scientist - Metabolism / Endocrinology Research Cluster,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Cedars-Sinai, postdoctoral scientists and other junior researchers fulfill a critical role in expanding the horizons of medical knowledge through biomedical research. By hosting more than 100 postdocs, who conduct vital research and receive advanced training with expert faculty mentors, Cedars-Sinai supports the ongoing medical education process that continues beyond PhD/MD graduation.

Overview: Metabolism/Endocrinology

Postdocs are involved in pre-clinical studies that investigate the role of hormones in the communication between bodysystems, and the specific contribution of various organs and tissues, including adipose tissue, liver, and gut, to metabolism in health and disease. There is a focus on systems biology to understand how molecular, cellular and organ level networks contribute under varying conditions of health, disease and aging. For true translational medicine application, physiology, biochemistry, bioinformatics, and more must be integrated to demonstrate that the whole is more than the sum of the parts.

Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities:
May assist in preparation of grant proposals, but is not responsible for generating grant funds.
May participate in publications and presentations as author or co-author.
Designs and performs experiments. Will keep appropriate experimental records and documentation and analyze the results with the Principal Investigator.
May develop, adapt, and implement new research techniques and protocols.
Analyzes, interprets, summarizes and compiles data.
Performs routine and complex laboratory procedures throughout training period.
Operates and maintains equipment and instruments.
#Jobs-HERC #Jobs-Glassdoor

Education:

Doctorate (MD, PhD, VMD,
or DDS) in area directly related to field of research specialization.

Experience:

Works independently on
research projects designed by a mentor (typically the PI) within area of
specialization. Acquires thorough technical and theoretical knowledge of
research project and objectives during one to five (1-5) year post-doctoral
appointment. Demonstrated aptitude to perform experimental protocols and procedures,
including detailed data collection, and analysis and operation and maintenance
of specialized equipment. Knowledge of safety standards and maintenance of
specialized equipment.",3.9,"Cedars-Sinai
3.9",United States,-1,10000+ Employees,1902,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
84,"Scientist/Senior Scientist, Analytical Development",$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Company:

Flexion Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel, local therapies for the treatment of patients with musculoskeletal conditions, beginning with osteoarthritis (OA), a type of degenerative arthritis.

We embrace a philosophy of scientific entrepreneurship which spurs innovation and empowers and inspires our people to discover, develop and commercialize transformative therapies which can make a meaningful difference in the lives of patients.

Flexion was co-founded in 2007 by Michael Clayman, M.D., and Neil Bodick, M.D., Ph.D., who leveraged the extensive drug development expertise they gained over decades at Eli Lilly and Company.

The company's executive committee is comprised of industry veterans with deep knowledge, vast experience and the diverse leadership skills required in the biopharma industry.

The Role:

The Scientist/ Sr Scientist, CMC Analytical, will contribute to the analytical development function within CMC department to support the development of Flexion's lead gene therapy program FX201 and future biologics-based programs. The scientist will support development, transfer, qualification and validation of analytical methodologies for product characterization, release testing, and stability testing in collaboration with the quality organization and external partners.

Responsibilities
Develop analytical methods for FX201 in collaboration with external partners, such as central testing laboratories, contract research organizations (CRO), and contract manufacturing organizations (CMO) and perform hands on experiments as necessary.
Support experiment design, execution, data analysis for cell culture process
Review analytical method development reports, qualification/validation protocols/reports, instructions/SOP's for relevant analytical functions.
Review and analyze analytical raw data and contribute to GMP batch release in collaboration with external partners and quality organization.
Establish and manage biologics stability programs in collaboration with QC.
Guide external partners to design and execute method development and validation.
Provide support to QC investigations through experimental design, data mining, and technical writing.
Work within cross-functional teams to support process development, product characterization, and manufacturing activities. Provide analytical support across groups and support assay transfer.
Basic Qualifications
PhD in Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Virology or related discipline.
Strong technical background in cell culture techniques and molecular biology assays, such as qPCR or ddPCR, next generation sequencing (NGS), and infectivity assay.
Working knowledge of ELISA, HPLC, or electrophoresis
Proven troubleshooting, technical writing, problem solving, and investigational skills
Practical knowledge of a broad range of analytic tools for characterization of biologics.
Understanding of compliance or experience working in GxP environment.
Ability to travel domestically and internationally up to 10% of the time.
Preferred Qualifications
Relevant post-graduate experience preferred.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills; transparency and accountability in teamwork.
Work independently with a sense of urgency to meet schedules and deadlines.
Experience in gene therapy or viral vectors is preferred.
Industrial experience is preferred.
Direct hands-on experience in developing, qualifying, and validating assays.
Flexion is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.",3.9,"Flexion Therapeutics
3.9","Burlington, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
85,"Data Scientist (CPLEX, Java, Python)",$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"PhD in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Computer Science or any related area
Experience in solving scheduling, vehicle routing and allocation problems using operations research techniques and heuristics (+5 years)
CPLEX/Gurobi experience (+5 years)
Java experience (+4 years)
Database knowledge (+5 years)
Ability to work in fast paced environment

Preferred skill set:
Experience in solving large scale scheduling and routing problems using operations research (column generation, B&P, etc)
Experience in IBM DOC
Experience in working with data API’s, Teradata, Oracle
Knowledge in Python or R (+3 years)The candidate will be working on developing regional and global resource allocation, scheduling, and vehicle routing models to make recommendations for field (planting, detasseling, harvest) and facility operations. The recommendations should result in operations efficiency. The candidate has to work closely with business partners to gather assumptions and scope the problem, then independently formulate, code and execute the problem. Finally, models need to be validated with and approved by the business user and technical documentation needs to be developed.

Will you accept someone fresh out of school? As long as they have fully completed their PhD dissertation and have a solid background with the requirements listed

Open to remote but must have the ability to travel to campus a couple of times if needed when the campus reopens.",4.3,"The Syllogisteks Company
4.3","Saint Louis, MO",-1,Unknown,1992,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
86,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence - Intermediate,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311093

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing and Analytics

Group: Data Sciences and Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.

+ Publication record in scientific conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelor's degree with 2 years of experience, a Masters degree with 0-2 years of experience, or a PhD with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Computation and Information Sciences_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.8,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
87,"Data Scientist, Machine Learning",$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

At Shipt, we are transforming the grocery shopping experience and giving time back to consumers. Shipt shoppers handpick fresh groceries and household essentials, then deliver them to your door in as little as one hour.

Shipt is growing and we are searching for a Data Scientist, Machine Learning to join our team! At Shipt, we're using machine learning (ML) and analytics to drive our business forward. We're looking for help understanding our data, optimizing our processes, and making predictions to improve our product and customer experience.

The data science team builds data driven solutions using machine learning and modeling techniques. Our solutions include predictive models, clustering, segmentation, complex reporting, and quantitative research. Our ideal candidate will be data-driven, intellectually curious, and a clear communicator with experience building machine learning models.

What You'll Gain
You will get experience working with a cross-disciplinary team shipping real-world products to our customers around the nation. You will also receive hands-on mentorship from your friendly teammates on topics ranging from design to career advice

Your Responsibilities
Develop a thorough understanding of our data and interpret them as they relate to shopper behavior, search performance, profitability, and product development
Build predictive models and optimization routines to capture opportunities and solve problems. Applications include modeling demand in a given market, delivering search recommendations, and optimizing internal processes
Collaborate with other members of the Data Science and engineering teams on ways to approach problems, augment code, and share new techniques
Work with functional team leaders (in Product, Operations, Marketing, etc.) to explain your analysis, findings, and recommendations
Find opportunities for improvement across the business and assist in decision-making across teams
Stay abreast of developments in the field and contribute to its advancement
Requirements
At least 2 years of experience with machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization techniques
High degree of proficiency with one of R or Python
Proficiency with SQL
Experience with a data visualization tool (Tableau, Chartio, Looker, Spotfire, Power BI, etc.)
Experience with cloud computing services or platforms
Comfortable giving verbal presentations and communicating with technologies like Zoom and Slack
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field or related experience
Nice to Haves
Experience deploying predictive models in a cloud environment
Experience with batch processing framework
Familiarity with AWS, version control, and peer code review systems
Familiarity with on-demand and/or multi-sided marketplaces
Proficiency in both R and Python
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.6,"Shipt
3.6","Birmingham, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Product Rental,Consumer Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
88,"Scientist, Pharmacology",$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sutro has a unique capability that enables new molecular entities to be designed using a hybrid of synthetic and recombinant technologies to create best in class therapeutics in the oncology and auto-immune disease space. Our portfolio includes antibody-drug conjugates, bispecific antibodies, cytokine derivatives and other novel immuno-stimulatory approaches.

Sutro Biopharma is looking for a talented and energetic team player to help drive preclinical/clinical advancement of our drug portfolios within the Translational Pharmacology and Preclinical Development (TP/PD), Pharmacology group.

Responsibilities


This pharmacology position requires a Scientist/Senior Scientist with at least 2 years industry experience in the preclinical development of cancer immunotherapies. The scientist will be responsible for validating therapeutics that have been engineered to engage a variety of immune effector pathways. Specifically, to develop novel animal models and conduct complex in vivo and ex vivo murine tumor studies with the goal of advancing leads to the clinic. The individual will be expected to have:
Strong background in one or more areas of tumor biology, immunology, oncology, and/or immuno-oncology
Experience with independent design, execution, analysis, and reporting of non-clinical animal pharmacology, pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) studies
Communicate key scientific data to project teams with clear interpretation of data and proposal of next steps
Qualifications
Ph.D. degree with a minimum of 2 years industry experience evaluating oncology or immuno-oncology drug products in preclinical efficacy models
Independently plan and execute complex anti-tumor efficacy, PK, and PD studies in mice including: cell culture, dosing (IV, SC, IP), tumor measurement, as well as the dissection of organs for subsequent ex vivo analysis
Design flow cytometry (FACS) panels and perform FACS analysis on human and murine cells, tumors, and tissues
Develop novel murine models to investigate combinatorial immuno-therapeutic strategies
Must be highly motivated and work successfully in cross-functional teams by contributing data and ideas
Demonstrated ability to multi-task, troubleshoot, think critically and interpret data
Clear and professional verbal and written communication skills, including maintaining detailed and accurate protocols and lab notebooks
Please submit resume for Req. #2039 to jobs@sutrobio.com. Please visit our website at www.sutrobio.comfor more information. Local candidates, SF Bay Area.

Sutro provides a competitive benefits package that includes a choice of health, dental, and vision insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, 401K plan, PTO, and stock options.

Sutro Biopharma is committed to the diversity of our team and we are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or religion.

Salaries listed on jobsites may not be representative of salary ranges at Sutro Biopharma.

Please be advised, inquiries or resumes from recruiters will not be accepted.",4.3,"Sutro Biopharma
4.3",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2003,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
89,Data Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"TACG is a driven Alaskan Native 8(a) professional consulting firm, that focuses on employee growth in collaboration with client delivery. Our portfolio ranges from support work with Health and Human Services to highly skilled Defense consulting. We have recently been awarded as one of INC.5000's fastest growing companies and received multiple best places to work awards. How can you help shape TACG?
Position Summary:

TACG is looking for a Data Scientist to support the business in defining information/data requirements to allow for the design, development, testing/evaluation, implementation and sustainment of critical business applications and IT capabilities. The Data Scientist will provide technical expertise in Business Intelligence (BI) tools and programming languages to support data analytics, data visualizations, and predictive analysis.

Responsibilities:
Applies analytic methodologies and principles to address client needs.
Applies analytic techniques in the evaluation of project objectives and contributes to the implementation of strategic direction.
Performs analyst functions including data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Performs data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Excellent analytical skills
Experience using SQL, Python, and R languages for statistical analysis
Experience using Tableau Desktop, Prep Builder and Reader for the generation, sustainment and viewing of data visualization dashboards
Experience in ETL, specifically with data resident on SharePoint
3 years of experience with a Bachelor's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering; or, 1 year of experience with a Master's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering.
Education & Certification Requirements:
Four year degree or a Master's Degree in Computer Science, Business, Management or related field
Preferred Skills:
Creative thinker
Strong communication skills
Proficient in MS Office suite of tools, specifically MS Excel.
Excellent team skills.
Experience or understanding of AF or DoD processes, data and systems
Disclaimer:
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions
All work will be performed in an office environment.
Physical Requirements:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The employee is frequently required to talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk; reach with hands and arms to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision.
Citizenship: United States
Security Clearance: NACI background will be required
Percent of Travel Required: Up to 10%
FLSA Status: Full-time, Exempt
Benefits:
We understand that our employees make us the great company we are, so we want to give back as much as possible. Whether it's our flexible wellness program that gives you the power to do what makes you happy or focusing on career development utilizing our tuition reimbursement, we're sure to have every benefit you're looking for, to also include; matching 401(k), Medical, Vision, and Dental Coverage and much more!

TACG is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.",4.6,"TACG Solutions
4.6","Dayton, OH",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
90,Big Data Engineer,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Big Data Engineer is responsible for engaging in the design, development and maintenance of the big data platform and solutions at Quicken Loans. This includes the platform host data sets that support various business operations and enable data-driven decisions as well as the analytical solutions that provide visibility and decision support using big data technologies. The Big Data Engineer is responsible for administering a Hadoop cluster, developing data integration solutions, resolving technical issues, and working with Data Scientists, Business Analysts, System Administrators and Data Architects to ensure the platform meets business demands. This team member also ensures that solutions are scalable, include necessary monitoring, and adhere to best practices and guidelines. The Big Data Engineer helps mentor new team members and continues to grow their knowledge of new technologies.

Responsibilities
Develop ELT processes from various data repositories and APIs across the enterprise, ensuring data quality and process efficiency
Develop data processing scripts using Spark
Develop relational and NoSQL data models to help conform data to meet users needs using Hive and HBase
Integrate platform into the existing enterprise data warehouse and various operational systems
Develop administration processes to monitor cluster performance, resource usage, backup and mirroring to ensure a highly available platform
Address performance and scalability issues in a large-scale data lake environment
Provide big data platform support and issue resolutions to Data Scientists and fellow engineers
Requirements
Master's degree in computer science, software engineering or a closely related field
2 years of experience with Hadoop distribution and ecosystem tools such as Hive, Spark, NiFi and Oozie
2 years of experience developing batch and streaming ETL processes
2 years of experience with relational and NoSQL databases, including modeling and writing complex queries
Proficiency in at least one programming language, such as Python or Java
Experience with Linux system administration, scripting and basic network skills
Excellent communication, analytical and problem-solving skills
Who We Are

Were Americas largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D. Power ranked Quicken Loans Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination for the past nine consecutive years, 2010 2018. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for five consecutive years, 2014 through 2018, each year the company was eligible. Theres a simple reason weve been so successful: We care about the people we work with.

If youre tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then youll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply wont find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named #1 in ESSENCE Magazines first ever list of Best Places to Work for African Americans in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's ""Best Places to Work in IT"" list for 13 years running, hitting #1 the last five years. We were also ranked #14 in FORTUNE Magazines list of ""100 Best Companies to Work For"" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years.",3.8,"Quicken Loans
3.8","Detroit, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
91,Project Manager/Senior Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Project Manager/Senior Scientist*
Boyle Associates, a subsidiary of CEA, is a full-service environmental consulting firm located on the working waterfront in Portland, Maine. Our staff has extensive experience in meeting client needs of early stage development and preliminary project diligence, support in developing permit applications and obtaining regulatory approvals, and supporting compliance and oversight during construction.
We support our clients on diverse projects in both terrestrial and marine environments. We work on a great variety of projects and this position offers a growth opportunity to the right applicant.

Boyle is seeking applicants for the position of Project Manager/Senior Scientist. This position is assigned to our Portland, Maine office located at 254 Commercial Street and reports to the company
Principal. The successful applicant will help to lead our company’s portfolio of projects and be responsible for managing timelines, the development of technical reports, permit documents, and regulatory applications. Preference given to those with demonstrated permitting experience in our region.

This position will closely coordinate with all Boyle staff and other companies that are part of the CEA family. Specific duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: Successfully leads projects through completion and implements standards and processes for quality assurance and quality control of all project deliverables; Coordinate field efforts and technical studies to implement a well-managed process serving the diverse needs of our clients; Analyze current business processes and document control requirements; Facilitate collection and delivery of environmental data and use analytical/planning tools; Continually seek to improve practices to add quality and value in support of Boyle’s growth and practice goals while identifying and eliminating unnecessary and redundant actions.

MINIMUM ENTRANCE REQUIREMENTS: Applicants must have at least (A) six (6) years of full-time professional, administrative, supervisory, or managerial experience in business administration, business management, public administration, public management, clinical administration or clinical management of which (B) at least two (2) years must have been in a project management, supervisory or managerial capacity working as a consultant in the New England market. This is in addition to the following;

 Willingness to learn and a positive attitude
 Ability to thrive is a fast paced and variable work environment.
 Ability to travel and work extended hours during the field season.
 Experience leading teams and overseeing and ensuring work quality of others.
 Experience using full suite of Microsoft office tools (Project, Excel, etc.)
 Ability to effectively manage data and develop organize file structures.
 Willing and capable of working as part of a team.
 Able to develop and implement complex analytical decision making under pressure.

If you are interested in joining our team please submit a resume and cover letter. Please mention the position you are applying for in your cover letter and include salary requirements. Send resume to

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Experience:
Environmental Permitting/Project Management: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location",4.5,"Boyle Associates, a subsidiary of CEA
4.5","Portland, ME",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
92,Senior Data Scientist,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Responsibilities: The NAVAIR Digital Group leads the digital transformation of NAVAIR and works to accelerate and scale digital/analytic technologies and capabilities across the NAVAIR Enterprise as a means to increase speed in the delivery and sustainment of warfighting capability. The Digital Group delivers and executes command-wide strategies that align activities and provides the workforce with agile self-service infrastructure, data accessibility, visualization and analytic tools, and digital/IT services to rapidly research, create, deploy, integrate, and maintain, applications, enterprise solutions, and other digital capabilities. NAVAIR’s digital transformation will require leveraging advanced digital tools to implement fundamentally different business models across all business, technology development, workforce, and mission operation domains. NAVAIR is committed to a digital culture that empowers the workforce to accelerate, innovate, collaborate, develop, and deliver capabilities to meet mission outcomes.
Selected candidate will:
Develop analytics methods and processes; identifies appropriate methods and tools to extract knowledge from data; leverages large volumes of data to answer challenges; prepares data for use in predictive and prescriptive modeling (data cleansing); automates organizational work through scripts for data processing and analytics; develops and applies algorithms and machine learning methods; applies analytic methods and software tools to design and develop analytic programs; performs mathematical modeling
Interact with the government customer, military personal and other contractors as required
Provide data architecture, design, engineering, business intelligence, and management support to include:
o Data plans and strategy development and execution support
o Data governance support
o Data architecture/framework assessment, design, deployment, and sustainment support
o Data science and analytic support
o Enterprise application management and support
o Research, develop, test, evaluate, and apply various analytics methods, processes, and technologies
o Provide support to apply common data analytics processes and tools across the Enterprise
Qualifications: Qualifications:
Bachelors or Master’s Degree in related filed is required plus Ten (10+) years of experience
Candidate is required to pass a Background Investigation
Security+ certification is required
An active DoD secret clearance or higher is required
Overview: Sabre Systems, Inc. is a quality driven, customer focused large business providing innovative solutions in the areas of Cyber, C4ISR, Business Intelligence and Data Analytics, and Enterprise Modernization to federal and civilian customers. Our mission is to ensure our customers have the technology, services, and expertise to overcome threats, maintain superiority, and quickly adapt to emerging obstacles. At Sabre, we're more than just a job - we're a team - and we care for and nurture our employees like family. If you want to be a part of creating and implementing enduring solutions that transform mission challenges into mission success – join Sabre!
Sabre provides an excellent benefits package, which includes healthcare, paid days off, tuition reimbursement, and a 401K plan.

We respect the unique perspectives that a diverse workforce of minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans brings not only to our company, but also to our customers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
EOE: Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor*
Job Type: Full-time",4.8,"Sabre Systems
4.8","Patuxent River, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1989,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
93,"Technology-Minded, Data Professional Opportunities",$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"At VU, we help Veterans buy homes. To make that happen, we have a variety of Technology-Minded, Data Professional Opportunities. The mantra that guides all of our Technology teams is, “see a need, fill a need.” That mentality led us to create a uniquely diverse department. We don’t just maintain vendors, but, given our special line of business, we are often creating the technological solutions we need.

The VU Technology Department includes:
Data Services
Information Security
Infrastructure Services
Product Strategy
Quantitative Strategy
Software Services
For our Data Professional Opportunities, you will work on one of the above Technology teams. Examples of these roles include:
Database Administrator
Data Engineer
Data Flow Engineer
Data Architect
Data Analyst
Data Scientist
Tableau Administrator
You are a creator and a maker. Innovation is part of your DNA. You are experienced and a subject matter expert, yet hungry to keep learning.

We’re looking for someone who can be passionate about their job and have fun doing it, who will deliver results with integrity, and who enjoys finding ways to enhance the lives of others every day.

We’ll also want to know you can demonstrate some or all of these attributes:
Familiarity/experience with system analysis and design
Ability to think critically and analytically
Ideate and facilitate creative solutions
Excel in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment
Thrive in a highly cooperative work setting
Strong knowledge of SQL
Experience working with database management systems, such as SQL Server, MySQL, and MongoDB
Relevant experience in software delivery, ideally in our native tech stack: C#/ASP.NET/MVC/WCF/SQL/IIS.
Experience with common ETL tools, especially SSIS
Experience with Big Data tools, such as Hadoop, Spark, Sqoop, Hive, etc.
Familiarity working with Windows or Linux server environments
Experience supporting data-focused applications such as RabbitMQ, Redis, ElasticSearch, etc.
Familiarity with common data-modeling concepts and tools
Proficiency in basic computer technologies
No previous mortgage experience is necessary and as you grow and gain experience, opportunities across the company are available to progress your career.

Veterans United is the nation’s #1 VA lender and over 97% of our customers would recommend us. This may sound like a brag but it's only possible because we have a team of talented and committed employees working hard, every day, to make a difference for the people we serve; the men and women who sacrificed for our country. We find it’s easy to give your best when you serve the brave.

Learn more:
Glassdoor
Careers
Veterans United and its affiliates are proud to be Equal Opportunity Employers committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected classifications. Some roles may require licensure upon hire.",4.8,"Veterans United Home Loans
4.8","Columbia, MO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
94,Senior Principal Data Scientist (Python/R),$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Roche Diagnostics has built a new strategic area – Diagnostics Information Solutions (DIS) - charged with creating a modern portfolio of decision support software products that change the way patients are cared for. Our challenge is to bring together complex diagnostic and treatment data from medical devices and IT systems within a hospital and intelligently process and present this data to clinicians, researchers, and caregivers to improve research outcomes and patient care.

As a Senior Principal Data Scientist within the Data Science & Services (DSS) team at DIS, you are responsible for conceptualizing, planning and executing advanced analytics projects to discover key insights improving NAVIFY product portfolio leading to better and more efficient patient care. In close cooperation with other more Scientists you will design and execute advanced analytics projects building on a wide range of commercial and research datasets containing deep medical information.

As a Senior Principal Data Scientist, you will also ensure that design, execution, and presentation of analytical results are adhering to industry standards and potentially improve and redefine current industry standards. You will rely on your oncology expertise, advanced analytical skills, and your ability to interact with cross-functional experts such as biostatisticians, clinical scientists and oncologists, to discover novel insights demonstrating impact of various treatment decisions, and uncover key elements leading to best outcomes for patients. In addition, you will maintain and expand knowledge of available healthcare data sources and applicable state-of-the- art analytical methodologies, large scale data processing and visualization, and languages and tools (R, Python, (no-)SQL, Hadoop, Spark, etc.).

Responsibilities Include:

Drive data science and analytical software development teams; develop solutions to support insight generation facilitating successful development, verification and commercialization of diagnostics services and products.
Contribute to broad product support initiatives, lead and deliver on complex projects, and interact with external partners without supervision.
Maintain and expand knowledge and access to available and meaningful data sources within/outside Roche, and their application to NAVIFY customer needs.
Perform high quality, timely and accurate analyses using most relevant state-of-the-art methodologies, tools and resources.
Committed to offering innovation, finding opportunities to enhance ways of working (including processes, methods, technology etc.) and sharing new techniques and lessons learned pro-actively with peers.
Use and continue to foster strong working relationships with global colleagues and customers and builds a strong network in order to jointly explore vendor relationships, data assets, analytical methodologies and toolsets.
Build and maintain partnerships with other data scientists and analysts, biostatistics, medical and business leaders, and other key functional experts.
Responsible for planning and timely delivery of assigned projects.
Drive creation of best practices to other team members. Proactively share learnings/experience with colleagues both internal and external to the function.
Act as a positive role model for peers and help coach colleagues to improve in their role with both technical and interpersonal skills.
Influence as thought leader in your industry and an influential subject matter expert to your team members and the businesses you support.
Leverage strategic organizational awareness and systems mindset to implement sustainable, science based practices.

Who you are:

Data savvy creative thinker, problem solver and mentor.
Reliable team player, strong collaborator with ability to influence and a thought partner/leader. Organizationally savvy, systems thinker.
Excellent communication skills, effective stakeholder management ability. Life learner, constructive at giving and receiving feedback.
Strong solution finding, resiliency and a sense of ownership; Effective prioritization skills, attention to detail and accuracy; Adaptable, embraces and endorses change.

Minimum Skills and Experience:

Master’s degree (PhD strongly preferred) in a Data Science or related field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics, etc.) required plus 16 years of experience; or PhD and 12 years of experience.
Graduate training or experience in biological/medical field is highly preferred.
Strong background in Oncology, either by education or professional experience.
Strong Programming experience with R, Python, and/or other quantitative software.
Strong experience in applying statistical modeling, machine learning, exploratory, and confirmatory data analysis in mid to large volume biomedical data sets.
Experience using big data platforms such as Hadoop (Spark is a plus).
In-depth knowledge of relational database principles and corresponding query language skills (e.g. SQL) is of interest.
Familiarity with regulatory framework and guidelines for pharma/diagnostics products is a plus.
Good knowledge of English in a business environment.
Excellent communication skills with an ability to negotiate successfully; strong influencing skills; self-contained and outgoing approach.
Strong solution finding, prioritization and attention to details skills while embracing/endorsing change.

Roche is an equal opportunity employer.

Research & Development, Research & Development > Modelling & Simulation",4.1,"Roche
4.1","Santa Clara, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1896,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
95,Senior Data Engineer,$115k-$184k (Glassdoor Est.),"Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse engineering teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/

Position Summary:

As a member of the Software Engineering team, the Senior Data Engineer owns the definition, execution, and delivery of technical architecture for Brain Corporation's Product Analytics team. Your work will improve the quality, reliability, accuracy, and consistency of our data. You will help build project-specific data pipelines and validation tools. You will have a hands-on role with product specialists and be responsible for working with them to understand data requirements and then implement those requirements in software.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Fully own critical portions of Brain Corporation's product analytics data model.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand needs, model tables using data warehouse best practices, and develop data pipelines to ensure the timely delivery of high-quality data.
Work with technical and product stakeholders to understand data-oriented project requirements.
Write code that is understandable, simple, and easy to maintain.
Design, implement and ensure the accuracy of validation and related services for data models.
Think and work agile, including automated testing, continuous integration and deployment.
Manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritizing when necessary.
What you need:
Bachelor's in Computer Science or other related field.
5-8+ years software development experience.
Passionate about data quality and delivering effective data to impact the business.
Experience with sourcing and modeling data from application REST-like APIs.
MPP/Cloud data warehouse solutions (Snowflake, etc).
Proficiency in SQL, experience writing ETLs.
Proficiency in JavaScript/Node.js, Python, or willingness to translate experience in equivalent language.
Things that make a difference:
Master's in Computer Science or other related field.
Experience with Kafka, AMQP or other message bus.
OpenAPI/Swagger.
Express.js, NestJS.
SAML, OKTA.
Azure experience is a plus.
Being comfortable outside of your comfort zone - explore new tech, make your own tool, or find a new way to address an old problem.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; using hands to finger, grasp, and feel; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; lift, push, carry, or pull up to 10 pounds.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employee is exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones.",3.5,"Brain Corp
3.5","San Diego, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
96,Data Scientist BSLEF8,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"E3/Sentinel’s Homeland Security Enterprise (HSE) division is an integrated organizational entity fostering increased collaboration and synergies across the Homeland domain. HSE combines the skills and talents of over 245 (and growing) E3S employees and subcontractor staff supporting multiple components across DHS, including but not limited to: U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), Transportation Security Administration (TSA), U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), Science and Technology Directorate (S&T), Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office (CWMD), Federal Protective Services (FPS), and the DHS Headquarters Management Directorate. Our team provides rapid, innovative and specialized solutions that enable our HSE clients to success at meeting dynamic mission objectives.

Each day U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) oversees the massive flow of people, capital, and products that enter and depart the United States via air, land, sea, and cyberspace. The volume and complexity of both physical and virtual border crossings require the application of “big data” solutions to promote efficient trade and travel. Further, effective “big data” solutions help CBP ensure the movement of people, capital, and products is legal, safe, and secure.
In response to this challenge, E3/Sentinel, as a trusted mission partner of CBP, seeks capable, qualified, and versatile data scientists to help lead the development and delivery of high-quality predictive modelling solutions. Successful applicants will serve as recognized subject matter experts in the application of quantitative methods, machine learning algorithms, and predictive models to address complex national and homeland security challenges. They will help our team to leverage large structured and unstructured datasets to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. Project tasks include data collection, mining, data and text analytics, clustering analysis, pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification and categorization, and entity resolution to implement and enhance automated risk assessment. The products we develop provide actionable insight with real and immediate impact on the safety and security of the United States, its citizens, visitors, and economy.

Lead and perform hands-on analysis and modeling involving the creation of intervention hypotheses and experiments, assessment of data needs and available sources, determination of optimal analytical approaches, performance of exploratory data analysis, and feature generation (e.g., identification, derivation, aggregation).
Collaborate with mission stakeholders to define, frame, and scope mission challenges where big data interventions may offer important mitigations and develop robust project plans with key milestones, detailed deliverables, robust work tracking protocols, and risk mitigation strategies.
Demonstrate proficiency in extracting, cleaning, and transforming CBP transactional and mission data associated within an identified problem space to build predictive models as well as develop appropriate supporting documentation.
Leverage expert knowledge of a variety of statistical and machine learning techniques and methods to define and develop programming algorithms; train, evaluate, and deploy predictive analytics models that directly inform mission decisions.
Execute projects including those intended to identify patterns and/or anomalies in large datasets; perform automated text/data classification and categorization as well as entity recognition, resolution and extraction; and named entity matching.
Brief project management, technical design, and outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences including senior government stakeholders throughout the model development/ project lifecycle through written as well as in-person reporting.

Bachelor’s Degree (required), Master’s or Ph.D. degree (preferred) in operations research, industrial engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science/engineering, or other related technical fields with equivalent practical experience
Significant experience in developing machine learning models and applying advanced analytics solutions to solve complex business problems.
Proficiency with statistical software packages: SAS, SPSS Modeler, R, WEKA, or equivalent.
Experience with programming languages: R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.
Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.
Experience with unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.
Experience working with large-scale (e.g., terabyte and petabyte) unstructured and structured data sets and databases.
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Completed CBP Background Investigation clearance (active or re-instate-able)

Experience with big data technologies (e.g., Hadoop, HIVE, HDFS, HBase, MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, Sqoop).
Proficiency with Unsupervised Machine Learning methods including Cluster Analysis (e.g., K-means, K-nearest Neighbor, Hierarchical, Deep Belief Networks, Principal Component Analysis), Segmentation, etc.
Proficiency with Supervised Machine Learning methods including Decision Trees, Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Random/Rotation Forests, Categorization/Classification, Neural Nets, Bayesian Networks, etc.
Experience with pattern recognition and extraction, automated classification, categorization, and entity resolution (e.g., record linking, named-entity matching, deduplication/ disambiguation).
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Experience with visualization tools and techniques (e.g., Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics, PowerBI).

E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Alexandria, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
97,Principal Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Figure

At Figure, we're on a mission to transform financial services through blockchain, bringing speed, efficiency and savings to both consumers and institutions.

Accomplishing this kind of transformation requires building really big things. And we understand that building big requires a creative, team oriented and supportive environment where everyone can do their absolute best work. The Figure team is comprised of incredibly driven, innovative, collaborative and curious people who love architecting and building from scratch. Everyone at the company is encouraged to be an individual contributor but also a team collaborator.

We value team members who bring an entrepreneurial mindset to every task and will embrace our culture of innovation. Every day at Figure is a journey in continuous learning yet a daily focus on getting work done that makes a difference.

This is an opportunity to work with a team of proven leaders who have already created billions of dollars in value in the Fintech space. Join us!

About the Role

Each member of the Data team plays an integral part of what we are building at Figure. We rely on advanced techniques in machine learning, cloud platforms and big data to drive decisions across the organization. If you are interested in working with an impressive team of Data pros who collaborate and challenge each other, and want to solve interesting problems to propel the company's growth, apply now!

What You'll Do
Develop custom models and algorithms to apply to large datasets, as well as, processes for monitoring and analyzing their performance.
Mine and analyze data from different resources, and use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, customer acquisition, underwriting and other business outcomes.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business decisions.
Understand and apply proper risk framework to your analysis and modeling.
Collaborate cross functionally to implement models and monitor outcomes.
What We Look For
8+ years of hands on Data Science experience building Models and partnering with stakeholders to make business decisions
Credit and Risk modeling experience in consumer finance
Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on translating real-life problems into a concrete model development strategy. Blend academic rigor with a sense of pragmatism for rapidly prototyping and delivering solutions.
Experienced in using Python for analysis and modeling (TensorFlow is a big plus)
Experience applying a wide range of statistical techniques to large data sets, and understanding their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Experience using web services (AWS, GCP), and distributed data/computing tools (Spark, Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, etc.)
Excellent cross-functional communication skills.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Benefits To You
Competitive salary based on experience and skills
Firm-wide performance based bonus
Competitive stock options package as an early member of the team
A flexible paid time off and vacation policy
Comprehensive health, vision, dental insurance
Company FSA, 401k, work from home benefits
And much more to come!
Figure will not sponsor work visas for this position. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.",4.4,"Figure
4.4","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2018,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
98,Biological Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311168

Directorate: Earth and Biological Sciences Directorate

Division: Biological Sciences

Group: Biological Systems Science
*Job Description**
The new Computational Biology Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is seeking a senior data scientist to join our team to execute on existing projects as well as lead in the development of new research proposals. Expertise in statistics, analysis of omic data, biomarker discovery, software development, proposal development and working in multidisciplinary teams are highly relevant.

The data scientist will contribute to diverse fundamental science research programs studying human health problems such as cancer and infectious diseases as well as microbial communities and environmental microbiology. The candidate will be responsible for data analysis from various high-throughput omics platforms, such as DNA/RNA sequence data, proteomics and metabolomics. The position involves technical work with complex multi-omics data from ongoing studies, focusing on application of methods for analysis, data integration, and machine learning. The incumbent will define and carry out the application of existing methodologies, as well as perform original research in the field of computational biology as needed to extract meaning from complex biological data. In addition to technical research, this position expects participation in publishing, project leadership, and business development.

The ideal candidate should have a strong statistics and programming skills with knowledge of fundamental basic biology. The candidate should have good communication skills with a demonstrated capability to perform multi-disciplinary, collaborative research. The candidate should also have an interest in applying new approaches and knowledge to science problems associated with human health, bioenergy, and carbon cycling. The candidate should be highly proficient in at least on programming language (Python, R, e.g.) and have experience in software development practices (version control, unit testing, etc.).
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ BS/BA with 5 years of experience, MS/MA with 3 years of experience, or PhD with 1 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ MS/MA or PhD in statistics, biostatistics, bioinformatics or a closely related field.

+ Significant experience with software development tools (GitHub) and Python or R development experience

+ Demonstrated ability to collaborate within and across institutions
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Closing Statement**
+ U.S. Citizenship

_Directorate:_ _Earth & Biological Sciences_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Biological Systems Science_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-09-04_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-09-24_",3.8,"PNNL
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
99,Data Insights Consultant,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Insights Consultant

Background of this search: The main function of the Knowledge, Innovation and Communication (KIC) Sector is to: (i) help the IDB Group to identify, build, apply, and disseminate high-quality knowledge, as well as to develop and use learning products that enable the building of technical and general competencies; (ii) promote an internal culture of innovation by providing experience, networks, and methodologies and expediting the adoption of innovative solutions; and (iii) expand the audience that uses the Bank’s products and position the brand through internal and external communication.

The Innovation and Creativity Division (KIC/ICD) supports strengthening the Bank’s internal capacities to innovate through raising awareness, building capacity, and developing innovative and creative products to development challenges. We collect and disseminate lessons learned from innovative practices; design and implement capacity building products for IDB Group teams, while leveraging strategic partnerships with the private sector and academia to catalyze innovation; and facilitate the design of innovative products which have the potential to be replicable and scalable in the Latin American and Caribbean region through the adoption of disruptive technologies and creativity.

The team’s mission: As part of KIC/ICD’s effort to foster innovation within the IDB Group, the division is striving to make future trends tangible so Bank teams can prepare for the complexity of tomorrow. The division’s Data Insights offering seeks to align Bank teams’ priorities with emerging trends – leveraging trend research, as well as external and internal data sets to determine new pathways. First, by conducting research on emerging and cutting-edge technologies, solutions, and trends, KIC/ICD is helping Bank teams to keep up to date with the latest developments, incorporate an outside perspective into their sector-specific work, and implement innovative solutions for their clients. Second, by facilitating access to and usage of external and internal data sets, KIC/ICD is helping Bank teams to gain insights into unknown correlations, patterns, and trends among data and to leverage these insights to design relevant solutions for their clients. To that end, the Bank is maintaining a portal for offering data opportunities, managing proposals for accessing data sets, and sharing documentation and support resources around those data sets and a data engineering infrastructure for ingestion, provisioning, and analysis of data.
What you’ll do:
Conduct trend research to support Bank teams in keeping up to date with emerging and cutting-edge technologies, solutions, and trends around a diverse set of fields, incorporating an outside perspective into their sector-specific work, and maximizing impact in IDB Group operational projects by enabling the implementation of innovative solutions for the Bank’s clients.
Facilitate Bank teams in utilizing external and internal data sets in research and operational projects. This includes promoting the available data offering across Bank teams, identifying opportunities to leverage data in operational projects, reviewing proposals for accessing data sets available in the Bank’s data catalogue, facilitating provisioning of data sets, conducting onboarding sessions to bring Bank teams up to speed with utilizing unfamiliar data sets, as well as supporting Bank teams in leveraging data sets to gain insights relevant for their projects.
Support the further development of data science capacity across IDB Group teams. This includes identification of data analysis needs among Bank teams (data needs, tool needs, training needs, etc.).
Promote best practices in data science across IDB Group teams and guide data scientists in solving specific questions and challenges around the use of data. This includes technical (such as source code management, documentation, etc.), legal (data license agreement compliance, etc.), and ethical (data privacy, data security, etc.) aspects of collecting, storing, using, sharing, archiving, and destroying data.
Facilitate the creation of a community of data scientists across IDB Group teams, as well as with partner organizations by promoting collaboration among data scientists and facilitating knowledge transfer between teams. This includes monitoring progress of data science projects, facilitate sharing of results, experiences, and lessons learned from projects, support the organization of periodic knowledge sharing events in collaboration with partner organizations, and facilitate peer programming across data science teams.
Contribute to the further elaboration KIC/ICD’s internal Data Insights offering to better support Bank teams in leveraging trend research, as well as external and internal data sets in research and operational projects. Keep up to speed with changing data science methods, technologies, and tools. Explore new opportunities to leverage data to help the IDB Group fulfill its mission of improving lives.
What you’ll need:
Citizenship: You are a citizen of one of our 48-member countries. We may offer assistance with relocation and visa applications for you and your eligible dependents.
Consanguinity: You have no family members (up to fourth degree of consanguinity and second degree of affinity, including spouse) working at the IDB Group.
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Data Sciences, Computer Sciences, Engineering or an equivalent discipline with focus on data ingestion, processing, analysis, and visualization. Master’s degree or equivalent preferable but not required.
Experience: at least 3 years of work experience.
Languages: You are fluent (oral and written) in both English and Spanish. Additional fluency in Portuguese and/or French is a plus.
Core and Technical Competencies:

Besides good coding skills and a comprehensive understanding of the data lifecycle, you have at least 3 years of experience in data analysis (with focus on languages and tools such as Python, JupyterLab, R, R Studio, and/or Stata) and data visualization (Tableau and/or Power BI).
Experiences with big data, machine learning (Amazon Sage Maker, Scikit-Learn), and geospatial analysis (Esri ArcGIS, GeoPandas) tools and methods are a plus.
Experiences with cloud-based data storage (Amazon S3, Azure Data Lake, Azure File Share) and computation technologies (Apache Hardoop, Apache Spark, Azure Databricks) are also a plus.
In addition, knowledge about data engineering processes and tools, along with experiences with trend research and market intelligence (CB Insights) would be ideal.
You have excellent qualitative as well as quantitative research skills.
You are a team player and connect easily with people, both inside and outside the organization.
You have good communication and presentation skills and have experiences in explaining complex technical concepts to audiences without subject-matter background.
You are results oriented.
Project management experiences are a plus.
Opportunity Summary:

Type of contract: Consultant
Length of contract: 12 months
Location: IDB Headquarters in Washington, D.C., U.S.A.
Responsible Person: Operations Lead Specialist, Innovation and Creativity Division
Requirements: You must be a citizen of one of the IDB’s 48-member countries and have no family members currently working at the IDB Group.
Our culture: Our people are committed and passionate about improving lives in Latin-America and the Caribbean, and they get to do what they love in a diverse, collaborative and stimulating work environment. We are the first Latin American and Caribbean development institution to be awarded the EDGE certification, recognizing our strong commitment to gender equality. As an employee you can be part of internal resource groups that connect our diverse community around common interests.

Because we are committed to providing equal opportunities in employment, we embrace all diversity and encourage women, LGBTQ , persons with disabilities, afro-descendants, and indigenous people to apply.

About us: At the IDB, we’re committed to improving lives. Since 1959, we’ve been a leading source of long-term financing for economic, social, and institutional development in Latin America and the Caribbean. We do more than lending though. We partner with our 48-member countries to provide Latin America and the Caribbean with cutting-edge research about relevant development issues, policy advice to inform their decisions, and technical assistance to improve on the planning and execution of projects. For this, we need people who not only have the right skills, but also are passionate about improving lives.

Our team in Human Resources carefully reviews all applications.

“Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic and its implications for our Region, the IDB Group is reviewing its hiring needs and re-prioritizing its areas of talent acquisition. We encourage candidates to continue to apply to the active postings, yet current job openings may be subject to further decisions in terms of timing of the processes, or other actions, in accordance with business needs. Final hiring decisions may also be conditioned to the candidate’s ability to timely relocate to the post of duty at the moment of starting service.”",3.8,"Inter-American Development Bank
3.8","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1959,Other Organization,Banks & Credit Unions,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
100,Medical Lab Scientist (MLS) Mercy Health St. Elizabeth Boardman,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Thank you for considering a career at Mercy Health

$3000 Sign On Bonus

SUMMARY OF JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

A Medical Lab Scientist (MLS) Medical Technologist (MT) performs high to moderately complex testing as defined by CLIA CFR 42 on body fluids, cells and products; collects and processes biological specimens for analysis; integrates and relates data generated by the various clinical laboratory departments while making judgments regarding possible discrepancies; confirming abnormal results; verifying quality control procedures; developing solutions to problems concerning the generation of laboratory data; maintains accuracy and precision; performs preventive and corrective maintenance of equipment and instruments as well as identifying appropriate sources for repairs; evaluates new techniques, instruments and procedures; applies principles of troubleshooting, analytical thinking to evaluate processes; applies principles of educational clinical methodologies; recognizes and acts upon individual needs for continuing education. Displays professionalism in accordance with the Mercy Health Philosophy and mission; demonstrates the Mercy Health values and competencies in the role as a member of the shared lab services health care team.

QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION:

Baccalaureate Degree, Medical Technology (BSMT)

Effective, January 1, 2015, certification by the American Society of Clinical Pathologists (ASCP) or equivalent must be completed within or by the end of the first calendar year of employment based on the employee’s official hire date. If certification is not completed by the end of the first year of the official hire date, employment is terminated.

EXPERIENCE:

A new graduate or a Medical Technologist from another hospital is given an orientation of approximately two (2-3) months to acquaint him/herself with methods, hospital, policies, procedures, etc.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS:

Has in depth knowledge of specialized field of medical technology. Must possess broad working knowledge of general lab testing, and/or learn a specialized area as assigned. Must analyze and interpret complex information and determine a course of action based on general guidelines. May modify existing forms, procedures or methods as needed. May use highly sophisticated equipment requiring extensive training. Must possess manual dexterities to centrifuge and separate specimens; pipette solutions, mix, shake, or layer reagents and specimens; read and be able to differentiate on the basis; read test results by use of colorimeters, spectrophotometers, electronic counts, etc. Compute data, record and report results through proper channels. Must be proficient on the laboratory and hospital computer system.· PROBLEM SOLVING/DECISION MAKING:

Assignments are often diverse. Makes decisions based on policy, technical knowledge. general principles and facts, or on consultation if needed with pathologist, manager. May adapt standard principles to changed/new conditions. Solutions generally based on past precedent with some risk taking involved in new approaches. Resolve complex clinical problems in highly complex testing areas. Job requires judgment to adapt existing knowledge base to new situations, projects and new test methodologies. Must be able to make sound decisions based on abstract data. Is required to follow through on problems to arrive at a solution/decision and report outcomes through appropriated channels. Exercises independent judgment for analyzing problems, reporting Q.C. oversight of highly complex tests.

· SCOPE OF IMPACT/ACCOUNTABILITY:

Is responsible for work area and may be asked to be in charge of lab section(s) as assigned. Accountability and decisions made directly impact operation of work area. Has direct accountability for accuracy of test results, method performance. Provides information regularly to clinical decision-making processes. May be accountable for determining testing personnel resource allocation in work areas by consulting with team or peers or management. Level of decision making, and testing responsibility may directly impact quality of patient outcomes. Is accountable to ensure all functions performed comply to regulatory and Q.C. standards and is responsible to analyze/interpret clinical data and report results to physician.

· INTERPERSONAL COMMUNICATION:

Conveys basic facts, interprets information, some complex. Provides team leadership by training/teaching others, responds to non-routine inquiries from others who may not be knowledgeable in subject area, requires understanding of other expectations/perspectives to collaborate and reach consensus on solutions. Requires sensitivity and tact to present/discuss confidential information. Interacts daily with nursing staff/physicians, maintains excellent telephone and verbal communication skills. Maintains excellent written communication skills to write protocols and procedures for testing.

PRINCIPAL JOB ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Per CLIA CFR 42, performs qualitative/quantitative analysis of body fluids and other appropriate specimens by following established laboratory policies, protocols and test procedures. Works as assigned in multiple functional clinical areas, maintaining multiple clinical skills.
Operates automated and computerized instrumentation to perform requested test procedures; performs maintenance and troubleshooting procedures on equipment to assure optimal instrumentation function at all times.
Performs quality control as established by policy to assure the accuracy of all test results generated; documents quality control on appropriated records to verify correct instrument and test performance.
Establishes and maintains specimen’s integrity for proper identification and analytical requirements; performs specimen processing and dispatching as needed.
Correlates each specimen with the appropriate test result by direct computer entry or by documentation on appropriate worksheets or instrument printouts; releases test results to nursing units or physicians by computer, phone, or written report.
1 Visually compares results printed on instrument printouts with results displayed on CRT, analyzes data for delta deviations, acts on data to interpret next steps.
Works productively and efficiently to provide accurate test results abiding with the error rate policy; organizes workload to honor requests in order of priority as established by laboratory policy and protocol.
Calls all test results exceeding the critical values established by laboratory policy to the physician or nursing unit and documents the critical test result notification.
1 Must be able to communicate via telephone to notify primary care personnel of critical value results and/or specimen problems. Follows through with problems by investigating, documenting, acting upon decision, and reporting outcome to supervisor.
Demonstrates technical knowledge of analytical methodologies and responds to inquiries regarding specimen requirements and departmental protocol. Demonstrates skill at MH communication competencies by consistent sound clinical decision making.
Performs phlebotomy/donor draw duties as required; follows departmental procedures for specimen collection and for specimen and patient identification; performs venipuncture and capillary puncture; demonstrates knowledge of specimen collection techniques and equipment. Collects other non-invasive specimens as required/assigned.
Records workload performed and other statistics; documents quality control, QA troubleshooting, and problems as per protocol; participates in the collection and compilation of data for statistical reporting.
Participates in laboratory continuing education programs when schedule permits; assumes personnel responsibility for continual professional development and knowledge enrichment. Participates in required safety and competency programs. Is accountable to maintain competency skills, completes testing within assigned time frame required competency testing.
Assist in the orientation/training of personnel and/or students - MT’s, MLT’s, Phlebotomists, Residents, Externs or as assigned.
Complies with all established hospital lab laboratory safety and infection control procedures.
Demonstrates a high level of mental and emotional tolerance and even temperament when dealing with people; using tact, sensitivity, sound judgment and professional attitude with relating with staff members.
When requested, demonstrates the ability to present self in a professional manner and reach out to the community; assist in the community service programs as required; assists in promoting the public relations efforts of the institution.
Respects, at all times, the confidentiality of patient records and uses complete discretion when discussing patient matters.
Completes all assigned procedures during shift and regularly uses time efficiently to departmental advantage.
Rounds to units and/or interacts with other department personnel as assigned to assess laboratory services, troubleshoot processes, act as service representative for clinical issues.
Assumes coordination/oversight of functional department operations as assigned or during the absence of the section supervisor/coordinator.
Recognizes deviation from expected results. Analyzes and corrects results using scientific principles.
Helps evaluate new techniques and procedures in terms of personnel and space requirements. Performs method comparisons, writes and revises technical procedures.
Performs special projects as assigned, is change oriented and willing to learn news techniques and new functions. Demonstrates willingness to work on special projects, long and short term. Willingly accepts responsibilities for functional oversight of equipment and/or Q.C./clinical processes, demonstrates accountability for/proficiency on assigned areas of responsibility.
Performs proficiency surveys meeting all requirements of performance and reporting as defined by the College of American Pathologists survey program and CLIA.
Maintains adequate inventory of assigned supplies by counting stock, ordering replacements, monitoring shipments.
Participates in quality assurance and quality improvement activities.
Works a flexible schedule based on operational needs. Works in clinical sections, shifts, holidays as assigned.
Answers telephone calls in a courteous helpful manner, using first name as identification at all times. Maintains accurate phone logs documenting calls. Answers all calls within five rings; determines the nature of all calls prior to transferring them to the appropriate laboratory sections or personnel; gives laboratory reports to patient care facilities which do not have access to the hospital computer system. Handles appropriately all problem telephone calls. Documents actions on QA, reports to management or coordinator any unresolved issues.
Performs and utilizes all laboratory computer functions accurately as per protocols.
Displays effective communications by maintaining good listening skills and being courteous and discrete with personnel, physicians and patients. Maintains confidentiality of records at all times.
Works productively and efficiently; completes assigned tasks and willingly helps others as needed. Functions as a team player and works with peers in an effective manner. Organizes workload to honor requests in order of priority as established by laboratory policy and protocol.
Legibly and accurately completes all required documentation. Completes/documents accurately on QA forms all out of the ordinary situations, follows through on problems in a responsible manner.
Works in a fast paced, situational environment and is change adaptable. May be assigned to a project or work area as deemed necessary. Works in a multi-site environment and may be assigned to any IDN site lab/draw site/test site/work area as needed.
Maintains acceptable competency skills in assigned work areas. Completes studies, and all assigned competency testing within expected timeframe.
Maintains an acceptable error rate (quality performance criteria) as defined by section policy.
Works as a team member in the shared lab services environment, in a cooperative, consensus building environment; prioritizes time and goals to align with lab goals, is helpful and cooperative, gives suggestions for improvement.
CONTINUING EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:

In keeping with HMHP Laboratories ongoing commitment to both promote and ensure continued learning and competency of Medical Technologists, a minimum of twelve (12) continuing education units (CEUs) per year must be completed. Continuing education within all Laboratory related disciplines such as blood banking, chemistry, hematology, microbiology, etc or in other related Laboratory subjects such as safety, quality control, and quality assurance are essential. As an employee of MH Laboratories, at least minimum CEUs will be provided at no cost to the employee. Participation in CAP inspections, medical or professional webinars or presentations, hospital required learning programs, etc. also qualify as continuing education.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

Occasional – 1 to 33% of workday

Frequent – 34 – 66% of workday

Constant – 67 – 100% of workday

Not at all – 0% of workday

Occasional

Sitting, Unilateral Vertical Reach 36-72”, lift 0-20#, 6-36” from floor; lift 0-20#, 36-48” from floor; climbing stairs; operating machines (2 hand(s)).

Frequent

Unilateral Horizontal Reach 0-18”; push/pull 100’, 19ft.lbs.

Constant

Standing, walking: 2.3 mph, 0 incline; bilateral fine motor manipulation; functional near, far, color vision aided or unaided; functional hearing aid or unaided; functional verbal communication skills; working overtime as assigned to meet operational/patient care demands.

Not at All

Hold 200# patient sideling while doing procedure x 2 min; roll 200# patient away/toward self; transfer 105# person chair-chair 5x/hr. with gait belt; bed-cart transfer with 200# person and assist of one with sheet; lift 0- ___# 6-36” from floor; lift 0- ___# 6-72” from floor; climbing ladders, working from heights, crawling, kneeling, running, operating machines: (2 foot/feet).

Category II Job Classification – MH employees who have jobs with tasks that rarely involve exposure to blood, body fluids, or tissues and have no contact with used sharps.

Job Hazard Risks:

Lifting

Infectious Disease Exposure

Hazard Materials Exposure (Nuclear, Biological, Chemical)

Workplace Violence Potential

The above statements are only meant to be a representative summary of the major duties and responsibilities performed by incumbents of this job. The incumbents may be requested to perform job-related tasks other than those stated in this description.

Mercy Health is an equal opportunity employer.

We’ll also reward your hard work with:

Comprehensive, affordable medical, dental and vision plans
Prescription drug coverage
Flexible spending accounts
Life insurance w/AD&D
An employer-matched 403(b) for those who qualify.
Paid time off
Educational Assistance
And much more

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Work Shift:

All

Department:

Core Laboratory - St. Elizabeth Boardman

All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, or protected veteran status, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you’d like to view a copy of the affirmative action plan or policy statement for Mercy Health – Youngstown, Ohio or Bon Secours – Franklin, Virginia; Petersburg, Virginia; and Emporia, Virginia, which are Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, please email recruitment@mercy.com. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact The Talent Acquisition Team at recruitment@mercy.com",3.6,"Mercy Health
3.6","Youngstown, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1973,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
101,Cloud Data Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview
Cloud Data Engineer
Familiar with Google Cloud, Azure and AWS
Proficient in Python, ML and AI models",5.0,"Maestro Technologies
5.0",New Jersey,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2003,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
102,Technical Services Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Technical Services Scientist*
Fareva* is currently seeking an experienced *Technical Services Scientist* to join our team in *Richmond, VA.* *Job Description: *
The incumbent is responsible for tasks associated with the technical transfer of batch manufacturing and/or packaging processes for personal care products in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry. This role is also responsible for working on cross functional project teams as a technical liaison between customer R&D representatives and Fareva plant Operations and Quality stakeholders.

Primary responsibilities will center on manufacturing and processes from developmental pilots through full scale validation to current regulatory GMP standards. This position requires a strong aptitude for analytical thinking, technical writing, and good communication skills necessary for effective contribution on customer-facing teams. Other efforts supported in this role include investigative root cause analysis and CAPA recommendations, process optimization, and qualification of raw materials and packaging components.
Job Responsibilities: *
Work may include projects and tasks in any or all of the following stages:
Laboratory Bench-scale batching
GMP Pilot scale production – Batch analyses and process optimization
Participate on Technology Transfer sub-teams when technologies, processes or products are being transferred between commercial manufacturing sites
Process Validation – Provide technical oversight to manufacturing and packaging operations teams; Technical writing of formal protocols and validation reports
Investigations and Corrective Actions support
Troubleshoot and resolve simple to moderately complex process issues, diagnosing technical problems and identifying short- and long-term solutions
Develop and implement methods to systematically evaluate manufacturing process and equipment problems, analyze process data from equipment failures, and make recommendations to prevent recurrences
Cost/benefit analyses
Post-Validation Process Monitoring and Commitments
Projects must achieve business, quality, and compliance objectives, and must be executed in a manner that assures full compliance with government regulations and internal company standards and values.
Job Requirements*
Education and Experience: *
Minimum of B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering or Chemistry. Other bachelor degrees may be acceptable when supplemented with technical work experience in a manufacturing or research setting.
Skills and Abilities: *
Ability to analyze data and translate it into meaningful conclusions
Write clear and concise technical reports, business evaluations, process descriptions, and standard operating procedures, with some input from supervision
Effective active listening Skills.
Fosters open communication with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Articulates important issues and solutions to both technical and non-technical peers and to department management.
Lean and Six Sigma concepts are preferred: Identification of process waste, SPC, risk analysis, and the measurement and characterization of process performance, etc.
Able to operate some subset of production and laboratory equipment or instruments, such as mixers, tachometers, pH meters, etc
Assimilates new knowledge skills, and job-related information that may vary in complexity, and applies them to work assignments in a timely manner.
Compensation and Benefits: *
Compensation is commensurate with experience
Benefits package available
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",3.0,"FAREVA Richmond
3.0","Henrico, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
103,Data Engineer (StudentTracker 3.0),$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Role:


If you are a self-starter, thrive in a fast-paced environment, and get energized about driving new data driven services, then this job is for you!

The Clearinghouse is seeking a hands-on Engineer, Data with a solid background in Data Warehouse architectures, metadata management, data profiling, data modeling, data quality and a proven ability to learn quickly, effectively collaborate with others, and successfully design and implement solutions. Using their excellent communication and presentation skills, the Engineer socializes technical concepts and builds consensus with internal stakeholders.

The Engineer works with the business and development teams to design and implement the appropriate data solutions for Clearinghouse database-driven applications and services. The Engineer accomplishes this by performing data analysis of current and future systems and services, educating on industry best practices and policies, creating proposed database component designs and data models, and working with the architecture and development teams to refine and implement these designs.

How You Contribute:
Develop and maintain the PL/SQL Packages.
Develop and maintain ETL code.
Design Data Marts and create data models.
Work with Data owners to document and maintain Data Dictionary.
Develop scripts to maintain data quality and deploying data changes across different environments
Monitor, assess and optimize data processing performance.
Demonstrate NSC’s competencies, which align with our corporate values.
Core Competencies include: Customer Focus, Optimizes Work Processes, Collaborates, Communicates Effectively, and Be Open and Authentic.
Manager will provide more detail to candidates as needed.
Position may be required to perform other duties as required. These essential functions are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the job. Reasonable accommodations will be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform these essential functions.

What You Bring to the Table:
Bachelor’s degree required in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or Information Systems, or some equivalent combination of education and experience, including through military service.
Proficient in:
PL/SQL programming typically acquired through 4-7 years of experience programming with this technology.
Developing scripts using Shell, Python or similar language.
Experience with:
Working on an Agile/Scrum development
Cloud and open source-based data management technologies like AWS Redshift, DynamoDB, Postgres, Glue and Kinesis
Version control tools such as SVN, GIT, AWS Code Commit
Proficient with:
Data Warehouse production maintenance.
ETL/ELT development.
OLTP and data warehouse design.
Metadata management.
Creating and implementing data models.
Database performance monitoring and SQL optimization.
Excellent communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to work independently and directly with the data owners to gather requirements and architect change.
Live within a commutable distance of Pittsburgh, PA.
Additional Desired Requirements:
Experience with Oracle technologies including Oracle database and ODI.
Physical Demands:

Use of a computer terminal and/or laptop computer for 8 or more hours a day.
Use of a copy machine, and telephone.
Frequently required to sit for 7 or more hours per day in close proximity to others in an open office environment.
Occasionally required to use hands and fingers to operate, handle, and reach.
Vision abilities include close vision and the ability to adjust focus.
Must be able to travel occasionally via car, train, and/or airplane as needed.",3.1,"National Student Clearinghouse
3.1","Pittsburgh, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1993,Nonprofit Organization,Colleges & Universities,Education,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
104,"Software Engineer (Data Scientist, C,C++,Linux,Unix) - SISW - MG",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"During the current global health crisis, the priority for Siemens Digital Industries Software is the health and well-being of our entire community including current and future employees, which may add time to our hiring processes. We appreciate your patience and invite you to visit our website to learn more about how Siemens is responding to the pandemic.
Company: SISW - MG
Job Title: Software Engineer (Data Scientist, C,C++,Linux) - 189288
Job Location: USA - CA - Fremont
Job Category: R&D SW Engineering

Job Description:

We are looking for a highly motivated engineer to work in the RET team in the Calibre business unit. In this role you will be responsible for analyzing modeling data (experimental and synthetic/simulated) and coming up with novel ways to organize it, while deriving meaningful operations and extracting maximum information from this data.

You will also be expected to develop supporting software that will be properly integrated in the modeling suite of tools that are used specifically in modeling of semiconductor manufacturing.

You will be teaming up with a group of senior software engineers contributing to final production-level quality of new components and algorithms and to support existing components.

This is a unique role that will challenge you and allow you to grow in interdisciplinary areas of software engineering and data analysis.

Knowledge and experience in the area of data science/data analysis is preferred.

Some familiarity with physical modeling of any discipline (e.g. from fields in electrical or mechanical engineering) will be very useful for the suitable candidate.

Job
Qualifications:

The successful candidate will possess the following
combination of education and experience:
BS or
MS in Data Sciences, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics or
Applied Mathematics.
Working
knowledge in development of C and C++ on UNIX and/or LINUX platforms.
Excellent
programming skills in at least one mainstream scripting language, preferably
Python.
Experience/knowledge
in data analysis.
Experience/knowledge
in machine learning technology.
Experience
with Python, Keras and Tensorflow.
Demonstrated
ability to learn and explore new technologies.
Excellent
analysis and problem-solving skills.
Must
have the ability to collaborate closely with other members of the team and
develop critical components consistently and in a timely manner.
Experience
with MATLAB/R or equivalent mathematical package is expected.
This position may require access to export-controlled technology. If an export license is required and Mentor Graphics elects to apply for such a license, then candidates must be approved and licensed by the applicable government authorities as a condition of employment.

#LI-MGRP
#LI-JE1

Organization: Digital Industries

Company: Mentor Graphics Corporation

Experience Level: Recent College Graduate

Job Type: Full-time

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.

EEO is the Law
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.

Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.

California Privacy Notice
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here.",4.1,"Mentor Graphics
4.1","Fremont, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1981,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
105,Senior Food Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Food Scientist *
We’re looking for a Product Developer/ Senior Food Scientist who thrives on the excitement of developing and innovating natural syrup products and contributing to project teams that are re-shaping the product portfolio.

YOU are a passionate product developer with a history of successful launches. Your background includes formulation experience across multiple manufacturing processes, ingredient types, and product lines. You have a strong understanding of flavor chemistry and can create amazing flavor combinations. You prefer to work in a high-energy, collaborative product development environment where you can take initiative. You’re practiced at taking new product ideas from concept through commercialization.

You’re the type of person who moves easily from project to project. You are a ‘go-to’ for development of natural flavor systems and ingredient functionality. Your “can do” attitude, relationship-building talent, and engaging communication skills make you an effective partner in and outside of Torani.

Look out a year from now: You’re being recognized as one of our most innovative contributors. You’ve developed an “out-of-the-box” formulation for a new natural syrup that exceeded expectations. You have become the anchor of the syrup cultivation team.
SUCCESS FACTORS (FIRST 12-18 MONTHS) *
_Overall _

 *New Products*: You have renovated and commercialized one product line and key line extensions at target cost, on time, and on trend. You’ve delivered amazing, customer-preferred, easy-to-use flavor with simple, natural ingredients.

 *Formula Renovation*: You have used your bench skills to improve existing products to beat competition in preference taste tests.

 *Collaboration*: Strong relationships are in place across the organization and with external partners, as demonstrated by the successful, smooth launch of new products and integrated ways of working with partner functions. You are a leader on the R+D team.

 *Project Management: * Your project management excellence is evident through fulfillment of your product plans and milestones. You are a go-to product development expert and go between line extension, cost optimization, and flavor improvement initiatives. You are detail oriented and can stick to set timelines.

 *Expertise: * Has brought synergistic technical expertise to enhance our capabilities, and has helped us deliver the more natural, simple profiles that have expanded our product portfolio and grown our new product business.

 *Has a little fun along the way! *
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS & ATTRIBUTES: *
 Bachelor’s Degree in food science or related discipline, Master’s preferred
At least 7 years of relevant, progressive experience in beverage or flavor product development
 Successfully developed consumer-preferred, delicious products with no artificial ingredients
 Experience developing products from concept to commercialization, including: Writing and documenting formulas and specifications, Calculating costs, Conducting plant trials Positive collaboration with internal and external manufacturing partners
 Implemented test protocols for sensory and shelf life studies
 Demonstrated experience in applied flavor chemistry
 Practiced with working in product data management systems (eg Oracle PLM or similar)
 Demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects well
 Live in SF Bay Area or willing to relocate at own expense
 Eligible to work in US without sponsorship (now & in the future)
 Proficient in Word, Excel, and Outlook

Torani is one of the fastest growing and dynamic specialty food companies in the Bay Area. Perhaps you’ve been wondering if there’s a right company fit, where you might combine your deep expertise with purposeful work. If your core beliefs and values resonate with “Flavor for All, Opportunity for All”, we hope you’ll feel the spark. We’re dedicated to bringing our superb portfolio of natural flavorful products to people of diverse needs and incomes. And while our legacy of team and community focus started quietly in our passion for people development, it will flourish with B Corp certification. Torani is recognized as one of the most fun, friendly and warm companies you’ll come across.
_*_
_*_*

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Oracle: 1 year (Preferred)
Excel: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft Word: 1 year (Preferred)
Communication Skills: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft Outlook: 1 year (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative",3.5,"Torani
3.5","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1925,Company - Private,Food & Beverage Manufacturing,Manufacturing,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
106,"Proteomics & Mass Spectrometry, Research Scientist",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Proteomics & Mass Spectrometry, Research Scientist
Location: Cambridge, MA
Kronos Bio seeks an enthusiastic, experienced analytical scientist to join our Proteomics Group. As a member of an interdisciplinary team, this individual will be expected to employ multiple quantitative proteomics approaches to generate high-quality data to support multiple drug discovery programs. The applicant is expected to have a robust experimental skill set, an eagerness for learning, and contribute to a strong culture of teamwork and collaboration in a fast-paced environment.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Perform deep proteome profiling studies to support target identification / deconvolution, target engagement, and mode-of-action (MOA) elucidation efforts in multiple drug discovery programs
Contribute to developing and implementing innovative structure and chemical proteomic approaches to investigate protein-ligand interactions
Responsible for the maintenance, quality control and troubleshooting of multiple proteomics instruments
Prepare samples from complex biological matrices for LC-MS analysis
Design and execute experiments independently; accurately record, analyze, and present
Qualifications:
D. in Analytical Chemistry, Biochemistry, or related discipline with 2+ years of relevant experience
Expertise in mass-spectrometry-based proteomics, including experiences within some of the following key areas: quantitative proteomics (TMT, SILAC, LFQ), post-translational modification characterization, and chemoproteomics
Minimum of 5 years hands-on experience in maintaining and troubleshooting nano LC-MS instrument required, ideally Thermo Orbitrap-based MS systems
Experience in isolating protein from complex biological samples and sample processing workflow for LC-MS analysis
Experience in analyzing and interpreting LC-MS/MS data using custom, public, and commercially available software suites (Proteome Discover, MaxQuant)
Ability to plan and troubleshoot experiments independently
Attention to detail and strong record-keeping skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Flexibility to rapidly adapt workplans to changing priorities and deadlines
Proven track record of productive bench science with a strong publication record
Experience in multi-dimensional LC fractionation is desirable
Experience using HDX-MS or other methods to investigate ligand-protein and protein-protein interactions is desirable
Experience with immuno- or chemical-affinity enrichment to selectively enrich proteins and chemical biology techniques such as photoaffinity labeling is desirable
Embodies Kronos values; exhibits high degree of integrity and professionalism when interacting with outside investigators and vendors
Entrepreneurial and enjoys working in a fast-paced, creative and resourceful small company environment
Interested candidates should forward a resume and cover letter to careers@kronosbio.com.
https://kronosbio.com/openpositions
Kronos Bio, Inc. is dedicated to the discovery and development of first-in-class therapies that modulate historically undruggable targets. We leverage deep capabilities in high-throughput small molecule microarrays, targeted protein degradation, and cancer biology in order to identify potent and selective compounds against transcription factors and other central drivers of oncogenic signaling.",-1,Kronos Bio,"Cambridge, MA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
107,Applied Research Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you looking for a stimulating company atmosphere where your efforts will have a significant impact on redefining the supply chain analytics market to fuel our company's success? Were driven by people who have a passion for technology and innovation; we are a fun, results-driven company that thrives on delivering value to customers and making a difference in the world leveraging our solutions. If this sounds like you, come join our herd!

At LLamasoft, our mission is to elevate lives and organizations through the science of smarter decision-making. Powered by AI and advanced analytics, our enterprise decision platform enables business leaders to solve problems in new ways and make smarter decisions faster as their business and operating models change. We are pioneering the use of a true digital twin of the extended supply chain combined with our powerful algorithms and deep supply chain, data engineering, AI and operational expertise. LLamasoft deploys decision solutions through enterprise ready apps, custom apps, and an extensible no-code App Studio.

The Role:

This is your chance to bring your passion for solving difficult problems to a fast-growing, dynamic, entrepreneurial team that is pushing the boundaries of Supply Chain logistics and optimization.

Job Description:
Design, develop, and test algorithms to solve supply chain transportation problems.
Take ownership of projects and drive them through to completion thoroughly and efficiently.
Work effectively with small teams in order to complete projects on time.
Understand key performance indices for solution quality and seek solutions to improve these metrics.
Support existing business applications for internal and external stakeholders.
Support development of LLamasoft commercial products to include components of LLamasofts flagship software product, Supply Chain Guru.
The Qualifications:
Graduate degree in Operations Research or Industrial Engineering (Ph.D. or significant experience required).
Solid background in mathematical optimization, inventory planning methods, transportation scheduling, and statistical demand forecasting / demand analysis methodologies will give preference.
Knowledge and experience with mathematical optimization methods in transportation planning and vehicle routing (required).
Experience with complex algorithmic development (Experience with optimization methods and algorithms highly desired).
A broad knowledge of the C# programming language or deep coding experience in other languages (C# preferred, coding skills required).
Experience with mathematical modeling systems and algebraic modeling languages (desirable)
About LLamasoft

Over 750 of the worlds most innovative companies rely on LLamasoft to design operational strategies to achieve profitability and growth goals. In addition to helping our customers identify billions of dollars in value, LLamasoft partners with humanitarian organizations, government entities and the World Economic Forum, using our solutions to design and optimize health supply chains around the globe in order to reach our goal of positively impacting 100 million lives by 2022.

LLamasoft is an equal opportunity employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.

If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, or otherwise participating in the employee selection process, please direct your inquiries to accommodation@llamasoft.com.

Powered by JazzHR",4.2,"LLamasoft
4.2","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
108,Medical Lab Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview

About


Tower Health is a strong, regional, integrated healthcare provider/payer system that offers leading-edge, compassionate healthcare and wellness services to a population of 2.5 million people.

Together, our six hospitals and other entities provide a full range of medical care from prevention, screenings and education; to the latest clinical services and surgeries available; to rehabilitation. We also offer wellness programs and public health services that ensure our communities are the healthiest they can be. Our caring, highly trained physicians and staff are committed to patient safety and patient satisfaction.

Who We Are


With more than 11,000 team members, Tower Health includes Reading Hospital, a teaching hospital based in West Reading; Brandywine Hospital in Coatesville; Chestnut Hill Hospital, a teaching hospital in Philadelphia; Jennersville Hospital in West Grove; Phoenixville Hospital in Phoenixville; and Pottstown Hospital in Pottstown. We also operate Reading Hospital Rehabilitation at Wyomissing and Reading Hospital School of Health Sciences, and we have a comprehensive physician network. All of our facilities participate in our partnership with the UPMC Health Plan.

Collaboration across Tower Health enables our hospitals, providers, leadership and staff to leverage best practices across the health system. Our patients benefit from access to a broad range of services all right here in our region.

#LI

Responsibilities


Blood Bank Focus - The Medical Laboratory Scientist is responsible for obtaining or receiving specimens, performing clinical laboratory tests by standardized procedures, understanding method principles, performing quality control, performing preventive maintenance, and interpreting results accurately, acceptably and within critical limits. The MLS works independently, organizing work to meet established deadlines and validates all data obtained.

Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree: Baccalaureate Degree in Medical Technology, Clinical Laboratory Science, Medical Laboratory Science or related science (Required)
Minimum of 1 year of experience
Certification and Licensure Requirements. MLS (ASCP) (Preferred)
7am to 3:30pm, Rotating weeknds & Holidays
1-Day",3.1,"Tower Health
3.1","West Reading, PA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2017,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
109,"Data Scientist, Product Development",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Spokeo is a people search engine that both enlightens and empowers our customers. With over 12 billion records and 18 million visitors per month, we reconnect friends, reunite families, prevent fraud, and more.

We are looking for a Data Scientist, Product Development to join us in Pasadena, CA, and help us turn our vast repository of data into usable information leveraging solutions that include matching techniques, machine learning, and graph theory to resolve entities across disparate data sets. Ultimately, these entity relationships will be used to build models that will be incorporated into the Spokeo product suite. This is part of Spokeo's Data Operations Team and is not an analytics-based role.

Responsibilities:
Profiling, processing, and evaluating large structured and unstructured data sets.
Developing data-driven models.
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods.
Collaborating with product and engineering to understand the needs of the company and assisting with the development of innovative solutions to meet those needs.
Productionalizing and maintaining algorithms primarily focused on entity resolution, linking, and scoring.
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and quality assurance metrics to constantly track performance.
Keeping up to date with the latest technology trends.
Performing Ad-hoc analysis and presenting results.
Requirements:
Degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, or other quantitative fields.
Minimum of 3 years of working experience in analytics, data mining, data visualization, and/or predictive modeling.
Proficiency in working with statistical tools (such as R, SAS), database query languages (SQL), and scripting languages (Python required).
Experience with Hadoop and NoSQL related technologies such as MapReduce, Spark, Hive, ElasticSearch, and DynamoDB.
Comfortable training and communicating complex ideas to non-technical audiences.
Demonstrated ability to lead and execute projects from start to finish.
Privacy Notice for Candidates: https://www.spokeo.com/recruiting-policy

Spokeo is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Spokeo fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best products and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.

Recruiters or staffing agencies: Spokeo is not obligated to compensate any external recruiter or search firm who presents a candidate or their resume or profile to a Spokeo employee without 1) a current, fully-executed agreement on file and 2) being assigned to the open position (as a search) via our applicant tracking solution.

]]>",3.4,"Spokeo
3.4","Pasadena, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
110,"Scientist II, imPACT Clinical Pipeline",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"PACT Pharma is an exciting, well-funded clinical-stage company developing personalized adoptive T cell therapies for the eradication of solid tumors. Our private designer T cells are created by analyzing a patient’s individual tumor and engineering T cells to kill that specific tumor.

If you desire a stimulating fast-paced environment, working with intelligent people who are making an impact in cancer, you will want to join the PACT Pharma team. We are a rapidly expanding, innovative, and collaborative workforce working towards one main goal, eradicating cancer!

We are in the San Francisco bay area, the heart of the world’s premier biotechnology research hub. PACT Pharma offers a competitive compensation and benefits package, including participation in the aggressive growth of the company in the form of stock option grants.

We are currently recruiting for a Scientist II in the imPACT clinical pipeline group who will initially report to the Director of imPACT to continue advancing PACT’s cutting edge engineered cell product. This will be a unique opportunity to see your ideas rapidly translate into the clinic and impact patient lives.

The person in this role will be responsible for leading a team to process clinical blood samples for the identification and isolation of patient NeoE-specific T cells, as part of the product selection process prior to the manufacturing of PACT's adoptive cell therapy product (neoTCR-P1) for patients. This process is performed in a GMP-like laboratory setting and includes flow cytometry, RT-PCR, and Next-generation Sequencing (NGS) analysis of single T cells. The candidate would participate in process development and continuous improvement activities to reduce turnaround time and cost while improving the robustness of the imPACT isolation technology. The ideal candidate should enjoy operating in an exceptionally dynamic and cooperative environment.

Responsibilities:
Process clinical blood samples for the identification and isolation of patient NeoE-specific T cells to advance PACT’s neoTCR-P1 clinical trial
Construct patient-specific reagent libraries
Utilize FACS machines to analyze patient blood samples
Carry out experiments to generate DNA library for NGS
Analyze data and write reports to inform therapeutic candidate selection for our clinical patients
Identify and implement process improvements focused on quality, turnaround time, and cost
Implement and operate advanced liquid handling and robotic laboratory automation
Become a process expert and mentor/train research associates in performing the workflows
Partner with Research and Development teams to run research samples, custom workflows, and validation studies
Qualifications:
Ph.D. with 2 to 5 years of industry experience preferably in a production environment
Experience with single-cell technologies, FACS, and next-gen sequencing
Experience with immuno-oncology or T cell biology
Ability to propose new projects, design proof of concept experiments, and lead the execution and analysis of the work
Highly goal-driven and the ability to handle delicate experiments
Experience operating within a formal quality management system. cGMP or ISO 13485 production experience is a plus
Communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and in the form of written reports
Demonstrated leadership skills and teamwork
Experience working with laboratory automation and liquid handlers is a plus
This position will require flexible work schedules (Shift schedules)
PACT Pharma is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and strives to build a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.0,"PACT Pharma
4.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
111,"Senior Staff ""Data"" Engineer, AI/Machine Learning",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

pSemi has a 30-year history of changing the world from the invention of RFSOI to our innovation leadership in the RF Front End. Artificial Intelligence and machine learning are emerging technologies changing the world and we are looking for leaders to apply them to the world of RF. The Data Engineer will focus on developing an infrastructure and framework for using ML to create RFICs. As part of our advanced RFIC research project in Corporate R&D, you will be involved in building best-in-class solutions and silicon needed to enable state-of-the-art technologies for smart phones, autonomous vehicles, robotics, and IOT devices. In this role, you will work in a dynamic research environment, be part of a multi-disciplinary team focused on automated design acceleration.

We are looking for exceptional individuals skilled to design, build and oversees the deployment and operation of an automated design workflow to capture, analyze and feedback results. This position will establish our processes and structures and develops technical tools and programming that leverage artificial intelligence, machine learning and other big-data techniques to automated parts of the RFIC design process. Challenges include the ability to quickly learn and apply state of the art techniques for physical implementation and design of RFICs, leveraging the quickly developing field of ML and bring it to hardware design.

The Data Engineer requires the ability to independently define development plans and arrange for resources to execute to the plan. A successful individual will have a strong understanding of developing machine learning projects and a background in the physical science. This highly visible role will be the bridge that connected the new world of data engineering and the world of RF Front End Design.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
Development of software tools and workflow to apply advanced algorithms and machine learning to RFIC design
Enable team to run an automated design engine
Creates design standards and assurance processes for to generate and store result related to RFIC design.
Ensure successful developments: Be a technical leader through strong example and training of more junior engineers, documenting all relevant product and design information to educate others on novel design techniques and provide guidance on product usage
Knowledge, Skill and Competency Requirements

Competency is based on: education, training, skills and experience. In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following knowledge, skills and competencies:
Critical Thinking: Skilled at finding logical flaws in arguments and plans; identifies problems and solutions that others might miss; provides detailed insight and constructive criticism into problems and complex situations
Working with Ambiguity: Achieves forward progress in the face of poorly defined situations and/or unclear goals; able to work effectively with limited or partial information.
Displaying Technical Expertise: Keeps his/her technical skills current; effectively applies specialized knowledge and skills to perform work tasks; understands and masters the technical skills, knowledge, and tasks associated with his/her job; shares technical expertise with others
Driving for Results: Aggressively pursues challenging goals and objectives; will to put in considerable time and effort to accomplish objectives; takes a highly focused, goal driven approach toward work
Making Accurate Judgments and Decisions: Bases decisions on a systematic review of relevant facts and information; avoids making assumptions or rushing to judgment; provides clear rationale for decisions
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
A strong software engineering background with emphasis on C/C++ or Python
Experience in debugging complex software issues with a focus on object-oriented software design and development
Previous experience working in an Agile environment, and collaborating with multi-disciplinary teams
Ability to communicate and document design work with clarity and completeness
Previous experience working on machine learning projects
Team player with a strong sense of urgency to meet product requirements with punctuality and professionalism
Beneficial experience and skills
CMOS and/or RF circuit design experience
Programming Experience in Perl / Python / R / Matlab / Shell scripting
Knowledge of CMOS and IC fabrication and how this impacts circuit performance
Knowledge of analog and digital IC design
Knowledge of neural networks, with hands-on experience using ML frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch
Knowledge of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), RNN/LSTMs
Experience with EM simulation tools such as HFSS, Sonnet and Momentum
Knowledge of data management fundamentals and data storage principles
Knowledge of distributed systems as it pertains to data storage and computing
Minimum Education Requirements
Required: Bachelor's in one of: Computer Engineering, Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
Preferred: Master's in one of: Computer Engineering, Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com",3.7,"pSemi
3.7","San Diego, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1990,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
112,"Senior Scientist, Cancer Biology",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"AmbAgon Therapeutics is an early stage biotechnology company dedicated to the discovery and development of new drugs stabilizing protein-protein interactions. With an initial focus in breast cancer, the company is forging ahead to tackle challenging classes of cancer drug targets with an innovative approach developed by our stellar co-founders. We are passionate about our ambition to provide new therapies for unmet needs in oncology. This role is an opportunity to join San Francisco-based AmbAgon as one of the first employees, and bring your scientific talent and enthusiasm to build the company.

The successful candidate will be a creative cancer biologist with industry experience in oncology drug discovery. The senior scientist will take a leadership role in the design and development of cellular assays for small molecule protein-protein interaction stabilizers and the use of these assays to evaluate drug candidate activity and mechanism of action. The senior scientist will also contribute to new target evaluation and assessment.

The senior scientist will:

· Lead and implement the design and development of cellular assays to characterize small molecule drug candidates against multiple novel cancer targets.

· Manage the evaluation and characterization of small molecule compounds during hit to lead, lead optimization and candidate characterization stages

· Evaluate target biology and novel compound mechanism of action experimentally using an array of molecular cell biology techniques.

· Collaborate with colleagues in developing and implementing AmbAgon drug discovery strategy.

· Identify and manage external collaborations/CROs to advance the company’s portfolio of projects.

· Continuously monitor relevant scientific advances and the competitive landscape.

The Senior Scientist, Cancer Biology should have a PhD in Cell/Molecular Biology (or a related discipline), 3-5 years industry experience and the following qualifications:

· Detail-oriented with excellent record keeping and organizational skills.

· Strong communication and data presentation skills, both written and oral.

· Demonstrated technical proficiency, scientific creativity, and independent thought.

· Ability to multi-task/ prioritize and time management of daily activities

· Flexibility within a fast-moving start up environment

· Supervisory expertise is desirable

AmbAgon Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. In accordance with applicable law, AmbAgon does not discriminate in hiring or otherwise in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $120,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus pay
Experience:
industry: 3 years (Preferred)
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Ambagon Therapeutics,"San Francisco, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
113,"Data Scientist, Cloud Business Operations",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"53303

About NetApp

NetApp provides software, systems, and services to manage, store and share data via on-premises, and private and public clouds to customers worldwide. NetApp is emerging as a leader in providing public cloud services on all major cloud platforms, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft , and Google Cloud Platform (GCP). These cloud services, such as Cloud Volumes; Cloud Insights, Virtual Desktop Service, Global File Cache, SaaS backup, and Spot, avails customers to consider many more options on how and where to manage their critical workloads and data for optimal business and financial outcomes. The NetApp Public Cloud Services business unit is at the forefront of our effort to transform NetApp into a leader in the cloud market.
Job Summary
About the Position

This Cloud Business Operations Data Scientist will be the primary go to person for all of NetApp Public Cloud Services needs for analyzing tons of cloud services usage and billing data to derive intelligent business insights for enabling NetApp’s highest growth business. This person will be an expert in both understanding the data, as well as architecting and developing business logic and code to deliver automation in business intelligence. This is a highly technical role with deep understanding of Azure programming, R, SQL databases, visualization on Tableau, and scripting, along with years of experience in cloud services business operations. Knowledge of public cloud-based transactions on the top 3 cloud provider marketplaces (AWS, Azure and GCP) is a must, along with experience and understanding of integrations with internal systems for CRM, CPQ, Subscriptions Billing and Finance.

This role will coordinate with product management, IT and operations, and other NetApp functions including sales, marketing, and finance to understand, analyze and improve product pricing, SKU design, and transaction processing of our existing cloud offerings and upcoming innovations. This role will also act as the primary operations liaison between product management teams and business operations. The right person for this role has deep understanding of public cloud marketplace transaction processing, billing, metering, and revenue/usage reporting. This person also has extensive experience in dealing with cross-functional business requirements and engaging with key stakeholders at both the executive/VP level and with delivery teams.
Job Requirements
Key Responsibilities
Analyze usage and billing data from multiple sources to derive business intelligence
Develop business logic and write code to automate BI output
Design and develop visualization dashboards in Tableau
Understand public cloud marketplace transaction processes and provide guidance to business operations teams on implementation best practices
Leverage business insights to provide guidance to product management for pricing and transaction processing design
Skills and Qualifications
10+ years of experience working with various cloud providers, software vendors and/or consulting organizations
5+ years of experience in data analysis and business insights
5+ years of experience in Azure programming, R, SQL databases and Tableau
Understanding of enterprise cloud solutions and related technical offerings
Collaborative personality; comfortable working across many functions and teams, and engaging with senior executives
A creative go-getter who is full of ideas and can execute on those ideas in a fast-paced, demanding environment with excellent interpersonal and social skills
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.
Travel Required

20% (includes domestic and int.)
Education
A bachelor’s degree in engineering or science is required. A master’s degree is data science, data analysis or statistics is preferred.

Nearest Major Market: San Jose
Nearest Secondary Market: Palo Alto
Job Segment:
Operations Manager, Scientific, Database, Cloud, Operations, Engineering, Technology

Apply now »",3.8,"NetApp
3.8","Sunnyvale, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1992,Company - Public,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
114,Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"The ExtraHop platform is a novel approach to processing vast amounts of wire data in real-time. Want to join a collaborative team that builds solutions which provide deep performance insights, behavioral security analyses, and drive business analytics? Keep reading.

Do you like open source tools? Do you like assembling arrays of the latest and greatest technologies in networking/security and performance bench marking to solve difficult problems? Do you like to push systems to their limits to improve their quality? We are looking for people who have passion and expertise in these areas and want to aid our development effort to build one of the most performance and secure systems in the industry.

Duties & Responsibilities
Work closely with engineers throughout the development cycle to reproduce the small and large customer environments under which the ExtraHop system is run.
Employ a mix of manual and automated data analysis techniques to collect data and analyze the operational environment of the ExtraHop system.
Generate gigabits of network traffic on over-the-counter Intel hardware with OSS systems and networking tools for performance benchmarking of the ExtraHop system.
Install, run, and benchmark emerging products and tools in a lab environment to provide product development and product management strategic data.
Required Skills & Experience
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in computer science, engineering, or information technology
Experience in a Unix-based environment
Solid knowledge of Linux toolchain, Python, JavaScript, and shell scripting
Knowledge of building scalable and high-performance systems
Understanding of various product-development life cycles
Desired Skills & Experience
Solid understanding of the OSI model and excellent working knowledge of the key protocols from Layer 2 through Layer 7 including ARP, IP, TCP, UDP, and HTTP
TCP/IP networking.
Experience using Linux networking tools such as tcpdump, tcpreplay, pcap tools, apache bench, etc.
Experience using and managing virtual infrastructure for VMware, Hyper-V, Xen, and KVM. Experience with OpenStack and related SDN framework a plus.
Familiarity with embedded systems or other syste-ms-level development.
Experience standing up systems using Linux containers, Docker, Puppet, Chef, etc
ABOUT EXTRAHOP

ExtraHop is an enterprise cyber analytics and performance monitoring company helping the worlds leading organizations understand and secure their entire environment from core to edge to cloud. Our breakthrough approach to analytics and machine learning helps our customers investigate threats, ensure the delivery of critical applications, and secure their investment in the cloud, resulting in 95% faster threat detection and reducing unplanned downtime by 86% while providing the best possible customer experience.

ExtraHop is recognized by leading organizations for both its innovation in the market and its commitment to building a world-class team. Weve been named to Wealthfronts Career-Launching Companies list for the last four years, and JMP Securities put ExtraHop on its 2018 Super 70 List as one of the most strategically positioned private companies in the cybersecurity industry. Credit Suisse recognized ExtraHop as a member of its inaugural Disruptive Technology Recognition Program, and SC Media named ExtraHop a 2019 Industry Innovator for enterprise network traffic analysis.

With well over $100 million in bookings in 2018, and 10x growth in security, the opportunity with ExtraHop has never been greater. Are you ready to rise above the noise?

ExtraHop is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, or national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.
#LI-DNP
#LI-DNP",3.9,"ExtraHop Networks, Inc.
3.9","Seattle, WA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
115,Staff Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"At realtor.com, we process terabytes of data everyday and transform that data into information that powers decisions for millions of home buyers, renters, dreamers, and real estate professionals. We aim to radically simplify home buying/selling and help more people achieve the American dream on our realtor.com website and mobile apps.

What will you do?

We seek a highly seasoned Staff Data Scientist to join our experienced data science team and help take it to the next level. As a key member of the team, you will be responsible for the development of innovative concepts, research, predictive modeling, and machine learning algorithms. You will serve as a mentor for the junior data scientists on the team and provide guidance on their individual projects.

Responsibilities:
Develop predictive, explanatory models and machine learning algorithms.
Create automated learning systems that gracefully scale to increasing complexity and expectation.
Perform exploratory analysis on realtor.com's wealth of data including consumer web and mobile behavior and North America's most comprehensive and up-to-date listings and properties data set.
Effectively partner with product and engineering teams to build new data driven and machine learning based features for enriching the consumer experience of home shoppers, renters and sellers.
Design and build data science solutions to drive revenue growth, customer retention and support strategic decision making.
Generate descriptive visualizations and presentations to communicate insights.
Drive A/B & multivariate tests and design of experiments to facilitate testing of new product and design features, with focus on improving engagement, retention, and conversion.
Help improve the scope of our data sets by identifying new data collection and procurement opportunities on an ongoing basis.
Mentor a team of data scientists on data exploration, machine learning and developing data-oriented products.
Work with a sense of ownership and urgency, advocate for experimentation based, agile culture.
What will you bring?
Requirements:
PhD/MS in computer science, statistics, mathematics, operations research or related fields.
4+ years of relevant experience in data science, machine learning or applied statistics.
Experience with Machine Learning, NLP or Computer Vision and data mining tools and underlying algorithms.
Experienced in Python, R, Spark or other languages and frameworks appropriate for large scale analysis of structured and unstructured data.
Working experience with relational databases (SQL) and large scale distributed systems.
Experience with experiment design and A/B and multivariate tests.
Proven track record of developing online data products.
Strong creative thinking and problem solving skills.
Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
About realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.

#LI-IH1",2.7,"realtor.com
2.7","Santa Clara, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1993,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
116,Data Scientist in Artificial Intelligence Early Career,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311096

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and deep learning research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to geo-spatial analytics, AI assurance, adversarial machine learning, human language technologies, computer vision, disaster response and recovery, health security, and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery.
*Minimum Qualifications**
Bachelor's with 0-1 years of experience or a Master's degree with 0 years of experience is required.
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-20_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-10-19_",3.8,"PNNL
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
117,Sr Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work with one of our US-based clients, which is one of the oldest and most trusted sources of global and financial news. In addition to print news, our client owns one of the most popular websites in the world and diversified its business across a range of media including information services, book publishing, and digital real estate services.

The team will be architecting a highly-scalable platform to power data acquisition, categorization, calculations, and visualization.
You are the one if you have:
At least five years of experience working in data analysis and data mining
Experience using R and Python
Knowledge in business intelligence
Proven experience regarding data and server security and manipulating large amounts of survey data
Strong communications skills
AdTech experience is a plus
Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis is a big plus
Our Engineers bring the vision and goals of our clients to life by bringing experience and passion to the software development process. Spark Digital Engineers take pride in elegant and robust solutions that bring peace of mind to those who rely on them.

Do you bring experience and passion to your work and team? Does seeing a software product take shape and come to life make you happy? If yes, you’d fit right in at Spark Digital and we’d love to talk about the Senior Data Scientist role we’re looking to fill.",4.5,"Spark Digital
4.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2011,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
118,Senior Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you a talented and passionate engineer? Do you love solving problems and making ideas come to life? Are you a lifelong learner who thrives in dynamic environments and enjoys the challenge of learning new technologies and techniques? Are you a team player and enjoy collaboration, but you are also self-directed and enjoy the autonomy to be able to manage your own schedule and workload? Do you appreciate the importance of good communication and know that teamwork takes practice, effort and a good attitude? If so, we want to speak with you.

The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for collaborating with the team to design and implement systems that focus on forecasting, allocating, delivering, and reporting of advertising on the internet, TV, and connected devices. The successful candidate will utilize advanced mathematical, optimization, machine-learning, software engineering, and programming skills to solve challenging problems.

Responsibilities
Develop innovative forecasts, models, algorithms, and solutions and build prototypes and production implementations
Dig deep into high volumes of data, engineer features for improved forecast performance
Work cross-functionally to gather feedback and requirements from end users
Be a key contributor to product innovation and company strategy
Communicate technical information clearly to both technical and non-technical people
Required Qualifications
Degree in Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics, or related field; MS/PhD preferred
3+ years of relevant experience
Strong analytical, statistical, and math abilities; Exceptional problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
#LI-KR1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Baltimore, MD",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
119,Clinical Laboratory Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS I/II)*
As a Clinical Laboratory Scientist I/II at Invivoscribe you are responsible for receiving samples, performing data entry for specimens received, and clinical laboratory patient testing. More specifically:

· Ensures orders are entered correctly and specimens collected are appropriate for the test ordered.

· Examines preventative maintenance logs of instruments/equipment.

· Verifies reagents and supplies are met and responsible for inventory maintenance.

· Performs tests by prioritizing testing based on assignment or established priorities.

· Performs post-analytic workflow to ensure accurate results are reported.

· Performs required Quality System responsibilities including initiating Quality Occurrence Reports.
Skills and Experience Required: *
· Bachelor of Science in Clinical Laboratory Science or equivalent.

· 2+ years of Clinical Laboratory Scientist experience.

· Licensed in California as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist.

· Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint).

· Adheres to and follows Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) as well as written and verbal instructions.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
License:
Clinical Laboratory Scientist License (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.invivoscribe.com",3.3,"Invivoscribe, Inc.
3.3","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
120,Physical Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Physical Scientist

Springfield, VA

Secret

National Security

Job Description

ENSCO Inc.’s National Security Solutions (NSS) Division is seeking a Physical Scientist. If you're eager to kick off your career and solve real problems in today's world, then this is the opportunity you've been looking for! Join our team of highly talented engineers and scientists while we provide innovative products and services vital to national safety and security. NSS develops cutting-edge solutions to unique and challenging technical problems, in complex operational constraints.

Qualifications Required (Skills)
BS degree in Physical Science or related discipline (Geophysics, Physics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science) or equivalent
Minimum 3 years of relevant experience
Knowledge of and experience in digital signal processing
Knowledge of and experience in data acquisition and test development
Experience in algorithm development
Experience working with multiple sensor types, that may include seismic, acoustic, acceleration and electromagnetic sensors
Experience analyzing large datasets from various sensors
Interest and experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning
Analytical and thorough problem solving
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Scientific programming language skills including MATLAB, LabVIEW, Python, and C
Excellent time management and organizational skills
Ability to work well in dynamic groups, and achieve overall program objectives
Must be able to lift 50 lbs.
Must be willing to travel and perform field work.
MUST HAVE A CURRENT SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE WITH THE ABILITY TO OBTAIN TOP SECRET/SCI, FOR WHICH YOU MUST BE A U.S. CITIZEN. YOU WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION IF YOU DO NOT MEET THIS REQUIREMENT.
Qualifications Desired
MS degree in Physical Science or related discipline (Geophysics, Physics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science) or equivalent
Knowledge of Ground Penetrating Radar systems and theory
Experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning and data analytics
Experience in developing test procedures and writing technical reports
Experience with data fusion
Knowledge of and experience in geophysics
#LI-KM1

Req ID

1849BR

Internal Position Title

Scientist III

Employment Status

Regular Full-time

General Education/Years of Experience

BS or equiv; min 3 yrs relevant exp

U.S. Citizenship

Yes

Background Check Type

7 year

Drug Screen Type

None

Export Control and Licensing

None

Contract Award Contingency

No

Recruiter

Kierra McDonald

Division Description

The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division provides security solutions for the United States government. NSS employees offer a multi-disciplinary approach to solve some of the most challenging technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise are in sensor development and integration; chemical, biological and geophysical phenomenology; software applications and modeling; and operational applications of technology.

Key customers include the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, and the Intelligence Community.

Strength in Diversity

ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law.",3.7,"ENSCO, Inc.
3.7","Springfield, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1969,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
121,Core Cloud Data Engineer,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Cloudreach is the leading multi-cloud services provider. Our mission is to help companies navigate their unique journeys to the cloud and build new foundations for future growth. We're a team of multi-cloud natives with certifications across AWS, GCP and Azure. Businesses that work with Cloudreach adopt cutting-edge technologies to solve challenges and create new opportunities. Working exclusively on public cloud, we deliver unrivaled value for more than 1000 enterprise clients globally.

Behind our services are our Cloudreachers.

We pride ourselves on being the go-to destination for curious, talented, and driven people looking for unique work experiences to maximize their potential. We are passionate about asking questions, finding solutions, playing with the latest tools & technology, doing our lives' work, and having fun along the way. You can learn more about our innovative culture, global workforce, and Cloudy Values on our website.

We're not content with the status quo. We're here to do things better, and then do better things.

What team will you be on?

Joining the Data and Analytics team (DnA), you are part of the broader Cloud Professional Services team. You will form the core of Cloudreach's Data Engineering capability. We currently help customers of all shapes and sizes in their public Cloud Adoption journey, alongside infrastructure as code, DevOps automation and Operational governance experts.

What will your role be?

The purpose of a Cloud Data Engineer is to enable data scientists and analysts to gain insights into data by architecting and implementing data-driven cloud based solutions. At Cloudreach, they will be subject matter experts and will be responsible for the technical leadership for data ingestion and processing engagements. A good understanding of cloud platforms and prior experience working with big data tooling and frameworks is required.
Build technical solutions required for optimal ingestion, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using open source, AWS, Azure or GCP 'big data' frameworks and services.
Work with the product and software team to provide feedback surrounding data-related technical issues and support for data infrastructure needs uncovered during customer engagements / testing.
Understand and formulate processing pipelines of large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture
Working alongside the Cloud Architect and Cloud Enablement Manager to implement Data Engineering solutions
Collaborating with the customer's data scientists and data stewards/governors during workshop sessions to uncover more detailed business requirements related to data engineering
What are we looking for?
Has experience successfully implementing simple enterprise solutions using a vast range of data engineering technologies. Has experience deploying and using the services in a major cloud platform
Delivers - Significant code contributions to more complex components of ETL pipelines
Writes test, test cases, and code documentation with a high level of detail. Skill mastery in a few areas
Coding - Pushes back bad code and employs ETL best practices
Experience with object-oriented and/or functional programming languages, such as Python, Java and Scala
Experience with Machine Learning toolkits
Experience in building scalable end-to-end data ingestion and processing solutions
Good understanding of data infrastructure and distributed computing principles
Proficient at implementing data processing workflows using Hadoop and frameworks such as Spark and Flink
Good understanding of data governance and how regulations can impact data storage and processing solutions such as GDPR and PCI
Ability to identify and select the right tools for a given problem, such as knowing when to use a relational or non-relational database
Working knowledge of non-relational and row/columnar based relational databases
Stakeholder Management - Has guided & influenced customer stakeholders. Manages customer expectations on project deliverables. Aware of the customers political landscape beyond the technology. Clarifies and communicates internally customer objectives.
What are our perks?
Meaningful and impactful work opportunities at a pioneering, cutting edge cloud services provider
People-first mentality. We know that you and your mental health & wellbeing are #1. That's why we give you an uncapped holiday allowance (+ your birthday off!), employee assistance programs, and resources to support your mental health & wellbeing.
We embrace technologies that unlock agile & flexible ways of working. We respect our people to do their work when and how they work best. Work-life blend is a priority!
Our dynamic work environment enables autonomy while also promoting a sense of belonging to a global community
Opportunity for growth & development. Not only will you work alongside and learn from industry thought leaders, you will also be reimbursed for function-based certifications. We're multi-cloud and proud!
An inclusive workplace where varying backgrounds, ideas, and points of view are celebrated and the individual is respected, included and empowered to bring their whole self to work
Transparency in business updates & communications. Whether you're on the senior leadership team or a brand new employee, you're an integral part of the team and we'll make sure you know what's up
Recognition-rich company culture where daily wins are celebrated and individuals living out our values are applauded
We strive to remove barriers, eliminate discrimination and ensure equal opportunity through our transparent recruitment process. We are open to all groups of people without regard to age, disability, marital status, gender identity, race, colour, sexual orientation, religion, military status, veteran status or any other legally-protected characteristic.",3.4,"Cloudreach
3.4",Remote,-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
122,Epitaxy Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Responsibilities
Develop, optimize and characterize III-nitride LED epi structures
Improve epi material quality and LED performance
Analyze growth and characterization data and correlate to device performance
Lead epi development projects to improve epi and chip yield
Summarize R&D results and prepare reports
Transfer new developments to production
Make recommendations for new/improved characterization techniques to solve material and device issues
Make suggestions for MOCVD hardware improvements
Other duties as assigned
Minimum Requirements
PhD/MS in Material Science, Electrical Engineering or other related science or engineering discipline
PhD with 2+ years or MS with 5+ years of hands-on experience with MOCVD nitride epitaxy and material characterization techniques (XRD, AFM, SEM, TEM, PL, etc.)
Strong background in semiconductor material science and epitaxial growth
US Citizen or Permanent Resident
Skill Requirements
Strong self initiative and motivation
Must be organized, detailed, and thorough
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Ability to summarize data and prepare reports
EEO Statement

Sensor Electronic Technology, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be provided equal consideration without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, genetic information, military status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or protected veteran status in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
SETi
Company's Facebook page:
SETi
Work Remotely:
No",3.1,"Sensor Electronic Technology, Inc
3.1","Columbia, SC",-1,1 to 50 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
123,Principal Data Scientist - R&D Oncology,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description / Capsule

The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science & Analytics group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

As a Principal Data Scientist you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will apply and develop your leadership skills and your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include machine learning models for developing digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Typical Accountabilities
Provides advanced quantitative expertise to AstraZeneca projects and researches and recommends appropriate data science solutions, appropriately communicating with a range of stakeholders.
Develops novel data science solutions where off-the-shelf methodologies do not fit.
Leads small (2-3 person) data science projects of defined scope.
Independently keeps own knowledge up to date and learns from senior team members, proposing appropriate training courses for personal development.
Coaches/mentors junior data scientists and others to drive the development of data science as an AZ capability.
Works within established frameworks to deliver a variety of tasks that support projects in meeting their objectives.
Reviews working practices and ensures non-compliant processes are escalated.
Ensures own work is compliant within Clinical Development.
Collaborate in a multidisciplinary environment with world leading clinicians, data scientists, biological experts, statisticians and IT professionals.
Education, Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Essential
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Extensive knowledge of mathematical modelling and statistical modelling techniques, and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills.
Communication, business analysis, and consultancy.
Minimum 5+ years of work experience
Desirable
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.
In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
124,Senior Data Scientist 4 Artificial Intelligence,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311095

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.8,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
125,"Senior Manager, Data Science",$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"This is a great opportunity to be a part of a successful Healthcare IT company experiencing significant growth. We have a proven product, brand-name customers, significant revenue and growth, and are backed by leading investors. Here you'll get to work with some of the smartest and most interesting people around; solving unique and complex challenges in healthcare on a scale matched by few companies.
Over 220,000 healthcare professionals, 67,000 pharmacies and 60% of the healthcare IT vendors in the market depend on us every day to manage medication safety and efficiency, reduce clinical errors, and improve patient outcomes.
Our culture is entrepreneurial, team oriented, collaborative, and fast-paced. If you get excited about stretching yourself in new ways, developing yourself to your fullest potential, and care about working with smart colleagues; we want to talk to you!

By driving innovation, and finding ways to digest, understand and analyze the complex data derived from its medication management and secure communications platforms, you will lead the data science team to produce new data products and product enhancements. This data combines provider and patient information, allowing our team to understand both the doctor’s intentions and what the patient’s actions. Since our products intervene at the critical time between when the doctor writes a prescription to when the patient picks it up at the pharmacy, we can uniquely identify and influence patient behavior. Your work will impact thousands of doctors and touch the lives of millions of patients across the country.
You will work directly with stakeholders and manage the activities of the data team to address business challenges, identify actionable opportunities, and design innovative and intelligent data-driven solutions.

Leading:
Teaching and coaching is an integral part of this role. We want a person who wants to share their experiences, best practices and knowledge to elevate the team as a whole. You will directly manage the day-to-day operations of the team, including defining roles and responsibilities within the team to ensure clear deliverables and accountability. Under your leadership, you will create a work environment in which teammates find their work challenging, stimulating, and professionally rewarding.
Building.
You will collaborate across a variety of internal and external data source to analyze and model terabytes of structured and unstructured data and implement algorithms using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from statistics, machine learning, predictive modeling, data mining, and operations. Ultimately, you will work with stakeholders and partners to identify and pursue opportunities where data science can be used for new products or to enhance existing products.
Delivering:
We are committed to producing world class products. Being skilled at managing competing priorities, pivoting and adjusting quickly, and thinking about the big picture are keys to success. You will select and utilize a diverse array of technologies and tools as needed to deliver insights and solutions
Problem solving:
The problems we are solving are unique and complex. This takes critical thinking, root cause analysis, and issue dissection with the team to come up with the best solution. You be at the forefront, translating business problems into technical approaches and designs that yield actionable recommendations to enhance and drive products/solutions
Deploying.
Our technologists, no matter what level, never go hands off. We think it’s important to be close to the technology and solutions, to have a line of sight into how our models integrate with the products. Our data scientist team is involved in all aspects of the model building process, from conception to deployment. You will be the lead working with development for the implementation of data-driven solutions
Who will love this job
A Driver who works with purpose and passion; someone who will elevate our data science team through new perspectives, ideas, and solutions
A Builder who enjoys building teams, products, processes, systems, and structures as well as optimizing existing ones
A Trusted advisor and leader who sets a high bar, develops and grows their team to perform today and tomorrow, and liaises effectively with internal and external business partners and customers
A Communicator who can motivate technical team members, communicate business priorities, and explain technical decisions and design to stakeholders and non-technical team members
A Learner who has a growth mindset, stays up on their craft, and always has an eye out for what is coming next.

Excellent data science skills -hands on knowledge of new data science technologies
Masters/PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Physical Sciences, Operations Research or another similar quantitative field
A minimum of three years of successful technical team management experience
Innovative thinker who is creative and thinks out of the box with data and data solutions
Deep experience in extracting, cleaning, preparing, and modeling data
Strong knowledge in the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, operations research, natural language processing, and/or predictive modeling
Python experience is required, Bash scripting big plus
Familiarity with data science technologies, such as TensorFlow, Git, Snowflake, AWS, Hadoop, NumPy, SQL, Elasticsearch, Docker, Kubernetes
Passionate about data science and analytics
Deep understanding of statistics and data engineering
Basic understanding of software engineering and familiarity with SDLC, Agile, and issue tracking

10% Travel
60% Desk work
30% Phone work",3.1,"DrFirst
3.1","Rockville, MD",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2000,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
126,Analytical Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Overview:

Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent’s advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents , ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start here

Analytical Scientist

The Analytical Scientist is responsible for performing analytical method research and development for raw materials, in-process samples and drug products in the Quality Control Department. Analytical Scientists work on method transfer, method verification and method validation under appropriate guidance in support of clinical development and commercial manufacturing. The candidate will work closely with the product development and process transfer teams to provide analytical results and proper data interpretation for drug product development and process validation. When necessary, the Analytical Scientist will conduct routine analytical testing for raw materials, in-process samples, drug products and cleaning verification in support of commercial product manufacturing.

The Role

Demonstrate solid knowledge in both the theoretical and practical aspects of analytical chemistry, especially quantitative analysis.
Develop and maintain working knowledge of commonly used spectroscopic, chromatographic and wet chemistry procedures.
Work with various analytical methods including cleaning verification, assay and impurities, dissolution, residual solvents for raw materials, in-process samples or finished products testing.
Understand and conduct studies for method development/evaluation, validation, transfer and verification according to scientific justifications and current regulatory guidance (e.g., ICH, FDA, USP, EP, etc.).
Prepare and review technical documents, including validation/transfer/verification protocols and reports, analytical test procedures, technical reports, analytical investigations, etc. for review.
Understand drug product formulations, manufacturing process and work closely with product development and process transfer teams on testing of product development and process validation batches and providing proper data interpretation as necessary.
Provide training to QC analysts after methods are validated/transferred/verified.
When necessary, perform routine quality control testing for raw materials, in-process samples and finished product for commercial manufacturing operations.

The Candidate

Ph.D, or M.S. in Chemistry, Pharmaceutical Sciences or Life Sciences (Preferred in Analytical Chemistry).

Work Experience – 0 to 3 years of pharmaceutical industry experience, 3-5 years of analytical testing/research experience using HPLC/GC/UV, etc.

B.S. in Chemistry, Pharmaceutical Sciences or Life Sciences (Preferred in Chemistry)

Work Experience – At least 5 years pharmaceutical industry or 8 years of analytical testing/research experience using HPLC/GC/UV, etc.

Position Benefits

Works cross-functionally and receives exposure to several departments
Medical, Dental, Vision and 401K are all offered from day one of employment
19 days of paid time off annually + 7 paid holidays

Leadership Competencies for Performance and Development

Leads with Integrity and Respect
Delivers Results
Demonstrates Business Acumen
Fosters Collaboration and Teamwork
Champions Change
Engages and Inspires
Coaches and Develops

Catalent offers rewarding opportunities to further your career! Join the global drug development and delivery leader and help us bring over 7,000 life-saving and life-enhancing products to patients around the world. Catalent is an exciting and growing international company where employees work directly with pharma, biopharma and consumer health companies of all sizes to advance new medicines from early development to clinical trials and to the market. Catalent produces more than 70 billion doses per year, and each one will be used by someone who is counting on us. Join us in making a difference.

Catalent is committed to the health and safety of its employees, visitors and the customers and patients we serve. As a result of the global pandemic, we have modified many of our recruitment and on-boarding processes to maintain everyone’s safety. The Human Resources teams will communicate all necessary safety processes and procedures throughout each stage.

personal initiative. dynamic pace. meaningful work.
Visit www.catalent.com/careers to explore career opportunities.

C atalent is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, you may submit your request by sending an email, and confirming your request for an accommodation and include the job number, title and location to DisabilityAccommodations@catalent.com . This option is reserved for individuals who require accommodation due to a disability. Information received will be processed by a U.S. Catalent employee and then routed to a local recruiter who will provide assistance to ensure appropriate consideration in the application or hiring process.

Notice to Agency and Search Firm Representatives: Catalent Pharma Solutions (Catalent) is not accepting unsolicited resumes from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting. Resumes submitted to any Catalent employee by a third party agency and/or search firm without a valid written & signed search agreement, will become the sole property of Catalent. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired for this position as a result of an unsolicited agency or search firm referral. Thank you.",3.3,"Catalent Pharma Solutions
3.3","Winchester, KY",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
127,Clinical Data Scientist,$57k-$97k (Glassdoor Est.),"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Who You Are
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
128,Data Scientist-Human Resources,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Lexington, MA, US

#job-location.job-location-inline {
display: inline;
}

Company:
MIT Lincoln Laboratory
Job Summary
Responsible for the collection, synthesis, and analysis of employee data to meet organizational objectives. Gains insight into key Human Resources related business opportunities and deliverables by applying statistical analysis techniques to examine structured and unstructured data from multiple disparate sources. Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining. Uses advanced mathematical, statistical, querying, and reporting methods to develop solutions. Develops information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance.

Successful candidates will have demonstrated:
Strong interpersonal, team building, communication and presentation skills to effectively communicate and collaborate with all levels of the organization.
An ability to maintain strict confidentiality as well as business and professional ethics.
Strong organizational skills, attention to detail and ability to handle multiple tasks.
Flexibility and ability to work effectively and meet deadlines in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Ability to perform successfully in a data driven, service-oriented environment and to interpret rules and guidelines flexibly to enhance the business values and the diverse culture.
Requirements
BS required, MS preferred in related disciplines such as Computer Science, Statistics, and/or Mathematics with 5-8 years of relevant experience.
Experience working with sensitive data, predictive analytics and behavioral science based information preferred.
Must have demonstrated experience with some or all of the following: Data and Quantitative Analysis / Decision Analytics / Predictive Modeling / Data-Driven Personalization / KPI Dashboards and BPI Plans / Big Data Queries and Interpretation / Data Mining and Visualization Tools / Machine Learning Algorithms / Business Intelligence (BI) / Research, Reports and Forecasts.
In addition, must have experience with some or all of the following: Data and Computer Science proficiency: SPSS, SAS, R, Rstats, Python, Apache Spark, Microsoft PowerBI, Matlab, HIVE, Pig, data warehouse (DW, DWH), Hadoop, Google Analytics, data mart projects, data management, machine learning, predictive analytics, prescriptive analytics, streaming analytics, SQL, Business Objects (Crystal Reports, Dashboards, WEBI), SAP BW, SAP HANA, SAP Lumera, and many and/or other products is a plus.

For Benefits Information, click http://hrweb.mit.edu/benefits

Selected candidate will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret level DoD security clearance.

MIT Lincoln Laboratory is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran status, disability status, or genetic information; U.S. citizenship is required.

Requisition ID: 28943

Nearest Major Market: Boston
Job Segment:
Database, Scientific, Scientist, HR, ERP, Technology, Engineering, Science, Human Resources",3.8,"MIT Lincoln Laboratory
3.8","Lexington, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
129,Data Scientist 3 (844),$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Amyris has developed a high-throughput genetic engineering platform for designing and building custom microbes to serve as living factories. Using an industrial scale fermentation process, our microbes convert cheap sugars into a wide variety of high-value target molecules. Our end products directly impact millions of lives. We are pragmatic idealists seeking a profitable way to make the world a better place. We are convinced synthetic biology is here to stay and will have a major positive impact on our planet and everyday life.
Within Amyris R&D, we are searching for a highly energetic, curious, and self-motivated data scientist with a strong background in statistics, computing and biology to join our Data Science and Computing team. Research at Amyris is a highly multidisciplinary effort that needs brilliant contributions from life sciences and engineering disciplines in order to take projects from concept to market. From hacking directly on DNA in the lab to full scale factory production, every aspect of our work is facilitated and accelerated by quantitative science and software & hardware automation. The Data Science and Computing team works hand-in-hand with bench scientists and builds tools that enable genome engineering, protein engineering, metabolic modeling, omics experiment analysis, statistical design of experiments and machine learning models in pursuit of making better microbial strains or fermentation processes. In short, we help accelerate the design-build-test-analyze cycle in synthetic biology.
Key Responsibilities:
Iteratively develop computational algorithms, analyses, visualization tools and machine learning models to meet evolving scientific needs and to aid rapid data-driven decision making while working with a variety of data types including: genotype (NGS), phenotype (metabolomics, proteomics, GC/MS, spectroscopy, fermentation), material flow
Build version-controlled, computational workflows to analyze and model rich, high-throughput phenotype data
Interact closely with a cross-disciplinary teams of biology, analytical chemistry, and fermentation scientists to build data science products

Required Qualifications:
Degree in quantitative discipline such as computer science, mathematics, computational biology, electrical engineering, bioengineering or equivalent.
Ph.D. plus 1-3 years experience, or M.S. plus 3-6 years experience.
Experience in analyzing & visualizing large scientific datasets representing biological & chemical phenotypes
Intermediate (undergraduate level) understanding of biology topics including: genetics, cell physiology, biochemistry, evolution
Experience with programming best practices (unit testing, CI/CD, etc) and version control while contributing to or maintaining large codebases
Expertise with scripting programming languages (Python is preferred)
Hands-on experience with machine learning frameworks and concepts
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and intellectually rigorous environment
Creativity, independent thinking, and passion
Preferred Qualifications:
Background in mass spectrometry informatics, high throughput sequencing, spectrophotometry, or industrial fermentation
Experience in a microbiology or synthetic biology setting
#LI-DJ1

Amyris, a leader in industrial synthetic biology, uses its innovative bioscience solutions to achieve renewable products by converting plant sugars into hydrocarbon molecules. Amyris’ molecules are used in wide range of specialty & performance chemicals, flavors & fragrances and in applications ranging from cosmetics to biofuels. Learn more at www.amyris.com.

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), Amyris is required to inform California residents who are our job applicants (“Applicants”) about the personal information we collect about you when you apply to a job on this site.

As an Applicant, you have the right to know and understand the categories of personal information we collect about you, and the purposes for which the categories of personal information shall be used, pursuant to the CCPA.

By clicking the “APPLY FOR THIS JOB” button below and submitting your job application, you agree you have reviewed the complete Privacy Notice for Employees, Independent Contractors and Job Applicants.

If you have any questions regarding this information, please contact Amyris at privacy@amyris.com

As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, Amyris is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Amyris complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.

If you are a recruiter or placement agency, please do not submit resumes to any person or email address at Amyris, Inc. prior to having a signed agreement. Amyris is not liable for and will not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved recruitment partners. Furthermore, any resumes sent to us without an agreement in place will be considered your company’s gift to Amyris and may be forwarded to our recruiters for their attention.",3.3,"Amyris
3.3","Emeryville, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
130,Clinical Data Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"You will conduct analyses using various disparate types of healthcare data (e.g., clinical trial data, insurance claims data, Electronic Health Record (EHR) data, etc.). You will explore these data with a critical eye and transform these data into meaningful insights, creating outputs that may be used for publication, regulatory submissions, internal decision-making, market tracking, or other uses. Working closely with the other members of the Clinical Computational Sciences team, you will be encouraged to use new and emerging data sources and technologies to drive innovation and to conduct analyses at scale.
The Impact You Will Have
Our mission is to make innovative drugs affordable and accessible. You will be instrumental in making that vision a reality. We are working to build a truly modern and efficient clinical development organization, with data at the core of what we do. You will play a key role in analyzing this data in support of our development programs.
Who You Are
You hold a Masters or PhD in biostatistics, epidemiology, health economics, public health, computational biology or another quantitative scientific discipline, with 1-3 years of work experience
You are problem focused, creative, and practical in how you apply data to problems
You love working with data and live for the “aha!” moments where you use it to answer meaningful questions
You have experience applying observational and statistical methods to conduct rigorous scientific analyses
You’re energized by the prospect of rolling up your sleeves to tackle important problems in drug development and reimbursement
You can program fluently in a modern statistical programming software (e.g., R) and want to develop your skills further.
You’ve worked with data scientists and software engineers to put code into production – you think about scalable ways to improve the reach of your work.
You want to build a career in clinical data analysis (biostatistics, health economics, RWE, etc.)
Bonus points if you have experience in genomic data analysis or oncology data experience
You are an excellent communicator – you can use data to tell a clear and compelling story and can communicate complex analyses to many types of stakeholders
You have a curious mind and are excited to learn new skills, tools, and about novel types and uses of data.
EQRx is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",5.0,"EQRx
5.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
131,Remote Sensing Data Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Posting Title:

Remote Sensing Data Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Applied Research Laboratories

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

Exploitation and analysis of remotely sensed (airborne and space-based), geospatial data for a variety of applications. Contribute to the Geospatial Laser Applications and Measurements group research tasks and objectives associated with existing projects. Explore and develop new research technologies.

----

Job Details:

Responsibilities
Develop software and algorithm solutions for remote sensing applications.
Provide guidance and technical leadership in the area of remote sensing.
Provide support in business development through proposals and sponsor engagement.
Publish and present research results.
Other related functions as assigned.
Required Qualifications


Ph.D in engineering, geoscience or other applied sciences. Demonstrated experience and proficiency in working with remotely sensed data, and data products. Applicant should have proficiency in programming for development and conceptual derivation. Applicant must be willing to work with new technologies, be highly organized, and capable of planning and coordinating multiple tasks and managing their time. The applicant should have experience with software packages for research projects. The position will require attention to detail, effective problem solving skills, and innovation. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintain a professional demeanor, work as a team member without day-to-day supervision and effectively communicate with diverse groups of clients. Regular and punctual attendance is required.

US Citizen: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.

Preferred Qualifications


Significant experience related to remote sensing applications (orbital mechanics, geodesy, geospatial statistics, climatology, meteorology, geology, ecology, and hydrology). Demonstrated experience and familiarity in working with 3-D geospatial data, data registration and big data analysis. Knowledge of 2D (imagery) and 3D geospatial data exploitation methods is also desired. Applicant should have prior experience in geospatial application solutions using novel algorithm techniques and working knowledge of processing, exploitation and dissemination workflows for airborne and space-based remote sensing. Demonstrated interpersonal communication skills and technical leadership. History of publication in relevant peer reviewed journals and/or industry conferences. Cumulative GPA of 3.0 with a 3.5 in major coursework or higher.

General Notes


An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.

Please mark ""yes"" on the application question that asks if additional materials are required. Failure to attach all additional materials listed below may result in a delay in application processing.

Salary Range


$90,000-$115,000+/negotiable depending on qualifications

Working Conditions
Working Conditions
Standard office conditions
Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
Use of manual dexterity
Some weekend, evening and holiday work
Possible interstate/intrastate travel
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest
Unoffiical college transcripts
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length. This position has the option to elect the Optional Retirement Program (ORP) instead of TRS, subject to the position being 40 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.",3.8,"Applied Research Laboratories
3.8","Austin, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
132,Senior Data Scientist 3 Artificial Intelligence,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311094

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as geospatial intelligence, natural language processing, few-shot learning, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1 year of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.8,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
133,Associate Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Associate Scientist, Assay Development

Position Summary

Adverum is looking for an Associate Scientist with knowledge of chromatography to join our team in our Redwood City office. This position reports to an Associate Director. This person will be working with Assay Development, QC, and Process Development. This role is responsible for developing, qualifying, transferring, and troubleshooting chromatography-based assays in support of product characterization/release and bioanalysis.

What You’ll Do
Design, develop, qualify, troubleshoot, and transfer chromatography-based assays to internal and external scientists.
Apply separation sciences to the characterization of vector particles in support of empty/full and aggregation determinations.
Participate in decisions on experimental approaches and interpretation of data.
Work collaboratively with different research and development departments to evaluate and implement new assay formats and/or technologies.
Perform internal sample analysis as needed in support of product characterization and preclinical studies.
Transfer assays to and oversee work at Contract Research Organizations and in the QC group.
Maintain current knowledge of regulatory requirements for bioanalytical and product characterization assays
Write test procedures, documented standard test methods, SOPs, protocols, and technical reports.
Present project status updates in internal and external forums.
Maintain excellent documentation of laboratory activities.
May supervise junior lab personnel.
Other responsibilities may be assigned as needed
About You
Minimum of a biological science or similar Bachelor’s degree with 15 years’ experience in a biotech company, or a Master’s degree with 10 years’ experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Experience in assay development is required
Ability to read and extract information from published literature and internal reports is required.
Expertise is required in HPLC and CE methods such as reversed-phased HPLC, size-exclusion HPLC, ion-exchange HPLC, affinity HPLC, CE-SDS, FFF-MALS, UPLC, and cIEF).
Knowledge of LCMS is strongly desired
Knowledge of analytical ultracentrifugation is strongly desired.
Experience in the qualification/validation of quantitative assays and knowledge of FDA requirements is strongly desired.
Broad knowledge of protein, cell, or nucleic acid assay methods and biochemistry with application to gene therapy is strongly desired.
Background in the area of retinal or genetic diseases is desired, with an understanding of AAV biology a plus.
Must be a self-starter, proactive, co-operative, and proficient at working both independently and in a small team environment.
Proven initiative and demonstrated accountability in a fast-paced environment with high degree of flexibility.
Detail oriented and with time management skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Experience in presenting data through written reports and oral presentation; publication in a peer-reviewed journal or presentation at a conference is desired.
Proficiency with SoftMaxPro, GraphPad Prism, JMP and other common analytical software desired.
Proficient with MS Office and other common office software.
About Us

Adverum is a clinical-stage gene therapy company targeting unmet medical needs in ophthalmology and rare diseases. Adverum develops gene therapy product candidates designed to provide durable efficacy by inducing sustained expression of a therapeutic protein. Adverum’s core capabilities include clinical development, novel vector discovery and in-house manufacturing expertise, specifically in scalable process development, assay development, and current Good Manufacturing Practices quality control.",3.1,"Adverum
3.1","Redwood City, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
134,Medical Lab Scientist Mercy Health St. Elizabeth Boardman,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Thank you for considering a career at Mercy Health

$3000 Sign On Bonus

SUMMARY OF JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

A Medical Lab Scientist (MLS) Medical Technologist (MT) performs high to moderately complex testing as defined by CLIA CFR 42 on body fluids, cells and products; collects and processes biological specimens for analysis; integrates and relates data generated by the various clinical laboratory departments while making judgments regarding possible discrepancies; confirming abnormal results; verifying quality control procedures; developing solutions to problems concerning the generation of laboratory data; maintains accuracy and precision; performs preventive and corrective maintenance of equipment and instruments as well as identifying appropriate sources for repairs; evaluates new techniques, instruments and procedures; applies principles of troubleshooting, analytical thinking to evaluate processes; applies principles of educational clinical methodologies; recognizes and acts upon individual needs for continuing education. Displays professionalism in accordance with the Mercy Health Philosophy and mission; demonstrates the Mercy Health values and competencies in the role as a member of the shared lab services health care team.

QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION:

Baccalaureate Degree, Medical Technology (BSMT)

Effective, January 1, 2015, certification by the American Society of Clinical Pathologists (ASCP) or equivalent must be completed within or by the end of the first calendar year of employment based on the employee’s official hire date. If certification is not completed by the end of the first year of the official hire date, employment is terminated.

EXPERIENCE:

A new graduate or a Medical Technologist from another hospital is given an orientation of approximately two (2-3) months to acquaint him/herself with methods, hospital, policies, procedures, etc.

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS:

Has in depth knowledge of specialized field of medical technology. Must possess broad working knowledge of general lab testing, and/or learn a specialized area as assigned. Must analyze and interpret complex information and determine a course of action based on general guidelines. May modify existing forms, procedures or methods as needed. May use highly sophisticated equipment requiring extensive training. Must possess manual dexterities to centrifuge and separate specimens; pipette solutions, mix, shake, or layer reagents and specimens; read and be able to differentiate on the basis; read test results by use of colorimeters, spectrophotometers, electronic counts, etc. Compute data, record and report results through proper channels. Must be proficient on the laboratory and hospital computer system.

· PROBLEM SOLVING/DECISION MAKING:

Assignments are often diverse. Makes decisions based on policy, technical knowledge. general principles and facts, or on consultation if needed with pathologist, manager. May adapt standard principles to changed/new conditions. Solutions generally based on past precedent with some risk taking involved in new approaches. Resolve complex clinical problems in highly complex testing areas. Job requires judgment to adapt existing knowledge base to new situations, projects and new test methodologies. Must be able to make sound decisions based on abstract data. Is required to follow through on problems to arrive at a solution/decision and report outcomes through appropriated channels. Exercises independent judgment for analyzing problems, reporting Q.C. oversight of highly complex tests.

· SCOPE OF IMPACT/ACCOUNTABILITY:

Is responsible for work area and may be asked to be in charge of lab section(s) as assigned. Accountability and decisions made directly impact operation of work area. Has direct accountability for accuracy of test results, method performance. Provides information regularly to clinical decision-making processes. May be accountable for determining testing personnel resource allocation in work areas by consulting with team or peers or management. Level of decision making, and testing responsibility may directly impact quality of patient outcomes. Is accountable to ensure all functions performed comply to regulatory and Q.C. standards and is responsible to analyze/interpret clinical data and report results to physician.

· INTERPERSONAL COMMUNICATION:

Conveys basic facts, interprets information, some complex. Provides team leadership by training/teaching others, responds to non-routine inquiries from others who may not be knowledgeable in subject area, requires understanding of other expectations/perspectives to collaborate and reach consensus on solutions. Requires sensitivity and tact to present/discuss confidential information. Interacts daily with nursing staff/physicians, maintains excellent telephone and verbal communication skills. Maintains excellent written communication skills to write protocols and procedures for testing.

PRINCIPAL JOB ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Per CLIA CFR 42, performs qualitative/quantitative analysis of body fluids and other appropriate specimens by following established laboratory policies, protocols and test procedures. Works as assigned in multiple functional clinical areas, maintaining multiple clinical skills.
Operates automated and computerized instrumentation to perform requested test procedures; performs maintenance and troubleshooting procedures on equipment to assure optimal instrumentation function at all times.
Performs quality control as established by policy to assure the accuracy of all test results generated; documents quality control on appropriated records to verify correct instrument and test performance.
Establishes and maintains specimen’s integrity for proper identification and analytical requirements; performs specimen processing and dispatching as needed.
Correlates each specimen with the appropriate test result by direct computer entry or by documentation on appropriate worksheets or instrument printouts; releases test results to nursing units or physicians by computer, phone, or written report.
1 Visually compares results printed on instrument printouts with results displayed on CRT, analyzes data for delta deviations, acts on data to interpret next steps.
Works productively and efficiently to provide accurate test results abiding with the error rate policy; organizes workload to honor requests in order of priority as established by laboratory policy and protocol.
Calls all test results exceeding the critical values established by laboratory policy to the physician or nursing unit and documents the critical test result notification.
1 Must be able to communicate via telephone to notify primary care personnel of critical value results and/or specimen problems. Follows through with problems by investigating, documenting, acting upon decision, and reporting outcome to supervisor.
Demonstrates technical knowledge of analytical methodologies and responds to inquiries regarding specimen requirements and departmental protocol. Demonstrates skill at MH communication competencies by consistent sound clinical decision making.
Performs phlebotomy/donor draw duties as required; follows departmental procedures for specimen collection and for specimen and patient identification; performs venipuncture and capillary puncture; demonstrates knowledge of specimen collection techniques and equipment. Collects other non-invasive specimens as required/assigned.
Records workload performed and other statistics; documents quality control, QA troubleshooting, and problems as per protocol; participates in the collection and compilation of data for statistical reporting.
Participates in laboratory continuing education programs when schedule permits; assumes personnel responsibility for continual professional development and knowledge enrichment. Participates in required safety and competency programs. Is accountable to maintain competency skills, completes testing within assigned time frame required competency testing.
Assist in the orientation/training of personnel and/or students - MT’s, MLT’s, Phlebotomists, Residents, Externs or as assigned.
Complies with all established hospital lab laboratory safety and infection control procedures.
Demonstrates a high level of mental and emotional tolerance and even temperament when dealing with people; using tact, sensitivity, sound judgment and professional attitude with relating with staff members.
When requested, demonstrates the ability to present self in a professional manner and reach out to the community; assist in the community service programs as required; assists in promoting the public relations efforts of the institution.
Respects, at all times, the confidentiality of patient records and uses complete discretion when discussing patient matters.
Completes all assigned procedures during shift and regularly uses time efficiently to departmental advantage.
Rounds to units and/or interacts with other department personnel as assigned to assess laboratory services, troubleshoot processes, act as service representative for clinical issues.
Assumes coordination/oversight of functional department operations as assigned or during the absence of the section supervisor/coordinator.
Recognizes deviation from expected results. Analyzes and corrects results using scientific principles.
Helps evaluate new techniques and procedures in terms of personnel and space requirements. Performs method comparisons, writes and revises technical procedures.
Performs special projects as assigned, is change oriented and willing to learn news techniques and new functions. Demonstrates willingness to work on special projects, long and short term. Willingly accepts responsibilities for functional oversight of equipment and/or Q.C./clinical processes, demonstrates accountability for/proficiency on assigned areas of responsibility.
Performs proficiency surveys meeting all requirements of performance and reporting as defined by the College of American Pathologists survey program and CLIA.
Maintains adequate inventory of assigned supplies by counting stock, ordering replacements, monitoring shipments.
Participates in quality assurance and quality improvement activities.
Works a flexible schedule based on operational needs. Works in clinical sections, shifts, holidays as assigned.
Answers telephone calls in a courteous helpful manner, using first name as identification at all times. Maintains accurate phone logs documenting calls. Answers all calls within five rings; determines the nature of all calls prior to transferring them to the appropriate laboratory sections or personnel; gives laboratory reports to patient care facilities which do not have access to the hospital computer system. Handles appropriately all problem telephone calls. Documents actions on QA, reports to management or coordinator any unresolved issues.
Performs and utilizes all laboratory computer functions accurately as per protocols.
Displays effective communications by maintaining good listening skills and being courteous and discrete with personnel, physicians and patients. Maintains confidentiality of records at all times.
Works productively and efficiently; completes assigned tasks and willingly helps others as needed. Functions as a team player and works with peers in an effective manner. Organizes workload to honor requests in order of priority as established by laboratory policy and protocol.
Legibly and accurately completes all required documentation. Completes/documents accurately on QA forms all out of the ordinary situations, follows through on problems in a responsible manner.
Works in a fast paced, situational environment and is change adaptable. May be assigned to a project or work area as deemed necessary. Works in a multi-site environment and may be assigned to any IDN site lab/draw site/test site/work area as needed.
Maintains acceptable competency skills in assigned work areas. Completes studies, and all assigned competency testing within expected timeframe.
Maintains an acceptable error rate (quality performance criteria) as defined by section policy.
Works as a team member in the shared lab services environment, in a cooperative, consensus building environment; prioritizes time and goals to align with lab goals, is helpful and cooperative, gives suggestions for improvement.
CONTINUING EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:

In keeping with HMHP Laboratories ongoing commitment to both promote and ensure continued learning and competency of Medical Technologists, a minimum of twelve (12) continuing education units (CEUs) per year must be completed. Continuing education within all Laboratory related disciplines such as blood banking, chemistry, hematology, microbiology, etc or in other related Laboratory subjects such as safety, quality control, and quality assurance are essential. As an employee of MH Laboratories, at least minimum CEUs will be provided at no cost to the employee. Participation in CAP inspections, medical or professional webinars or presentations, hospital required learning programs, etc. also qualify as continuing education.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

Occasional – 1 to 33% of workday

Frequent – 34 – 66% of workday

Constant – 67 – 100% of workday

Not at all – 0% of workday

Occasional

Sitting, Unilateral Vertical Reach 36-72”, lift 0-20#, 6-36” from floor; lift 0-20#, 36-48” from floor; climbing stairs; operating machines (2 hand(s)).

Frequent

Unilateral Horizontal Reach 0-18”; push/pull 100’, 19ft.lbs.

Constant

Standing, walking: 2.3 mph, 0 incline; bilateral fine motor manipulation; functional near, far, color vision aided or unaided; functional hearing aid or unaided; functional verbal communication skills; working overtime as assigned to meet operational/patient care demands.

Not at All

Hold 200# patient sideling while doing procedure x 2 min; roll 200# patient away/toward self; transfer 105# person chair-chair 5x/hr. with gait belt; bed-cart transfer with 200# person and assist of one with sheet; lift 0- ___# 6-36” from floor; lift 0- ___# 6-72” from floor; climbing ladders, working from heights, crawling, kneeling, running, operating machines: (2 foot/feet).

Category II Job Classification – MH employees who have jobs with tasks that rarely involve exposure to blood, body fluids, or tissues and have no contact with used sharps.

Job Hazard Risks:

Lifting

Infectious Disease Exposure

Hazard Materials Exposure (Nuclear, Biological, Chemical)

Workplace Violence Potential

The above statements are only meant to be a representative summary of the major duties and responsibilities performed by incumbents of this job. The incumbents may be requested to perform job-related tasks other than those stated in this description.

Mercy Health is an equal opportunity employer.

We’ll also reward your hard work with:

Comprehensive, affordable medical, dental and vision plans
Prescription drug coverage
Flexible spending accounts
Life insurance w/AD&D
An employer-matched 403(b) for those who qualify.
Paid time off
Educational Assistance
And much more

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

32

Work Shift:

All

Department:

Core Laboratory - St. Elizabeth Boardman

All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, or protected veteran status, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. If you’d like to view a copy of the affirmative action plan or policy statement for Mercy Health – Youngstown, Ohio or Bon Secours – Ashland, Kentucky; Franklin, Virginia; Petersburg, Virginia; and Emporia, Virginia, which are Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, please email recruitment@mercy.com. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact The Talent Acquisition Team at recruitment@mercy.com",3.6,"Mercy Health
3.6","Youngstown, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1973,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
135,DATA ENGINEER,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"DATA ENGINEER

Job Details
Job Location
Keet Health - Austin, TX
Description
Are you looking for a fast-paced company where our people are our competitive advantage? A company that fosters your entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging you to act like an owner? Do you have the passion and drive to push beyond the adequate to exceptional? Are you passionate about fixing the healthcare system? If so, you may be perfect for our open position.

Keet is a team of passionate, fun-having, taco-loving people on a mission to make healthcare experiences feel better.

At Keet, we help put humanity back into healthcare. It feels good to know that what we do ultimately contributes to a patient’s well-being. We know our clients, and our client’s patient’s want to get back to doing more of what they love, so that is the core of our culture—merging talented people doing what they love, to create products that help others do the same.

DATA ENGINEER

ROLE SUMMARY

The position of Data Engineer will help to create new reporting solutions for Keet Health’s platform, and improve current solutions. The Data Engineer position will be working with a variety of databases (MySQL, Postgres, MongoDB, etc) to be deployed in a cloud infrastructure (AWS) and made available in AWS Quicksight.
Qualifications
ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop and maintain reporting processes and ETL solutions for moving data
Develop reporting solutions for internal and external customers
Develop and maintain ETL solutions for moving data into reporting schemas
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Bachelors degree or computer science, engineering, data analytics or equivalent experience in related fields.
Experience with SQL (MySQL, Postgres, etc) and NoSQL (Mongo, etc) databases.
Experience with scripting languages (python, scala, ruby)
Comfortable working using the command line (Bash, etc)
Experience with cloud server architectures (AWS, Azure)
Experience with Linux.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Must have 5+ years using SQL, and NoSQL database
Must have 3+ years experience working as a data engineer
Must have skills in linux, Bash, cloud infrastructure, docker, mobile development, analytics,
Must have experience using git, and worked in an agile development environment
Must have familiarity with AWS data technologies such as Glue, Redshift, S3, and other big da-ta technologies
Nice to have medical industry experience.
Nice to have Java experience.
Nice to have experience with AWS Glue, Athena, and QuickSight.
OUR CORE VALUES
• Collaboration: We're continuously learning how to work together, better.
• Heart: We've got it, and we're not afraid to show it.
• Innovation: We are lifelong learners.
• Service: We’re here to serve.
• Humility: We're humans, and we come from dirt.

PERKS

(We’ve got them).

Keet offers a competitive benefits package with fully-paid medical benefits, unlimited PTO, company hosted lunches, happy hours, and special events.

We have a flexible work from home policy dependent upon productivity and ability to communicate effectively. Oh, and we have snacks. Our office is located in the hip south river district of Austin, TX in the heart of Austin weirdness.

Keet is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.",3.0,"Clinicient
3.0","Austin, TX",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
136,Data Analytics Engineer,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Data Analytics Engineer will engineer elegant and performant analytic code, predominantly in Scala (and Spark), Python and/or R. You will join a growing multi-disciplinary team of Data Scientists, Engineers, and Solutions Experts with deep domain knowledge working to develop new capabilities and workflows to solve real- world client problems.

Your work will include notebook-style ad hoc analytic development (similar to tools such as Beaker, Julia, Zeppelin) within the QOMPLX:OS SaaS platform as well as true server-side analytic development. Projects may include near real-time and batch-oriented data processing for analytics and simulation modeling. As an internal user of the QOMPLX platform, your experience will inform the development of the QOMPLX product suite to improve capability, usability and performance.

Our ideal candidate will have a strong work ethic, fantastic attitude and be comfortable tackling any challenge set before him or her. We provide significant flexibility and autonomy to team members, have high expectations and expect everyone to contribute meaningfully to our broader collective goals.

Responsibilities
Engineer data pipelines that handle collection, parsing, cleansing and enrichment of terabytes/petabytes of data to meet the clients analytics needs
Developing state-of-the-art analytics ranging from ad hoc analysis to production-grade pipelines and workflows
Providing mathematical algorithms and implementations to serve the needs of data analysis workflows in QOMPLXs modular SaaS platform
Build model management frameworks for data analytics that include both statistical and machine learning models
Understanding customer business challenges and sourcing the most appropriate data sets, algorithms, and architectures (using QOMPLX OS) to solve them quickly and cost-effectively
Own the end to end model development lifecycle and establish and adhere to best practices
Working collaboratively to ensure consistent and performant approaches for analytical code that is integrated with our commercial offerings
Interacting directly with Product, Business Analysts and Customer Success teams to support live customer deployments
Qualifications
Reside in the greater Washington D.C. area or able to relocate
Bachelor's Degree or 8 years of relevant work experience
2+ years of data analytics experience that includes data engineering & analytics
Proven expertise in Machine learning algorithms, libraries & technologies including Neural Networks
Expert knowledge of Scala and/or Python
Expert knowledge of SQL and NoSQL technologies
Experience with agile development within commercial projects or elite non-commercial research
Adept at learning and applying new technologies and solving new problems
Hands on expertise in data analytic technologies such as Apache Spark, Apache Flink, MLOps Pipelines and notebooks like Polynote/Jupyter
Experience blending analytic and simulation modeling approaches to problem solving
Effective organizational skills with strong attention to detail
Strong communication skills - both written and verbal
Desirable
Experience with graph databases and cyber security
Advanced mathematical modeling skills
About QOMPLX

QOMPLX applies artificial intelligence to solve complex, real-world problems at scale. Our Human+AI operating system, QOMPLX:OS, blends capabilities ranging from data handling, analytics, and reporting to advanced algorithms, simulations, and machine learning, enabling decisions that are just-in-time, just-in-place, and just-in-context. If this type of environment sounds exciting reach out to us directly via application at https://www.QOMPLX .com/careers with a resume and cover letter.

QOMPLX offers a competitive salary, a full range of benefits, including 401(k) and medical, dental & vision coverage, flexible Personal Time Off (PTO) plan and 10+ paid holiday days per year",3.4,"QOMPLX
3.4","Tysons Corner, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
137,Analytical Chemist/Scientist for Biologics Group,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"About the Opportunity
Are you looking for a fast paced position in a rapidly growing company? We are seeking an Analytical Chemist/Scientist for our Biologics Group in Ann Arbor, Michigan. We are searching for talented and motivated individuals that would enjoy working in a team oriented, entrepreneurial company.
Job Description and Responsibilities
Learn techniques spanning across the entire spectrum of analytical chemistry from wet chemistry to HPLC, NMR, Mass Spectrometry, FTIR, GC and GC-MS
Perform testing using a variety of technologies including HPLC, LC-MS, GC, GC/MS, Microscopy, FTIR and UV
Execute projects in support of client needs including product deformulation and product development, failure analysis and problem solving, impurity identification, extractable and leachable studies, and structural characterization
Follow all safety requirements including wearing appropriate personal protective equipment
Generate supporting laboratory documentation
Ensure compliance with government rules and regulations (FDA, cGMP, DEA, ICH, OSHA, etc.)
Implement new equipment and processes independently, capable of conducting appropriate qualification and validation activities
Execute projects with minimal supervision
Have the ability to analyze data from the qualitative to the rigorously statistical and defend conclusions based on data
Have the ability to demonstrate strong problem-solving and analytical abilities
Requirements
Experience with analytical method development
Experience with protein mass spectrometry, proteomics (LC-MS/MS or LC-QTOF)
Experience with mammalian cell culture
Experience working with proteins and nucleic acids
Experience with HPLC or FPLC
Effective scientific writer (experience with report writing)
Effective oral presenter (experience with scientific presentations)
Effective time management
Must be a flexible, adaptable, self-driven team player with a positive attitude
Preferred
Hands-on experience with AAV or lentivirus
Hands-on experience with viral transduction assays
Experience with capillary electrophoresis
Experience with GC-MS
Experience with method validation
Experience with MALDI or TOF
Experience with QC method development/validation
Bachelor's degree (preferred)
3-7 years’ experience
Why Work for Us?
Avomeen is a full-service laboratory with unique analytical, product testing and formulation development expertise. Each member of the Avomeen team plays a critical and visible role in delivering high-quality scientific solutions, providing them with an opportunity to directly impact Avomeen’s success and advance their career. We make every effort to reward outstanding performance and provide interesting and scientifically challenging work. In order to ensure the success, development, and growth of our employees, we are committed to offering a variety of training opportunities.
Become Part of our Community
We recognize that our single greatest resource is our people, and our team members choose Avomeen not only to join our scientific knowledge-based community, but also to become part of a collaborative team committed to exemplary science and service to our clients. Successful Avomeen employees have a positive, client-centric outlook, and embody principles of integrity and leadership, as well as creativity, flexibility, and perseverance.",3.8,"Avomeen
3.8","Ann Arbor, MI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Research & Development,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
138,Senior Scientist - Statistician (Product Integrity),$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"British American Tobacco
Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; and Reynolds Brands, Inc.. This position is with RAI Services Company (2200).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.
Reynolds American Inc. (RAI) and its operating companies are leading the way in transforming the tobacco industry. To that end, research related to tobacco harm reduction is central to efforts within the Scientific & Regulatory Affairs (S&RA) function at RAI Services Co. (RAIS), and across the RAI enterprise. RAI is committed to working with regulatory agencies to ensure that adult smokers have access to tobacco and nicotine products that have the demonstrated potential to reduce the many health risks attributable to smoking.

S&RA is currently seeking a qualified Senior Scientist - Statistician / Biostatistician to support our clinical studies, biomarker research, product and process development, and regulatory projects. The successful candidate will be expected to work collaboratively with various internal and external groups/clients to provide broad statistical support and to manage multiple projects to ensure timelines are met. This position also offers opportunities for acquiring new skills, engaging with regulatory agency (FDA/CTP), publishing research findings, mentoring young scientists and professional growth.

Principal Duties & Responsibilities:
Collaborate with clients to design experiments, develop and review study protocol, statistical analysis plan, and data collection tools, and determine appropriate sample sizes.
Select appropriate statistical approaches and conduct statistical analyses to meet client and/or regulatory requirements. Develop and/or review tables, listings, figures (TLF) and study reports.
Communicate analysis results via written reports, oral presentations, and meetings with key stakeholders. Participate in abstract, poster, or journal article writing.
Work cooperatively with other statisticians and regulatory submission specialists to address regulatory and project-related statistical issues.
Job Requirements:

Education / Experience: Master’s degree with 1+ year relevant experience or PhD degree in statistics, biostatistics, epidemiology, or closely related discipline.

Required Skills:
Proficient in statistical software (SAS, R, etc.) for data analysis (SAS preferred).
Effective oral and written communication skills including technical writing skills.
Ability to successfully manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously, with a focus on timely and accurate completion of priorities.
Preferred Skills:
Experience in the analysis of clinical, chemical, biological, and/or toxicological data.
Familiar with statistical methods that apply to clinical trial design. Knowledge of CDISC standards (CDASH, SDTM, ADaM, etc)
Ability to drive collaborative efforts cross-functionally and externally.
Excellent attention and accuracy with details. Ability to apply critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Demonstrated ability to work both independently and as part of a team.

Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Salem
Nearest Secondary Market: Winston
Job Segment:
Chemistry, Statistics, Toxicology, Scientific, Scientist, Science, Data, Engineering",3.4,"Reynolds American
3.4","Winston-Salem, NC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1875,Company - Private,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
139,Associate Scientist - Biopharmaceuticals,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB DESCRIPTION

Company Overview

PPD is a leading global Contract Research Organization - currently operating in nearly 50 countries! At PPD we are passionate, deliberate, and driven by our purpose - to improve health. Our organization works with a diverse group of pharmaceutical companies to help bend the cost and time curve of small molecule, biologic, and vaccine product development.

This position is located at our GMP lab in Middleton, WI - the largest GMP laboratory in North America. Check out this video for a brief introduction to our lab as told by our scientists: https://vimeo.com/284382895/ce7832f6d9.

We hire the best, develop ourselves and each other, and recognize the power of being one team. You will receive extensive training to allow you to be successful at PPD, and it's not just talk - our award-winning training programs speak for themselves. In addition, our teams support career growth, allowing you to explore the numerous career pathways available once you become part of our PPD team.

Team Description

Our Biopharmaceutical team is one of the largest and fastest growing teams at our Middleton location, with over 400+ employees. This team focuses on large molecule analytical testing including therapeutic peptides, proteins and DNA/RNA based treatments. A wide variety of analytical methodologies are used including electrophoresis/SDS-Page, PCR, HPLC, ELISA, CE, ICE, and mass spectrometry. Surrounded by varying levels of Scientists, you will have the support to succeed, as well as the opportunity to assist the progress of others.

Check out our website for more information about our biopharmaceutical lab along with other available at PPD: https://www.ppdi.com/Services/Laboratories/cGMP-Lab-Testing

Role Description

As a Biochemist, referred to as an Associate Scientist, you will use state-of-the-art technologies to perform high-quality sample testing for key pharmaceutical clients across the industry. Your sample preparation and analysis serve as an integral piece in helping PPD accomplish our goal of helping bring life-changing therapies to market.

We offer flexible scheduling to encourage a healthy work-life balance for our employees. Enjoy a Monday through Friday work week with a full time schedule you create! Lastly, we also offer health benefits, a generous PTO plan, and tuition reimbursement for all full-time employees. Let’s not forget to mention monthly Donut Day and daily lunch options catered to campus from local vendors available for purchase.

Responsibilities:

Possesses an understanding of laboratory procedures and under general supervision can conduct complex analysis.

Performs a variety of routine sample preparation and analysis procedures to quantitatively measure pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical compounds in a variety of formulations and/or biological matrices for stability and analytical testing.

Trains on routine operation, maintenance and theory of analytical instrumentation, SOPs and regulatory guidelines.

Responsible for review and compilation of results and data comparison against SOP acceptance criteria, methodology, protocol and product specifications.

#GD

PPDLABS

Job Qualification

Qualifications

Education and Experience

Bachelor's degree (Life Sciences degree preferred) or equivalent and relevant formal academic / vocational qualification

Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable 1+ year) or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Knowledge of routine operation, maintenance and theory of analytical instrumentation, SOPs and regulatory guidelines

Knowledge of applicable regulatory authority, compendia and ICH guidelines

Excellent manual dexterity skills

Good written and oral communication skills

Time management and project management skills

Proven problem solving and troubleshooting abilities

Ability to cross-train on sample preparation techniques with another laboratory group

Ability to work in a collaborative work environment with a team

Manual dexterity and can follow detailed written and verbal instruction

Cooperate with coworkers within an organized team environment or work alone with supervision

Manage time effectively to complete assignments in expected time frame

Maintain a laboratory notebook and complete all laboratory documentation in clear and accurate language and according to SOP

Work Environment Requirements

PPD values the health and wellbeing of our employees. We support and encourage individuals to create a healthy and balanced environment where they can thrive. Below is listed the working environment/requirements for this role:

Able to communicate, receive, and understand information and ideas with diverse groups of people in a comprehensible and reasonable manner.

Able to work upright and stationary and/or standing for typical working hours.

Able to lift and move objects up to 25 pounds

Able to work in non-traditional work environments.

Able to use and learn standard office equipment and technology with proficiency.

May have exposure to potentially hazardous elements, including infectious agents, typically found in healthcare or laboratory environments.

Able to perform successfully under pressure while prioritizing and handling multiple projects or activities.

What To Expect Next

We look forward to receiving your application. A member of our talent acquisition team will review your qualifications and if interested, you will be contacted for an interview.

Diversity Statement
PPD is proud to be an affirmative action employer that values diversity as a strength and fosters an environment of mutual respect. PPD is committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, pregnancy, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or status within any other protected group.",3.7,"PPD
3.7","Middleton, WI",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
140,Data Engineer,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Lucid Perspectives, and E/3 Sentinel Company, provides proven problem solvers to our customers and their diverse needs. We help them achieve success by offering comprehensive management and technical solutions with a clear focus on their mission

The successful candidate will manipulate data and data flows for both existing and new systems performing ETL, analytical support and maintenance of critical data.

The data engineer will provide support in the areas of data extraction, transformation and load (ETL), data mapping, analytical support, operational support, database support, and maintenance support of data and associated systems.
As a member of the team, the data engineer will research, design, develop and/or modify enterprise-wide systems and/or application software.
The data engineer will research emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution. Troubleshoot complex problems and provide support for the ETL process. Prepare reports on analyses, findings and project progress

Ability to develop complex data flows, or make significant enhancement to existing pipelines
Experience building and maintaining data flows in NiFi or Pentaho
Experience with the following languages: Java/J2EE, C, C++, SQL, XML, XQuery, XPath, Ruby on Rails, HTML/XHTML, CSS, Python, Shell Scripting, JSON
Knowledge of servers operating systems; Windows, Linux, Distributed Computing, Blade Centers, and cloud infrastructure
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to comprehend database methodologies

Lucid Perspectives, an E/3 Sentinel Company, understands that our people are what make us great. We believe in a work/life balance while supporting the customers and mission we love. Our benefits are as follows: 7 weeks PTO (10 Federal Holidays along w/ 25 Vacation days), 10% 401K Contribution (100% vested on Day 1), 100% paid premiums Medical/Dental/Vision for the family, Life/Disability Insurance, Generous Tuition Reimbursement, Monthly Internet & Cell phone allowance, Technology Allowance, and Referral/Growth Incentive Bonus.
During the COVID19 pandemic we are actively taking measures to protect and support our employees. This includes support to our workforce that has returned to work on-site, those working remotely, and those employees supporting in a ready state or isolating at home.

Lucid Perspectives, E3/Sentinel Company, is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. Lucid Perspectives, an E3/Sentinel Company, hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.",4.4,"E3 Federal Solutions
4.4","Chantilly, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
141,Enterprise Data Engineer,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our client is searching for an experienced Enterprise Data Engineer to join their team in Chicago. Enterprise Data Engineers build pipelines that support datasets used by all investment teams and strategies across the firm. They manage the firm’s most critical data sets and focus on applying software development best practices to solve complex data challenges. The expectation is that the data engineer has sound programming skills, strong business acumen, and a strong interest in finance.
Responsibilities:
Develop solutions that enable internal analysts to efficiently extract insights from data. This includes owning the ingestion (web scrapes, S3/FTP sync, bespoke processes), transformations (Python, Perl) and interface (API, schema design, events, etc.)
Build tooling and automation around data pipelines that improve the efficiency, quality and resiliency of the data platform
Partner with internal analysts, quants and data scientists to design, develop, test and deploy solutions that answer fundamental questions about financial markets.
Take on an entrepreneurial mentality by building and selling your own ideas. The company works in an evolving space and they expect you to help design their evolution by challenging the status quo and independently identifying opportunities to improve the entire data organization.

Requirements:
A passion for working with data and developing software to address data processing challenges
Proficiency with Python, C++, Java or equivalent
Proficiency with RDBMS, NoSQL, distributed compute platforms such as Spark, Dask or Hadoop
Prior experience building data pipelines from structured or unstructured data preferably including web crawlers
Prior work developing BI tooling and/or application development for data analytics
Advanced technical communication skills
Working knowledge of statistics, predictive analytics or machine learning techniques
Strong business acumen with prior experience in investment research or direct exposure to product or data science teams AND passionate about using data for investment decisions

If you would like to be considered for the position of Enterprise Data Engineer or wish to discuss the role further then please leave your details below. Your resume will be held in confidence until you connect with a member of our team
Email: info@njf.com or call London (0207 604 4444,) New York (212 400 4845) or Chicago (312 204 72176) to speak to a member of our team. Thank you",4.2,"NJF Global Holdings
4.2","Chicago, IL",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2003,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
142,Sr Data Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:

Are you looking for a new and exciting career opportunity?

Join our award-winning organization and work with some of the most talented minds within our Enterprise Technology and Innovation teams. As a Salient CRGT employee, you get to be part of a best performing team supporting our nation’s most critical missions.

Why Salient CRGT?

We’re passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation. We provide the tools and resources to help you be successful, and our culture fosters an environment in which idea sharing and collaboration is essential. Are you ready to make a difference?

The ideal candidate will be a mid-level full-stack developer/architect in support of a growing Advanced Analytics effort for IC customers to improve existing data analytic frameworks and innovate new features for a classified data analytics tool suite. Responsibilities will include: improving automation of an existing data ingestion architecture using current technologies; improving data ingestion, enrichment, and correlation algorithms; creating and maintaining web applications using current frameworks; and supporting customers with analytic methods to help improve insight into system effectiveness. The candidate must be strongly familiar with basic application and web-based programming languages, such as Java, Groovy, Python, HTML5, JavaScript, and ReactJS. Experience with Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning is highly preferred.

#cjpost

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree

TS/SCI

5 Years relevant experience

8570 compliant certificationdesired - Security+CE or higher

#cjpost #super6

#muncyreqs

#crgt456 #jpreqs

Desired Qualifications:
Experience with Natural Language processing and Machine Learning is highly preferred.
Experience working in a fast-paced collaborative environment.
Salient CRGT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other factor prohibited by applicable anti-discrimination laws.",3.4,"Salient CRGT, Inc
3.4","Aurora, CO",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
143,Data Engineer - ETL and Integrations,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Shipt works with a wide variety of data partners to better understand our partners, customers, and brands we work with. We're looking to grow the Data Engineering team with a Data Engineer to help expand our capabilities and integrate new partners.

The Data Engineering team at Shipt focuses on all data that moves in and out of our system. A growing part of our responsibilities includes getting more value out of the large amounts of data we import and collect. The team works to build different pipelines and integrations to help clean, understand, or enrich our content & information.

As catalog data is fundamental to the grocery delivery experience, our team plays a large part in the Shipt marketplace and helps drive the company's growth plans.

Your Responsibilities

• Develop and maintain pipelines responsible for sending or ingesting large amounts of

data from various sources

• Partner with external vendors on building, enhancing and maintaining business solutions.

• Help evolve our data model & infrastructure for new retailers and verticals

• Collaborate with other teams across the organization (e.g., Retail Partner Success,

Business Development) to enable new opportunities

• Keep the big picture in mind so that our architectural patterns can better

consume and validate source data

• Build and experiment with different tools and tech, and share your learnings

with the broader organization

Requirements

• 2+ years of experience as a Data Engineer/Architect

• Strong spoken and written communication.

• Thrives on engaging directly with business partners to build an in-depth understanding of business needs and deliver innovative solutions.

• Proficiency in Python is required (this is our primary language)

• Proficiency in SQL is required (we use PostgreSQL and Redshift)

• Proficiency with REST APIs

• A keen attention to detail

• A Bachelor's Degree in a technical field or equivalent work experience

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.6,"Shipt
3.6","Birmingham, AL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2014,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Consumer Product Rental,Consumer Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
144,Junior Data Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"What Great Looks Like In This Role

Our ideal teammate is someone who is a continuous learner who can adapt and thrive in complex, uncertain and changing situations. Someone who enjoys tackling complex tasks in a collaborative environment is well-suited to a position on our team. Self-motivated individuals comfortable working in a challenging, fast paced, technical environment are highly encouraged to apply!

You Are Able To Demonstrate This Through

A track record of thinking outside the box, taking initiative, and promoting innovation and change-making Ownership, commitment and follow-through in achieving results in school or work projects
Managing priorities effectively and adapting quickly to achieve goals
Pursuing opportunities for continuous learning to develop new skills and perspectives

About the Data Science Development Program

The Data Science Development Program (DSDP) trains junior team members to become well-rounded data scientists within three years. The development program includes high impact project work, mentorship from senior data scientists, in-house training and workshops, and sponsorship for graduate level coursework at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.

Data Science Development Program Highlights:
High-impact project work: Junior data scientists work together with MassMutuals data scientists to solve challenging problems in finance,

operations, marketing, digital initiatives, security, and product development.

Interdisciplinary learning: In the DSDP, junior data scientists are exposed to multiple fields within and adjacent to data science such as data visualization, software engineering, and enterprise architecture.

Mentorship: Peer mentors and senior mentors across data science domains are paired with each member of the DSDP
Training & Development: In-house workshops, tech-talks, seminars, and team-wide learning challenges such as our annual Month of Code

are available to all development program members.

Academic coursework: Members of the DSDP engage in graduate-level courses at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in computer science and statistics according to an individually tailored development plan.

Volunteer & Community Opportunities: Team members have many opportunities to volunteer throughout the year. Junior data scientists volunteer at hackathons throughout the state, attend community data events, speak at external talks, and participate in community data for good efforts annually..

About Us

The MassMutual Data Labs in downtown Amherst consists of a dynamic team that is actively engaged in dozens of high-impact projects across the enterprise, frequently working remotely with teams based in Springfield, MA, New York, and Boston. Our environment and workspace reflects our dedication to innovation and learning, and has a collaborative, start-up vibe. We hold weekly training meetings to present technical ideas, new models, or interesting code libraries.

Junior Data Scientist Duties Include
Statistical analysis
Programming in R and Python
Data ingestion and data cleaning
Model building, testing, deployment, and maintenance Building visualizations
Presenting and explaining output
Executive presentations and discussions
Adherence to internal standards in data science Collaboration across functions and business units

Application Instructions
To finalize your application for consideration, all applicants must submit a portfolio. For instructions, visit https://datascience.massmutual.com/dsdp/apply

We accept applications from early career professionals and graduating students from undergraduate and graduate programs.

Minimum qualifications

Bachelors degree

Academic study or independent training in computational, quantitative, or technical fields, such as computer science, math, physics, or statistics

Working knowledge of Python, R, and SQL
Quantitative and technical skills in math and computer science Community engagement, involvement, and volunteerism Demonstrated leadership and change-making
Strong communication skills

Preferred qualifications

Enthusiastic about pursuing an interdisciplinary career in data science, analytics, and technology Research and/or practical experience in related fields
Demonstrated work experience through part time employment, internships, or professional endeavors

Committed to Diversity and Inclusion

Our employees are the embodiment of the idea that we all are stronger and better through our support for one another. By valuing people for who they are, how they think, and what they bring to the table, weve become a stronger, more innovative company. We continue to receive external recognition for our policies and programs that seek to create a diverse and inclusive environment.

Americas Best Employer for Diversity Forbes (2019)
Score of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index (2019)
National Association for Female Executives Top Company for Executive Women (2018) Disability Equality Index (DEI) Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion (2019) Diversity Best Practices Inclusion Index Company (2018)",3.7,"MassMutual
3.7","Amherst, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1851,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
145,Senior Data Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"The world's first customer platform helping internet businesses accelerate growth


Intercom builds a suite of products that provide modern internet businesses a new and better way to acquire, engage and retain customers. Today more than 25,000 businesses, including New Relic, Sotheby's, and Shopify, use Intercom to connect with a billion unique people worldwide.

Intercom is a deeply creative company with the confidence to believe it can fundamentally change the future of internet business. Our people are incredibly ambitious, yet humble. Warm, accepting, and positive. Whether you build, market, sell, or support product, we want you to make your mark with us.

What's the opportunity?


At Intercom, Analytics & Data Science teammates partner with every function in the organization in order to help teams make data-informed decisions and take data-informed actions. We're highly quantitative individuals who love to turn data into insights and communicate our findings fearlessly, and we're looking for people with a similar mindset who are constantly curious, driven to understand our business better, and committed to creating value.

In this role, you will partner with go-to-market teams across Intercom (including Marketing, BizOps, Finance, Growth R&D, and Sales) to measure new initiatives and make data-driven recommendations around go-to-market strategy. In addition to being experienced analytically, we're looking for someone who can proactively surface recommendations and insights, who's comfortable prioritizing work across multiple stakeholders, and who can work across the analytics and data stack in order to solve problems. If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you!

To give you a sense of some specific projects you might work on, here are a few of our recent workstreams: understanding how users respond to new pricing & packaging, understanding and modeling drivers of expansion, analyzing the customer signup experience, measuring the performance of paid advertising campaigns, prioritizing the leads our sales team should reach out to, and many more.

What will I be doing?
Evaluating the performance of our go-to-market strategies and initiatives by analyzing customer funnels and metrics (new business, retention, CAC, LTV, churn, etc.)
Partnering with go-to-market teams at Intercom to help them better understand their functional areas, build understanding and use of our data, and set a high bar for analytics across the organization
Building data science models to accelerate the business by providing deeper insights into prospect and customer behaviors
Creating dashboards that allow internal consumers to gain insight into the performance of their functional areas
Constructing reusable data pipelines for company-wide use
Monitoring the state of the business on a regular basis and generating data-driven hypotheses and action items in order drive business impact
What skills do I need?
4+ years of work experience in analytics/data science or a directly related field – some of which should be in a technology business
A proven track record of initiating and delivering actionable analyses/recommendations in order to drive business impact
An understanding of SaaS business models and key metrics
Some experience building data science models to provide deeper insights
Excellent communication skills (technical and non-technical) and comfort working with high-level stakeholders
Ability to work autonomously in a dynamic environment
Excellent SQL skills, fluency with BI/visualization tools, and deep knowledge of Excel, R, Python, or other analysis tools
Strong critical reasoning skills, including understanding of common pitfalls of data analysis
Benefits


We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there's something important to you that's not on this list, talk to us! :)
Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Fully funded comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
401k plan
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!
*Proof of eligibility to work in the United States is required.

Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.",3.7,"Intercom
3.7","San Francisco, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2011,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
146,Data Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Brief

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Overview

IFG Companies is in search of a Data Scientist to join its growing Predictive Modeling team.

The ideal candidate will have previous Data Modeling experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with an actuarial background in the property and casualty insurance space.

Responsibilities
Build predictive and/or Machine Learning models in SAS
Research new statistical and mathematical techniques that are suitable and helpful for solving business related problems
Prepare data for modelling and make best/creative use of applicable and available internal or external data
Identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged for modeling efforts
Support related processes around effectively deploying model to business
Effectively communicate results in written, oral and presentation formats to technical and non-technical audiences
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related discipline
3+ years of Data Modeling or similar experience.
Experience with predictive modeling (classification, regression, parameter tuning, optimization criteria, feature selection), preferably with multiple techniques
Experience in model validation techniques, model testing and continuous monitoring of model performance
Experience in Property & Casualty Insurance is strongly preferred.
Demonstrated experience working with large relational data sets.
Working knowledge in SAS, R, Python or another platform to develop and implement predictive models.
Ability and willingness to quickly gain knowledge of SAS enterprise guide and enterprise miner.
Ability to communicate complex technical information in common language to foster teaching and analytics guidance to internal customers.
Advanced experience in analytics, data cleaning, and predictive modeling.
Ability to write queries in SQL.
Detail-oriented and ability to work collaboratively
Physical Demands
Physical demands are considered to be that of an office environment, climate controlled, with minimal physical exertion. This position requires prolonged sitting, ability to utilize a computer and interactions with others in meetings or via phone.
Benefits
We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401(k), flexible spending, short-term and long-term disability insurance, life insurance, long-term care, education assistance and paid time off.
IFG Companies is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce. M/F/D/V",2.9,"IFG Companies
2.9","Atlanta, GA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1985,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
147,Data Engineer,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"You can make a salary. Or you can make a difference. Or you can work as a Data Engineer at Herman Miller and make both.

About this Opportunity
As a Data Engineer, you'll move and integrate data across multiple disparate systems. You will clean, normalize, and aggregate Herman Miller corporate reporting and analytics. You'll also provide support to functional areas by acting as expert in tools and methods for accessing, analyzing, and reporting corporate data.

What You'll Do
You'll have opportunities to speak up, solve problems, lead others, and be an owner every day as you...
Assist end users in reporting and analysis tools.
Collaborate with Analytics and Business Teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increase data accessibility, and foster data-driven decision making across the organization.
Define company data assets (data models).
Design data integrations and data quality framework.
Develop and maintain scalable data pipelines and build out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Implement processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for the key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Perform data analysis to troubleshoot data-related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Work closely with a team of Application Developers, Architects, and Analysts.
Work closely with all Business Units and Software teams to develop strategy for long-term data platform architecture.
Write unit/integration tests and document work.
Perform additional responsibilities as requested to achieve business objectives.
Sound Like You?
You might be just who we’re looking for if you have...
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Fully proficient retail and online retail data engineering abilities, typically gained through five years of working with Python/Java, SQL, working schema design, and dimensional data modeling.
At least five years of experience, or and equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems.
Experience working with cloud services and cloud data warehouses.
Experience with Snowflake, Matillion, Tableau, Business Objectives, and Net Suite (desirable).
The ability to manage and communicate data warehouse plans to internal clients.
Expert knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Software Development methodologies.
Advanced problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to identify and solve complex business needs.
The ability to be process-oriented with great documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service.
The ability to perform all essential job functions of the position with or without accommodations.
Who We Are
At Herman Miller, our unique culture represents the collective attitudes, ideas, and experiences of the people who work here. We focus on protecting the environment, impacting our communities, exceeding the expectations of our customers through high quality products, and championing diversity in all areas of the business, and together we are on a journey toward a better world. We support the well-being of our employees in and outside of work by providing a variety of opportunities including award-winning work-life integration resources, development programs, complex health and wellness offerings, and much more.

Herman Miller is a globally recognized provider of furnishings and related technologies and services. Headquartered in West Michigan, we have relied on innovative design for over 100 years to solve problems for people wherever they work, live, learn, and heal.

Herman Miller is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer including veterans and people with disabilities.

Apply Now!",3.7,"Herman Miller
3.7",United States,-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1905,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
148,Data Science Development Program- Junior Data Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Junior Data Scientist | Data Science Development Program
Amherst, MA

Deadline to apply: October 15, 2020
Start date: Mid-June, 2021

To finalize application, you must also submit a portfolio of project work. See below for more information.

What Great Looks Like In This Role

Our ideal teammate is someone who is a continuous learner who can adapt and thrive in complex, uncertain and changing situations. Someone who enjoys tackling complex tasks in a collaborative environment is well-suited to a position on our team. Self-motivated individuals comfortable working in a challenging, fast paced, technical environment are highly encouraged to apply!

You Are Able To Demonstrate This Through

A track record of thinking outside the box, taking initiative, and promoting innovation and change-making Ownership, commitment and follow-through in achieving results in school or work projects
Managing priorities effectively and adapting quickly to achieve goals
Pursuing opportunities for continuous learning to develop new skills and perspectives

About the Data Science Development Program

The Data Science Development Program (DSDP) trains junior team members to become well-rounded data scientists within three years. The development program includes high impact project work, mentorship from senior data scientists, in-house training and workshops, and sponsorship for graduate level coursework at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.

Data Science Development Program Highlights:
High-impact project work: Junior data scientists work together with MassMutuals data scientists to solve challenging problems in finance,

operations, marketing, digital initiatives, security, and product development.

Interdisciplinary learning: In the DSDP, junior data scientists are exposed to multiple fields within and adjacent to data science such as data visualization, software engineering, and enterprise architecture.

Mentorship: Peer mentors and senior mentors across data science domains are paired with each member of the DSDP
Training & Development: In-house workshops, tech-talks, seminars, and team-wide learning challenges such as our annual Month of Code

are available to all development program members.

Academic coursework: Members of the DSDP engage in graduate-level courses at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in computer science and statistics according to an individually tailored development plan.

Volunteer & Community Opportunities: Team members have many opportunities to volunteer throughout the year. Junior data scientists volunteer at hackathons throughout the state, attend community data events, speak at external talks, and participate in community data for good efforts annually..

About Us

The MassMutual Data Labs in downtown Amherst consists of a dynamic team that is actively engaged in dozens of high-impact projects across the enterprise, frequently working remotely with teams based in Springfield, MA, New York, and Boston. Our environment and workspace reflects our dedication to innovation and learning, and has a collaborative, start-up vibe. We hold weekly training meetings to present technical ideas, new models, or interesting code libraries.

Junior Data Scientist Duties Include
Statistical analysis
Programming in R and Python
Data ingestion and data cleaning
Model building, testing, deployment, and maintenance Building visualizations
Presenting and explaining output
Executive presentations and discussions
Adherence to internal standards in data science Collaboration across functions and business units

Application Instructions
To finalize your application for consideration, all applicants must submit a portfolio. For instructions, visit https://datascience.massmutual.com

/dsdp/apply

We accept applications from early career professionals and graduating students from undergraduate and graduate programs.

Minimum qualifications

Bachelors degree

Academic study or independent training in computational, quantitative, or technical fields, such as computer science, math, physics, or statistics

Working knowledge of Python, R, and SQL
Quantitative and technical skills in math and computer science Community engagement, involvement, and volunteerism Demonstrated leadership and change-making
Strong communication skills

Applications are accepted on a rolling basis through 2020, with priority consideration for applications received by Friday, October 23rd

*Ability to work in U.S. without sponsorship now or in the future

Preferred qualifications

Enthusiastic about pursuing an interdisciplinary career in data science, analytics, and technology Research and/or practical experience in related fields
Demonstrated work experience through part time employment, internships, or professional endeavors

Committed to Diversity and Inclusion

Our employees are the embodiment of the idea that we all are stronger and better through our support for one another. By valuing people for who they are, how they think, and what they bring to the table, weve become a stronger, more innovative company. We continue to receive external recognition for our policies and programs that seek to create a diverse and inclusive environment.

Americas Best Employer for Diversity Forbes (2019)
Score of 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index (2019)
National Association for Female Executives Top Company for Executive Women (2018) Disability Equality Index (DEI) Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion (2019) Diversity Best Practices Inclusion Index Company (2018)",3.7,"MassMutual
3.7","Amherst, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1851,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
149,"Scientist II, Tumor Immunology Clinical Pipeline",$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"PACT Pharma is an exciting, well-funded clinical-stage company developing personalized adoptive T cell therapies for the eradication of solid tumors. Our private designer T cells are created by analyzing a patient's individual tumor and engineering T cells to kill that specific tumor.

If you desire a stimulating fast-paced environment, working with intelligent people who are making an impact in cancer, you will want to join the PACT Pharma team. We are a rapidly expanding, innovative, and collaborative workforce working towards one main goal, eradicating cancer!

We are in the San Francisco bay area, the heart of the world's premier biotechnology research hub. PACT Pharma offers a competitive compensation and benefits package, including participation in the aggressive growth of the company in the form of stock option grants.

We are currently recruiting for a Scientist II in the Tumor Immunology clinical pipeline group. The person in this role will be responsible for performing immunological assays to functionally characterize the patient NeoE-specific T cells, as part of the product selection process prior to the manufacturing of PACT's adoptive cell therapy product (neoTCR-P1). This process is performed in a GMP-like laboratory setting. The candidate should enjoy operating in an exceptionally dynamic and cooperative environment and will communicate results to and coordinate efforts with a larger cross-disciplinary team of immunologists, biologists, engineers, and bio-informaticians.

Responsibilities:
Perform and thoroughly document ex vivo T cell functional assays according to established procedures.
Aid in drafting new protocols, improving existing workflows, and provide data for regulatory filings to support clinical development.
Analyze data and write reports to inform therapeutic candidate selection for our clinical patients
Identify and implement process improvements focused on quality, turnaround time, and cost
Implement and operate advanced liquid handling and robotic laboratory automation
Become a process expert and mentor/train research associates in performing the workflows
Partner with Research and Development teams to run research samples, custom workflows, and validation studies
Qualifications:
Ph.D. with 2 to 5 years of industry experience preferably in a production environment
Highly proficient in state-of-the-art techniques for characterizing T cell phenotype and measuring T cell functionality (antigen-specific killing assays, cytokine production, proliferation).
Experience with flow cytometry and primary human T cells is a must.
Experience operating within a formal quality management system. cGMP or ISO 13485 production experience is a plus
Communicate clearly and concisely, both verbally and in the form of written reports
Demonstrated leadership skills and teamwork
The candidate should be able to focus on deliverables and have demonstrated the ability to prioritize time-sensitive objectives.
Experience working with laboratory automation and liquid handlers is a plus
This position will require flexible work schedules.
PACT Pharma is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and strives to build a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.0,"PACT Pharma
4.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
150,Data Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:

Our Advanced Data Analytics division in Reston, VA is seeking a talented Data Scientist for R&D projects with large amounts of complex data. As a Data Scientist you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and analyzing the results of innovative solutions to clients’ challenging machine learning and data mining problems. Applicants interested in applying only off-the-shelf solutions need not apply. Project teams are small, typically 2-5 people including Data Scientists, Mathematicians, and Software Developers. Each person is involved in the project’s entire process, from concept through design and implementation to demonstration. Our management structure gives you the freedom to create innovative designs and products. The ideal candidate will have experience writing well-documented, maintainable, and extensible software and APIs.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Machine Learning, Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field
Significant experience developing and knowledge of best practices for evaluating innovative, scalable anomaly detection, classification, recommendation, and related algorithms
Significant programming experience in Python, Java, Scala, or R
Experience with machine learning software libraries such as scikit-learn and Weka
Understanding of deep learning algorithms and experience with related libraries such as TensorFlow, Torch, and Deeplearning4j a plus
Experience with big data tools such as Apache Spark, Mahout, or Storm a plus
Experience with NLP (Natural Language Processing) a plus
Ability to communicate algorithm design, performance metrics, and data analyses in written and oral reports
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED; applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and will need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information

Position Location: Reston, VA

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Metron takes affirmative action in support of its policy to employ and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor",3.0,"Metron, Inc.
3.0","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
151,Data Engineer,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Data Engineer will work with product owners and data stewards to deliver high quality technical solutions in response to business requirements. You will be counted on to provide your peers with technical expertise that will offer solutions for difficult programming problems.

Duties and Responsibilities:

SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) including UI and custom code features.
Write or create stored procedures, SQL scripts, SSIS packages that can be used to:
Move data from source databases to target databases
Clean / Condition data
Convert or transform data
Reconcile and confirm converted data
Find data errors
Validate data to business rules
Ability to examine existing ETL scripts and track data back to
source
SQL Server administration, tuning, and workbench.
Work with business experts to understand data and complete
data mappings.
Focus on the development of extract, transform, and load (ETL) jobs currently using Microsoft SQL, Server, and SSIS.
The environment currently supports hundreds of related ETL jobs that move data between 30 different source systems and between multiple classifications.
Part of the challenge as a data engineer will be to find scalable and efficient coding solutions that plug into this extensible system in order to add more data to the Enterprise data store.
Other duties as assigned

Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.)

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field
Equivalent years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of relevant experience with the following software / tools:
Experience with Microsoft SQL
Prior experience supporting IC/DoD
The existing data warehouse is built on Microsoft SQL hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS), so experience developing solutions that scale well in these environments is a plus.
Active Top-Secret Clearance with ability to obtain SCI

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Ability to work independently and yet be effective within a team setting
Must be capable of managing multiple efforts with time related constraints in a fast-paced contracting environment
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with diverse internal and external stakeholder groups and individuals
Friendly presence, helpful attitude, good interpersonal skills, and ability to work well with others.
Excellent skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, and other Office applications
Proficient with Microsoft Office Applications, and experience working in a home office setting as well as the ability to train end users on frequently asked technical issues.
Ability to provide technical assistance and support over the phone; good phone skills, professional demeanor, previous customer service experience strongly desired.

Good problem-solving skills; ability to visualize a problem/situation and think abstractly to solve it

Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)

While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.

Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.)

The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.
During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.

Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Native preference under PL 93-638.

We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.

Recruiter Jonas Patterson

Job Posting May 4, 2020, 1:51:27 PM",2.9,"Chenega Corporation
2.9","Springfield, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
152,Associate Clinical Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Associate Clinical Scientist will serve as a clinical scientist providing pharmacology support and execution of the development, update and maintenance of the TRHC?s clinical decision support system (CDSS) of drug-drug interactions based on drug pharmacokinetics properties. The successful candidate will have a working knowledge of clinical pharmacology, drug metabolism, drug transporters, and related pharmacokinetics principles. This person will work in collaboration with other research and clinical scientists in the Precision Pharmacotherapy Research & Development institute for the integration of generated information and of knowledge into the overall program strategies, to improve the efficiency of the TRHC?s CDSS, improve our mechanistic understanding and provide scientific rationale. This individual will also work in close collaboration with the TRHC academy to provide advanced training and review educational programs related to the TRHC?s CDSS. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a high-impact clinical pharmacology team and collaborative setting.

TRHC Scientific Precision Pharmacotherapy Research & Development Institute (SPPRDI) is committed to the development of proprietary products, their validation and recognition by the scientific and regulatory communities to optimize medication regimen in order to improve patient outcomes, reduce utilization of various healthcare services, lower healthcare costs, and manage risk.
Accountable and responsible for ensuring maintenance and update of drugs into the CDSS.
Performs, integrates and interpret PK analysis including pre-clinical and clinical studies.
Interpret enzymatic assays, in vitro/ex vivo drug metabolism studies. Integrate metabolism and transporter data to provide mechanistic interpretation into the CDSS.
Fully knowledgeable about PK?s drugs; to address, identify and resolve scientific issues.
Contributes to expert pharmacology input into educational training programs and materials.
Complies with all applicable regulations, maintains proper records in accordance with SOPs and policies
Education:
PharmD or MD equivalent and PhD from an accredited institution in Clinical pharmacology, Pharmacokinetics, Drug metabolism, or other relevant fields or equivalent experience in related fields.
Experience:
Experience in clinical pharmacology research.
Experience in research (post-doctoral formation/fellowship; up to 2 years) would be advantageous.
Specific Skills:
An in depth knowledge of drug metabolizing enzymes and transporters would be considered highly beneficial.
Demonstrated ability and strong understanding with preclinical and clinical PK data.
Demonstrates ability to drive for results independently.
Participates in team for ensuring valid methods and in assessing review process.
Applicant should be organized, self-motivated and capable of working autonomously and in a collaborative environment.
It would be advantageous for the candidate to have knowledge on pharmacogenomics.",4.1,"Tabula Rasa HealthCare, Inc
4.1","Orlando, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2009,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
153,Senior Scientist I (Cancer Pharmacology),$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:
Discovery Biotherapeutics is seeking an experienced, self-motivated scientist to provide in vitro and in vivo pharmacology support for the advancement of the biologics portfolio at Exelixis. The successful candidate must have strong pharmacology background in cancer as he/she will support preclinical activities of ongoing and new biologics projects in antibody drug conjugates and bispecific antibodies.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Design, implement and oversee the execution of efficacy/mechanism of action/pharmacokinetics/biodistribution studies in support of proof of concept studies on antibody-based oncology programs from discovery to lead selection.
• Design, implement and manage in vitro, in vivo and ex vivo studies for pharmacological characterization of drug candidates conducted by CROs and in-house as needed.
• Critical scientific/technical data analysis and interpretation of experiments.
• Interacts and collaborates with internal departments to deliver quality and timely findings in support of drug candidate advancement.
• Effectively communicate scientific concepts, findings and interpretation to multi-disciplinary teams.
• Follows company intellectual property and compliance policies and practices.
• Complies with company health and safety policies and general laboratory practices.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• May directly supervise employee(s).

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• Ph.D. in Pharmacology, Cancer Biology, Immunology or a closely related field and four to six years of experience and/or training in biotechnology/pharmaceutical industry post Ph.D.;
• Or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience:
• Strong scientific understanding of in vitro and in vivo pharmacology, PK, PD concepts in cancer biology/immuno-oncology is essential.
• Extensive knowledge in using oncology-based in vivo models for drug discovery is required. Models include syngeneic, xenografts, genetically engineered and humanized mouse models and patient derived xenograft (PDX).
• Strong CRO management experience for out-sourcing of in vivo experiments is required.
• Demonstrated drive for rigorous scientific excellence. Ability to think critically and creatively to identify and solve scientific problems.
• Ability to work independently, excellent time management and organization skills to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
• Excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills.
• A strong team player.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Proficiency in oncology-based animal tumor models and related animal handing techniques such as routes of dosing (iv, sc, ip, orthotopic etc.), blood collection, tissue collection, necropsy, tumor measurement, clinical observation, rodent survival surgeries, and imaging modalities.
• Proficiency in immuno-characterization of cells and tissues from in vivo studies.
• Skillful in mammalian cell culture and related techniques.
• Good knowledge in Flow cytometry and histology.
• Advanced knowledge in Excel, Word, PowerPoint, PDF, Graphpad prism.
• Good tracking record and report writing.
JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on extremely complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangible variables.
• Exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results.
• Uses professional concepts in accordance with company objectives to solve complex problems in creative and effective ways.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
154,"Scientist, Biologics Fermentation/Cell Culture",$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scientist, Biologics Fermentation/Cell Culture
Location


San Francisco

Requisition Number

5167-394-2020

Apply Now

Position Overview


Nektar has an exciting opportunity for a Scientist, Biologics Fermentation/Cell Culture to join their External Manufacturing Team.

Responsible for supporting the scale-up and tech-transfer of recombinant protein production processes including the development, optimization, and characterization of microbial fermentation, mammalian cell culture, and primary recovery processes. Designs and executes experiments to characterize manufacturing processes for the production of recombinant proteins. Performs primary recovery. Analyzes quality of expressed proteins using basic analytical techniques, i.e. SDS-PAGE, HPLC, etc. Participates in technology transfer to CRO/CMO and oversee process development, scale-up and/or GMP production activities at CMOs. Reviews and/or authors the CMC sections of regulatory filing documents. This position contributes to and supports the company’s research and development efforts to create high value therapeutics to address unmet medical needs.

Works on problems of diverse scope in which analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors. Exercises judgment within generally defined practices and policies in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions. Normally receives no instructions on routine work, general instructions on new assignments. Synthesizes multiple data sources and draws general, non-obvious conclusions. Defines problems, develops approaches and develops experiments with sound judgment with minimal supervision. Uses professional concepts and scientific knowledge to contribute to the development of company concepts and principles to achieve objectives in creative and effective ways. Develops, optimizes and characterizes of the microbial fermentation, mammalian cell culture and primary recovery process. Designs and executes fermentation and mammalian cell culture process to express recombinant proteins. Performs primary recovery. Analyzes quality of expressed proteins using basic analytical techniques, i.e. SDS-PAGE, HPLC, etc. Performs day-to-day planning, execution and analysis of laboratory experiments independently with minimal supervisions. Defines complex problems, develops approaches and develops experiments with sound judgment. Interfaces with various departments and partners. Plans and coordinates activities with other team members. Writes and/or approves complex reports and protocols. Maintains knowledge of regulatory compliance requirements. May assist with implementing organizational systems, identifying capital equipment, and projecting resource requirements. May mentor or manage staff, provides training as needed, and ensures adherence to company policies and quality requirements.

A PhD in a scientific or engineering discipline is required. Equivalent experience may be accepted. A minimum of 2 years work experience in a biotechnology/pharmaceutical industry, preferably in a process development, is required. Post-doctoral work may serve as experience. Exceptional non-PhDs with demonstrated capabilities and/or significant experience may also be considered. Must be able to demonstrate significant success in technical proficiency, scientific creativity, collaboration with others and independent thought. Must be current and active in field, while able to demonstrate expert knowledge in scientific principles and concepts both internally and externally with sustained performance and accomplishment. Must be able to clearly communicate scientific information both written and oral. Must be able to compose sound written work. Ability to present technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences is required. Must be able to demonstrate sound judgment. Must be able to demonstrate problem solving capabilities. Strong organizational skills are required. Good computer skills are required. Working knowledge of MS word, Excel, Power point is required. Experience working in an FDA regulated environment and knowledge of current GMPs as they apply to laboratory practices are highly desired. Experience with regulatory filings is a plus. Previous management experience is a plus. Must be willing to work as part of a team. Must be able to demonstrate good interpersonal skills.

Performance of tasks essential to the job function may require the employee to work directly with, handle, or otherwise come into contact with chemicals or pharmaceutical agents. Employees may be required to enroll in a medical surveillance program based on the potential exposure to certain health hazards encountered as a result of their job function.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to race, ethnicity, gender, veteran status, or on the basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. Nektar Therapeutics will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in the manner proscribed by the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.",3.3,"Nektar Therapeutics
3.3","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1990,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
155,Scientist/Research Associate-Metabolic Engineering,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Our company:
*Conagen Inc. is a leader in cutting-edge bio-manufacturing. We engineer organisms to produce high-value molecules that are essential to our well-being. Our focus is on food, nutrition, pharmaceuticals, and renewable materials. We employ the latest synthetic biology tools to design metabolic pathways and produce safe and high-quality products. Science and innovation are the driving forces of our mission. We believe in a green future.
Location: Bedford, MA
Job Type: Full-time
Compensation: Commensurate with skills and experience
Job Description Overview:
We are currently seeking a scientist/research associate to support projects related to the identification and functional characterization of metabolic enzymes for metabolic pathway engineering projects. The candidate is expected to have a strong background in molecular biology, biochemistry, microbiology, metabolic engineering, and other related disciplines. Strong technical, organizational, and communication skills, as well as the ability to develop creative solutions to challenging problems, are essential.
Responsibility:
Routinely perform molecular biology techniques such as primer design, PCR, DNA and RNA extraction, DNA mutagenesis, DNA cloning, plasmid mini-prep, DNA and protein sequence analysis, cell transformation, cell culture, and other more advanced molecular biology techniques in support of metabolic engineering research projects.
Utilize sequence analysis software such as Geneious Primer and other basic bioinformatics tools.
Perform experiments for enzymatic activity testing including express proteins in E. coli and yeast, recombinant proteins purification; analyze expressed proteins by SDS-PAGE and/or Western Blot and in vitro/in vivo enzymatic assays.
Operate laboratory and experimental equipment such as spectrophotometers, centrifuges, HPLC, FPLC, LC/MS, and GC/MS.
Strain engineering to optimize the production of desired compounds and protein.
Optimize the cultivation condition and assays for strains screening
Work collaboratively with other team members to accomplish project goals and milestones.
Routinely track and document results in laboratory notebooks and databases.
Analyze, summarize, and present experimental results to team leader and other team members.
Qualification:
A Master's degree or a Ph.D. degree in metabolic engineering, chemical engineering, molecular biology, microbiology, biochemistry, or other related fields.
Strong background in metabolic engineering, molecular biology, genetics, protein engineering, and synthetic biology with experience in recombinant DNA technologies, protein analysis, enzymatic assays, and cell transformation.
Experience in the engineering of metabolic pathways in microbial hosts is highly preferred.
Familiarity with analytical techniques for metabolite detection such as spectrophotometers, HPLC, LC/MS, and GC/MS.
Familiarity with diverse software packages for data processing and statistical analysis, primer design and sequence blasting and alignment.
Must be highly motivated and able to work independently while also possessing exceptional communication and teamwork skills.
Equal Employment Opportunity:
We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer – and celebrate our employees’ differences, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
*How to apply:
Cover letters and resumes will be accepted ONLY via email or Indeed.com.
Please do not contact the Company by phone until notified.
This position is not eligible for any type of visa sponsorship.
Job Type: Full-time
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Relocation assistance",3.5,"Conagen
3.5","New Bedford, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
156,Senior Clinical Evaluation Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Additional Locations: US-MN-Arden Hills

Purpose and Passion • Comprehensive Benefits • Life-Work Integration • Community • Career Growth

At Boston Scientific, you will find a collaborative culture driven by a passion for innovation that keeps us connected on the most essential level. With determination, imagination and a deep caring for human life, we’re solving some of the most important healthcare industry challenges. Together, we’re one global team committed to making a difference in people’s lives around the world. This is a place where you can find a career with meaningful purpose—improving lives through your life’s work.

About this role:

This is a highly dynamic role in which you will work in a team environment to help develop global evidence-based clinical strategies for cardiology medical devices (CRM and Electrophysiology) by creating clinical documentation that systematically synthesizes information from multiple data sources. As a Clinical Evaluation Scientist, you will plan and develop clinical evaluation reports (CERs) and post-market clinical follow-up (PMCF) reports, as well as summary of safety and clinical performance reports (SSCPs) in alignment with applicable clinical and regulatory standards and business needs. This role applies analytical thought processes and a highly methodical clinical evaluation approach to develop benefit/risk profiles for the Boston Scientific portfolio cardiology devices. A successful candidate has excellent writing skills as well as the ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional partners. Your efforts support product approval, indication expansion and claim support, and mandated post-market requirements.

Your responsibilities will include:
Compile, appraise, and evaluate data from multiple sources including clinical trials, medical literature, design verification/validation data, and product complaint data. Includes development of literature search strategies and methodical evaluation of medical literature.
Create analyses to evaluate product benefit/risk profile and safety and performance and develop profile of adverse events. Identify potential clinical evidence gaps and contribute to development of prospective evidence strategy to address gaps.
Collaborate with leadership and cross-functional partners to develop global clinical strategies for new product development and/or EU MDR certification, ensure alignment of clinical data with risk documentation, and to contribute to product labeling.
Aid in the development and execution of strategies for regulatory responses for regulatory submissions
What we’re looking for in you:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s/Master’s degree and 8+ years professional experience or Advanced degree (PhD, research-based MS, MD, RN/DVM) and 3+ years professional experience
Analytical skills, including strong familiarity with medical literature
Strong medical/scientific writing skills
Preferred Qualification
Knowledge of cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology medical device products and related disease states/ medical terminology
Medical device experience, including understanding of regulatory
Ability to understand engineering documentation, including risk documentation
About us

As a global medical technology leader for more than 35 years, our mission at Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) is to transform lives through innovative medical solutions that improve the health of patients. If you’re looking to truly make a difference to people both around the world and around the corner, there’s no better place to make it happen.

Boston Scientific is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Disability, Veteran

Requisition ID: 467272",4.4,"Boston Scientific
4.4","Arden Hills, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
157,Senior Clinical Research Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"SUMMARY:
The Clinical Research Scientist (CRS) /Senior Clinical Research Scientist position serves a key role within the Clinical Development R&D team, reporting to the Head of Clinical Research Science/Senior Medical Director. The CRS works closely with the assigned study team(s) and medical director(s) to support the activities associated with one or more clinical studies. The CRS leads or co-leads a study or study activities. This position collaborates with clinical team members as well as with functions outside of clinical to provide high quality and timely deliverables. The CRS is responsible for achievement of personal goals which support study team, project team, and corporate goals.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Lead or support assigned study level activities for 1 or more clinical studies with minimal supervision; may lead or co-lead a study
Thorough understanding of assigned protocol and protocol requirements
Understands work to be done; plans ahead
Lead/Co-Lead or Support study start-up/conduct/close-out activities as applicable
Preparation, storage, maintenance of clinical documents (TMF)
Protocol development process with minimal guidance; including writing, reviewing, adjudication/resolution of cross functional comments, and ensuring high quality final document)
Perform medical monitoring duties, under the supervision of the medical director, depending on the qualifications and experience of the candidate. Should be appropriately trained and fully aware of all aspects of the drug under investigation and the requirements of the protocol, including any annexes and amendments. In order to function as a medical monitor, the candidate should have adequate medical, pharmaceutical, and/or scientific qualifications, and clinical trial experience.
Review and validation of clinical study reports (CSRs); thorough understanding the connection between the data and the CSR
Author/coordinate and review Regulatory Documents (e.g., IB, Briefing Books)
Author/Review Informed Consent Forms (ICF); review/support finalization of regional and site ICFs as needed; ensure high quality, appropriate reading level text, and alignment with protocol)
Planning of site and CRA training; including logistics, materials and presentation
Country/site selection activities
Collaboration with Clinical Operations for budget preparation, CRO scope of work, etc. (i.e., review and provide feedback on activities/instructions/deliverables related to study data, IVRS, central labs, patient reported outcomes)
Study committee (e.g., DMC) activities such as charters, meetings, presentation preparation
Investigator Meeting and SIV planning/facilitation/presentation
Activities related to data generation and validation, including CRF creation, clinical data review, communication as needed to resolve data queries, draft/update/review data review plans, support Clinical Research Physician in data review (generation of reports, action plans, trend identification), etc)
Identify, escalate current/active/future issues; propose and enact solutions
Identify and liaise with external partners
Present data/information to external investigators or study staff (e.g., SIV presentations)
Lead the planning and preparations for external/stakeholder meetings (e.g., IMs)
Provide guidance and scientific expertise within team, across department, and across functions
Collaborate with study team members (Clinical, Clinical Operations, Data Management, Statistics, Drug Safety, IMSC, Regulatory Affairs, Translational Medicine and Project Management) to ensure that key milestones are met on time and with high quality
May support clinical development planning (assist with analysis of data and review of literature to support future planning)

Masters/PhD in biological/pharmaceutical science, PharmD with 1-2 years of academic/pharmaceutical/biotech clinical research experience. RN/MSN/NP/PA with 3+ years of hematology/oncology clinical trial experience will also be considered.
Comprehensive knowledge of oncology drug development process preferred.
Proficient knowledge of GCP/ICH, study design, statistics, clinical operations within the oncology therapeutic space.
Excellent verbal, written, communication and interpersonal skills. Must be able to effectively communicate and collaborate across functions and job levels.
Ability to assimilate technical information quickly
Strong sense of teamwork; ability to lead team activities
Proficient knowledge and skills to support program specific data review, trend identification, data interpretation
Proficient in Medical Terminology and medical writing skills
Proficient critical thinking, problem solving, decision making skills
Understanding of functional and cross-functional relationships
Adaptable / Flexible (willing and able to adjust to multiple demands and shifting priorities; ability to meet day-to-day challenges with confidence and professionalism)
Proficient planning/project management skills (ability to develop short to mid-range plans that are realistic and effective in meeting goals
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Electronic Data Capture (e.g., RAVE), or similar data reporting tools

Karyopharm Therapeutics is a global commercial-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel first-in-class drugs directed against nuclear transport targets for the treatment of cancer and other major diseases.
Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc. (the ""Company"") is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, color, sex, religion/creed, national origin, marital status, ancestry, citizenship, military, reservist or veteran status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or preference, gender identity, gender expression, physical or mental disability, genetic predisposition or carrier status, or any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local law. Consistent with its obligations under applicable law, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require an accommodation in the application process, please contact a member of the Company’s Human Resources department.",3.7,"Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc.
3.7","Newton, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
158,Scientist I,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description: *
Coastar Therapeutics is seeking a highly-motivated scientist with assay development expertise to join the analytical development team. The successful candidate will be responsible for developing analytical methods in support of the biological membrane coated virus development. Operating in a cross-functional and dynamic environment, the individual will work closely with Product Development and Process Development teams. The ideal candidate should have a proven track record of developing, implementing, and transferring QC-suitable analytical testing methods that are compliant with regulatory requirements.

This is a full-time position reporting to the CSO and is located at our corporate headquarter in San Diego.
Primary Responsibilities: *
• Perform all functions to support bioassay development and assay qualification with exemplary documentation practices

• Perform established in-process control and release assays to support pilot process development

• Detailed record keeping, data interpretation, and presentation to functional and project teams

• Ordering and maintaining stocks of lab reagents and samples
Requirements: *
• Ph.D. or M.S. degree with 3~5 years relevant experience in a related field

• Prior experience with designing and developing cellular/enzyme-based assays is preferred

• Prior experience with bi-specific antibody is strongly preferred

• Working knowledge of statistical and analytical tools

• Prior experience with bioassay / bioanalytical development is strongly preferred

• Excellent communication, time management, record keeping, presentation, and data analysis skills

• The ability to successfully pursue an individual research project and take direction in a group environment
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements: *
• Will require working with blood, tissues, and cell lines of human and animal origin

• On-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA

• Occasional travelling will be required (< 10%)

The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
COVID-19 considerations:
To keep everyone work safely, we have the work environment redesigned to be compliant with the requirement, including isolated desks and lab benches, mask requirement, etc.

This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
http://coastartherapeutics.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No",-1,Coastar Therapeutics Inc.,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
159,Chief Scientist,$91k-$150k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Chief Scientist is fundamentally responsible to help establish and sustain NRECA and the cooperative community as leaders in the scientific aspects of the advancing electrical grid and enhance our standing in the scientific and engineering communities both in the private sector and in government. The Chief Scientist must participate in meetings on behalf of NRECA and the co-ops in government, industry, and professional forums and participate through authored papers and presentation. The Chief Scientist must organize the pursuit of underwritten research, and lead or support bidding efforts where appropriate. The Chief Scientist must recruit high level scientific talent and build partnerships with leading researchers in industry and research institution. The Chief Scientist may serve as the Principal Investigator on multiple projects and provide a technical role on others. Within NRECA, the Chief Scientist is responsible for the management and administration of staff involved in underwritten research.

Purpose and Mission

• Assists with leading and managing technologically-complex research projects, which provides bottom-line and operational effectiveness impact to cooperatives in such areas as distribution, transmission, generation, renewable and distributed energy, energy efficiency and demand response, and smarter grid technologies.
• Supports building and advancing strong, winning relationships with federal agencies, large industry, and the network of national laboratories. Forecast and inspire/incubate funding opportunities and support for NRECA projects; and generates innovative partnerships with federal agencies in order to secure funding.
• Identifies compelling, unique project ideas with high-win potential funding requests. Supports building strong project teams including subject matter experts; rallies large teams for proposals; and oversees, produces technical portions, and structures components of large, multi-million dollar funding requests.
• Conducts primary research and products while analyzing and communicating technical barriers, enlisting member and partner endorsements, and delivers results at high-level briefings to national laboratories and federal government agency executives, senior advisors, and project managers with funding authority.
• Serves as one of the technical resources for the BTS division and leads the development of intellectual property to expand NRECA’s technical capabilities and demonstrate national technical leadership.
• Attracts and recruits stakeholders and builds necessary coalitions to raise external matching funds and negotiates financial obligations for participation in joint research opportunities.
• Monitors Department of Energy (DOE), other federal, state, and non-governmental research organizations’ current engagements to maintain an understanding of their research portfolios, and forecasts and develops new NRECA research opportunities, which align with future external programs.
• Shapes opportunities for NRECA to participate in technical briefings and presentations to federal agencies, large industry, national laboratories, academia, and research institutions.
• Supports the development and maintenance of a comprehensive vision of the future of the grid.
• Seven direct reports

Chief Scientist
Location: Arlington

Category: Business Technology Strategy – Electricity

Department: Business Technology Strategies

Job Description

The National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA), with offices in Arlington, VA and Lincoln, NE is the trade association for over 900 consumer-owned electric cooperatives serving more than 42 million people. NRECA is committed to harnessing the strength of America’s electric cooperatives into a single powerful voice. NRECA has won the following awards over the past few years:

• Top Workplace by the Washington Post
• 100 Best Places to Work - ComputerWorld Magazine
• 50 Best Places to Work - The Washingtonian
• CARE Award Recipient - Recognizing organizations that promote a positive work-life balance
• Best Place to Work Award Recipient - Lincoln, NE
• Gold Well Workplace - Wellness Councils of America
• State of NE Governor's Wellness Award - Grower Level

At NRECA, we work with people who are leaders in their fields. They are down-to-earth, hardworking professionals committed to helping our members serve their communities. Our work is interesting, constantly evolving, and requires new skills to meet the evolving needs of a dynamic industry. In this collegial, inclusive work environment, united around the compelling purpose and history of electric cooperatives, we thrive. And topping it off, NRECA cares about each person’s overall well-being, encouraging health, financial security, and a sustainable work/life balance. EEO/AA- M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status/Genetic Data

Summary
Chief Scientist M.4

The Chief Scientist is fundamentally responsible to help establish and sustain NRECA and the cooperative community as leaders in the scientific aspects of the advancing electrical grid and enhance our standing in the scientific and engineering communities both in the private sector and in government. The Chief Scientist must participate in meetings on behalf of NRECA and the co-ops in government, industry, and professional forums and participate through authored papers and presentation. The Chief Scientist must organize the pursuit of underwritten research, and lead or support bidding efforts where appropriate. The Chief Scientist must recruit high level scientific talent and build partnerships with leading researchers in industry and research institution. The Chief Scientist may serve as the Principal Investigator on multiple projects and provide a technical role on others. Within NRECA, the Chief Scientist is responsible for the management and administration of staff involved in underwritten research.

Purpose and Mission

• Assists with leading and managing technologically-complex research projects, which provides bottom-line and operational effectiveness impact to cooperatives in such areas as distribution, transmission, generation, renewable and distributed energy, energy efficiency and demand response, and smarter grid technologies.
• Supports building and advancing strong, winning relationships with federal agencies, large industry, and the network of national laboratories. Forecast and inspire/incubate funding opportunities and support for NRECA projects; and generates innovative partnerships with federal agencies in order to secure funding.
• Identifies compelling, unique project ideas with high-win potential funding requests. Supports building strong project teams including subject matter experts; rallies large teams for proposals; and oversees, produces technical portions, and structures components of large, multi-million dollar funding requests.
• Conducts primary research and products while analyzing and communicating technical barriers, enlisting member and partner endorsements, and delivers results at high-level briefings to national laboratories and federal government agency executives, senior advisors, and project managers with funding authority.
• Serves as one of the technical resources for the BTS division and leads the development of intellectual property to expand NRECA’s technical capabilities and demonstrate national technical leadership.
• Attracts and recruits stakeholders and builds necessary coalitions to raise external matching funds and negotiates financial obligations for participation in joint research opportunities.
• Monitors Department of Energy (DOE), other federal, state, and non-governmental research organizations’ current engagements to maintain an understanding of their research portfolios, and forecasts and develops new NRECA research opportunities, which align with future external programs.
• Shapes opportunities for NRECA to participate in technical briefings and presentations to federal agencies, large industry, national laboratories, academia, and research institutions.
• Supports the development and maintenance of a comprehensive vision of the future of the grid.
• Seven direct reports

Requirements and Qualifications

• Ph.D. in energy science, physics, mathematics or engineering or 15 years of research industry experience
• Fifteen years of energy industry experience required, including federal contracting experience, and an established, robust set of contacts within key federal and non-governmental firms who are traditional awardees of federal programs.
• Ability to manage competing deadlines and multiple projects at various stages of development using effective organization skills and attention to detail.
• Ability to work with a wide variety of people to foster cooperation in sharing information and materials .
• Ability to lead people and foster collaborative skills and consensus building while operating in a fast-moving environment.
• Ability to build consortia and syndication of industry partners around research objectives.
• Ability to structure funding proposals with a successful win record.
• Ability to successfully function in the Federal contracting process.
• Ability to deliver academic-level technical research analysis, writings and patents.
• Ability to operate independently with a high level of visibility and to shift priorities in a rapidly changing environment.
• Ability to travel from up to 30%, fluctuating as needed to foster effective relationships.
• Ability to recruit, organize, lead, and manage technical teams in the execution of research work, contract work, and internally funded product.
• Ability to explain complex technical subjects clearly to non-specialists, in presentations and in writing.
• Ability to communicate, both verbally and in writing, with a diverse membership, employees and/or vendors in a clear and precise manner.
• Ability to use Microsoft Office tools (Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Point) in the day-to-day essential duties of the job.
• Ability to provide service excellence by building relationships, being resourceful, responsive and respectful.

ADA Requirements
• The worker is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal and extensive reading.
• Exerting up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to move objects. If the use of arm and/or leg controls requires exertion of forces greater than that for sedentary work and the worker sits most of the time, the job is rated for light work.
Disclaimer Statement: The preceding job description has been written to reflect management’s assignment of",3.5,"NRECA
3.5","Arlington, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1942,Nonprofit Organization,Membership Organizations,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
160,Data Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"A trusted partner at nearly three million commercial customer locations, Ecolab (ECL) is the global leader in water, hygiene and infection prevention solutions and services. With annual sales of $13 billion and more than 45,000 associates, Ecolab delivers comprehensive solutions, data-driven insights and personalized service to advance food safety, maintain clean and safe environments, optimize water and energy use, and improve operational efficiencies and sustainability for customers in the food, healthcare, hospitality and industrial markets in more than 170 countries around the world.

Ecolabs Institutional division, serving the restaurant and hospitality market, is seeking a business focused Data Scientist to unlock the value in data assets while creating new and unique offerings for customers. As a data scientist in the Advanced Analytics organization, you will play a pivotal role in planning, executing and delivering machine learning-based projects. The bulk of the work will be in machine learning (ML) modelling, management and problem analysis, data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration, as well as operationalization. You will be a key interface between the advanced analytics team and the business unit and various other departments (such as IT). Candidates need to be very much self-driven, curious and creative.

In this role, we are looking for:
A problem-solving mindset with the ability to understand business challenges and how to apply your analytics expertise to solve them.
The unique person who can present complex mathematical solutions in a simple manner that most will understand including customers.
An individual excited by innovation and new technology and eager to finds ways to employ these innovations in practice.
A team mentality empowered by the ability to work with a diverse set of individuals.
Whats in it For You:
Opportunity to take on some of the worlds most meaningful challenges, helping customers achieve clean water, safe food, abundant energy and healthy environments.
Ability to make an impact and shape your career with a company that is passionate about growth.
Support of an organization that believes it is vital to include and engage diverse people, perspectives and ideas to achieve our best.
What you will do:
Problem Analysis and Project Management.
Inspire the organization about the business potential and strategy of artificial intelligence.
Collaborate across the business to understand IT and business constraints.
Manage data science projects and the corresponding key performance indicators (KPIs) for success.
Data Collection and Integration.
Understand new data sources and process pipelines and catalog/document them.
Acquire access to various databases and other sources systems such as SQL or graph databases.
Create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.
Data Exploration and Preparation.
Apply statistical analysis and visualization techniques to various data.
Generate hypotheses about the underlying mechanics of the business process.
Test hypotheses using various quantitative methods.
Display drive and curiosity to understand the business process to its core.
Network with domain experts to better understand the business mechanics that generated the data.
Machine Learning.
Apply various ML and advanced analytics techniques to perform classification or prediction tasks.
Acquire domain knowledge and integrate it into ML solutions, for example, from an understanding of financial risk, customer journey, quality prediction, sales, marketing.
Testing of ML models, such as cross-validation, A/B testing, bias and fairness.
Operationalization.
Collaborate with ML operations, data engineers, and IT to deploy ML solutions.
Follow established best practices around ML production infrastructure.
Network with internal and external partners.
Upskill yourself (through conferences, publications, courses, local academia and meetups).
Collaboration with other technical teams within the organization.
Encourage and leverage the reuse of artifacts.
Be encouraged and expected to innovate and be creative in your data analysis, problem solving and presentation of solutions.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics with 3+ years related experience, or
Masters Degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics with 1+ years of related experience
Experience working with statistics/analytics/visualization tools, preferably in the Microsoft Azure Suite.
Preferred Qualifications:
Ph.D. degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics.
Experience working in Python/SQL/Jupyter.
Self-driven, curious and creative with a collaborative mindset.
Demonstrated ability to work in diverse, cross-functional teams in a dynamic business environment.
Strong communication and presentation skills.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Ecolab, we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran.

In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. Ecolab is a place where you can grow your career, own your future and impact what matters.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.",3.6,"Ecolab
3.6","Saint Paul, MN",-1,10000+ Employees,1923,Company - Public,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
161,Senior Data Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our success depends on our ability to create a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment. We're committed to attracting, developing, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce. By ensuring that every Demandbase employee is able to bring a diversity of talents to work, we're increasingly capable of living out our mission and providing real insight from our products to support our customers. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Demandbase!

The world's largest and fastest-growing companies such as Accenture, Adobe, DocuSign, and Salesforce rely on Demandbase to drive their Account-Based Marketing strategy and maximize their B2B marketing performance. We pioneered the ABM category nearly a decade ago, and today we lead the category as an indispensable part of the B2B MarTech stack. Our achievements and innovation would not be possible without the driven and collaborative teams here at Demandbase. As a company, we're as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class technology. We invest heavily in people, our culture, and the community around us, and have continuously been recognized as one of the best places to work in the Bay Area.

Here's What Data Scientists do at Demandbase:

You will be a member of Demandbase's Central Data Science team that drives product innovation and is responsible for all ML/AI initiatives and projects. We build and apply ML models at every stage of the B2B buyer's journey. Starting from the top of the funnel, Data Scientists build account rank models to score tens of millions of companies and also recommend companies that aren't yet in their CRM. Our Data Scientists apply cutting edge natural language processing algorithms and deep learning models to predict whether a company is interested in our clients product even before they visit their site. Once ML generated account lists are built, we launch campaigns to generate awareness and traffic to target sites.

Our Data Scientists build pacing, pricing, click-through rate, and engagement models using tens of billions of auctions daily to optimize campaign performance. When potential prospects click on ads/banners, they build reinforcement learning algorithms to optimize the user experience.

After potential prospects share their contact information, our Data Scientists build real-time intent using time series analysis to trigger an alert for sales to contact the prospects when there's intent surge. ML models are a significant differentiator for each of our offerings in the ABM platform, Targeting, Conversion, and Intent products. Our Data Scientists not only build ML models, but are also substantially involved in productizing the models, and working closely and cross-functionally with data engineering, application, product, and UX design teams to deliver the world's best account-based marketing and advertising product.

The Data Science team is currently looking for a Senior Data Scientist to develop ground-breaking insights from our data sets and creating robust machine learning models. As a Data Scientist at Demandbase, you will be responsible for discovering insights, identifying opportunities, solving complex problems using simple, pragmatic, and state-of-the-art solutions, and aggressively pushing your projects independently and cross-functionally. Some of our projects include Natural Language Processing/Understanding, Entity Extraction, Deep Learning, Graph, and Optimization.

Please note that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Demandbase offices will be closed for the foreseeable future and all positions are remote until further notice.

What you'll be doing:
Develop Machine Learning algorithms that optimize and make an immediate business impact on Targeting KPIs.
Build, test, and deploy custom ML/AI models and algorithms on large datasets, and develop processes for monitoring and analyzing their performance on production environments.
Communicate algorithms, complex data science methods, and statistical results with technical and non-technical audiences.
Stay current with the latest technology/research and drive innovation.
What we're looking for:
4-6 years of data science experience
Background in Statistics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Computational Psychology, Operational Research, Physics or relevant field
Driven more than one greenfield project from concept to production release
Demonstrated experience leading teams and projects
Demonstrated ability to write clean and performant code in Python
Experience working with AI/ML technologies like TensorFlow, scikit-learn, Spark MLlib, Bigquery Machine Learning, and large-scale data sets and generating unique models and algorithms
Proficiency with analytical and database tools (e.g. Jupyter notebooks, Hive, SQL, No-SQL)
Strong background in classical machine learning and deep knowledge in a variety of techniques in feature selection, regression, classification, and clustering, and their real-world advantages and drawbacks
Experience with Google Cloud and AWS is a plus
Prior experience in Martech/Adtech space is a plus
Knowledge or experience with continuous delivery for machine learning (CD2ML) framework is a plus
Other important qualities:
You enjoy working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
You are a driver, a learner, and a doer
You do what you say you will do
You are highly self-motivated and able to operate with significant autonomy
You are able to break down complex problems and come up with simple innovative solutions
You are able to dig deep into problems yet being able to focus on the goals and don't get lost in the details
Data is your thing, you love metrics and use metrics to drive projects
You are willing to build end-to-end and own the machine learning products you build or help build
Benefits:

Our benefits include 100% paid for Medical, Dental and Vision for you and your entire family, short-term/long-term disability, life insurance, flexible vacation policy and 401K. Due to the COVID pandemic the Demandbase offices are closed for the foreseeable future. When the office reopens, we also offer commuter benefits, free snacks, catered lunch every Friday, chair massages, weekly yoga and much more!

About Demandbase:

Demandbase is the leader in Account-Based Marketing (ABM) and an indispensable part of the B2B tech stack. The company offers the only end-to-end ABM platform that helps B2B marketers identify, win and grow the accounts that matter most. The biggest and fastest growing companies in the world, such as Accenture, Adobe, DocuSign, GE, Salesforce and others rely on Demandbase to drive their ABM strategy and maximize their marketing performance. The company has been named to the JMP Securities list ""The Hot 100: The Best Privately Held Software Companies,"" the Deloitte Fast 500 and named a Gartner Cool Vendor for Tech Go-To Market. In 2019, Demandbase executives authored the definitive book on ABM, Account-Based Marketing: How to Target and Engage the Companies That Will Grow Your Revenue. For more information, please visit www.demandbase.com or follow the company on Twitter @Demandbase.",4.4,"Demandbase
4.4",Remote,-1,201 to 500 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
162,Data Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Company Description

MMIT is growing from the leading drug coverage data business into a comprehensive, integrated market access company serving pharmaceutical manufacturers, health insurers, PBMs and healthcare IT companies. Their suite of applications is designed to manage an ever-changing proprietary set of pharmacy and medical benefit information and to provide a structured view of complex market access information. By embedding their data and SaaS applications across healthcare, they help ensure transparency, consistency and informed prescription decisions across the MMIT Network. They partner with hundreds of payers and pharma manufacturers ensuring that their products continually capture and analyze coverage and restriction criteria for more than 98% covered lives.

Team Overview

The MMIT Product Management Team is charged with developing, growing and maintaining the MMIT product portfolio that smooth access to lifechanging therapies. This entails managing products through all phases of the product lifecycle, from concept to sunset. The product management team embraces a market-backed perspective, champions unmet client needs, and is committed to a highly accountable and collaborative Product Management approach.

Job Description

MMIT is seeking experienced Data Scientists to meaningful contributes to the growth and development of the MMIT product portfolio. Ideal candidates are comfortable working with large, complex data sets to help inform, simplify and actualize key product capabilities. They will have comfort collaborating with various stakeholders and navigating ambiguity with limited direction. They will dedicate themselves to understanding the MMIT product portfolio (both current capabilities and future product roadmaps) and key data dependencies to inform data models, architecture, and new product development.

To succeed in this role, you will apply your skillset to

· Inform, create and/or maintain master data hierarchy, attributes and structure.

· Bridge claims data and coverage data – Refine existing rules and create and continually improve new methods for accurately assigning pharmacy and medical claims volumes to MMIT controller entities

· Apply data science to the creation of short and long form geographic market and controller entity descriptive narratives (NLP / NLG)

· Translate product management strategy into actionable data science deliverables, guiding development of data models, business rules and other advanced analytical capabilities

· Excel at communicating across a broad set of cross-functional stakeholders.

· Work collaboratively with MMIT product and data teams to develop and/or commercialize analytics use cases that may include market access, coverage / lives, and RWE data

· Effectively partner with external organizations including clients and vendors to develop meaning and projectable analytics about trends in market access dynamics across payers, geographies, indications, drugs, etc.

· Identify and evaluate additional data sources that could be integrated in value enhancing ways.

· Build reports, dashboards and/or other analyses as needed and/or as specific initiatives arise.

· Support various commercial or commercialization efforts as needed.

· Take a leading role in developing data science as a discipline across product management, development and data operations.

Qualifications

Relevant Skills and Experiences

· Postgraduate degree or higher involving machine learning, statistics, or computer science

· Experience of statistical / machine learning projects in academia or commercial sector end to end with proven delivery capability including capturing requirements, designing analysis plans, interfacing with clients and report / manuscript writing

· Experience in applying Natural Language Processing and related AI capabilities.

· Experience working with large and complex healthcare datasets, preferably patient-level longitudinal data and experience with studies of treatment effectiveness/outcomes, disease progression, adherence, healthcare utilization, patient journey, sales targeting, prescription/procedure volumes/shares, provider networks and prescribing/treatment patterns, etc

· Strong related programming skills including experience with good coding practices and a thorough understanding of the data science package landscape. Familiarity with Tableau and PowerBI a plus.

· Familiarity with agile software development practices

· Excellent written and spoken communication skills, including ability to present technical concepts to lay audiences, write analysis plans for projects, contribute to proposals / grant applications, pitch ideas effectively and persuasively to clients / internal stakeholders, etc.

· Demonstrated ability to work both collaboratively to solve complex problems and individually to research/advance areas of interest and exploration

· Proven ability to develop meaningful/valuable analytic insights from multiple data sources and support value through commercialization

Preferred candidates may also have

· Experience supporting or launching Data and Analytics or SaaS-based enterprise product

· Experience in managed markets and pharma market access ecosystem

· Experience in the commercial health insurance industry

· Knowledge of payer marketing, drug development lifecycle and drug launch process

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Position will be based in Livingston NJ or Yardley PA

(highly qualified remote applicants will be considered)

Travel Requirements:

Approximately <10>",3.9,"MMIT
3.9","Yardley, PA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
163,HPC Computational Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Travel Required: Less than 10%
Public Trust: None
Requisition Type: Regular

The Department of Defense (DoD) High Performance Computing Modernization Program (HPCMP) Productivity Enhancement and Training (PET) initiative. PET enhances the capability and productivity of the HPCMP community through training, collaboration, tool and software development, technology transfer, and outreach.

We currently have a position in Dayton, Ohio for a Computational Scientist.

You will join teams of computational experts representing a critical mass of expertise in key areas of support for the HPCMP.

You may support one or more of the following areas:

Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD)
Computational Structural Mechanics (CSM)
Climate/Weather/Ocean Modeling and Simulation (CWO)
Environmental Quality Modeling and Simulation (EQM)
Forces Modeling and Simulation (FMS)
Integrated Modeling and Test Environments (IMT)
Space and Astrophysical Sciences (SAS)
Signal/Image Processing (SIP)

Duties may include the following:

Software Refactoring to Optimize Performance for Emerging Architectures
High Performance Data Analytics (HPDA): Technical support for customer projects that span the range of computational disciplines that require data analytical tools including, AI and ML.
Emerging Hardware (HW) Exploration: Supporting the evaluation of emerging hardware for potential future use

Technical Skills should include the following:

Expertise in the use of various programming languages used in scientific high-performance computing (FORTRAN, C/C++, Perl, Python), scientific visualization software (e.g., EnSite), and mesh generation software (e.g. Pointwise, GRIDGEN) is also preferred.
Experience with Linux on large scale systems.
Extensive knowledge of HPC and parallel programming techniques (e.g. MPI, OpenMP) is preferred
Bachelor of Science or higher preferred
5+ years Experience with HPC science or engineering programs
Must be a US citizen and be eligible for a DoD clearance

#GDITPRIORITY

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.5,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.5","Dayton, OH",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
164,AWS Data Engineer,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"AWS Data Engineer Northern, VA

AWS Data Engineer


Minimum Requirements
Active SECRET clearance preferred; Clearable US Citizen with NAIC (National background check) may also apply
5 years Data Engineering experience AND a BA Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Sciences, or equivalent; 4 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education.
Working knowledge of agile software development, DevSecOps, and AWS native solutions including API Gateway, S3, and Lambda is required.
Preferred Experience
Knowledge of several of the following areas is desirable: DevSecOps, Active Server Pages, JavaScript, Python, HTML, and AWS native applications including S3, WAF, API Gateway, Lambda, CloudFront, DynamoDB, Transcribe, Athena, Simple Queue Service, QuikSight, CloudWatch, CloudTrail, KMS, and Cognito.
Job Duties
Provide development support to the Scrum Master in an agile software development environment in AWS.
Works as a key member of an AWS native solution software development team and works to identify risks and bottlenecks associated with big data environments.
About NuWave Solutions

NuWave Solutions is a recognized leader in providing anticipatory intelligence and advanced data analytics to the defense, intelligence, and private sectors for over 20 years. Leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning methodologies, NuWave Solutions streamlines the Data-to-Decision lifecycle faster than traditional practices allowing clients to take action with confidence.

For more information on how NuWave Solutions supports its clients and builds upon success, please visit https://www.nuwavesolutions.com

Position Details
Location – Arlington, Virginia
Travel Required – N/A
If travel is required, how much? 0%
Work Schedule (Shift etc.): Day Shift
Authorization to work in US required
8570 Requirements: N/A
NuWave Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Tagged as: AWS Data Engineer",4.4,"NuWave Solutions
4.4",Virginia,-1,51 to 200 Employees,1999,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
165,Data Scientist/Machine Learning,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist/Machine Learning

Mist, a Juniper Company, is the first vendor to bring enterprise-grade Wi-Fi, BLE and IoT together through a highly scalable cloud architecture. At Mist, we built the first AI-empowered platform to provide an unprecedented visibility into the user experience. Mist is the new global standard for many fortune 500 companies.

The mission of the Data Science team at Mist is to leverage state-of-art ML and AI technologies to build the next-generation self-driving network solution, which can take actions on behalf of or together with human experts to automatically monitor, detect and remediate common network issues. The team includes a group of experienced and talented data scientists and data science engineers, and builds the end-to-end data analytics infrastructure and ML models of the product.

Now we are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to help define and expand this mission. As a data scientist, you will collaborate with product managers and domain experts to identify use-impacting real customer problems, use your deep DS/ML knowledge to develop data-driven solution with terabytes data, and work closely with data engineers to implement and scale the models in production.

Qualifications/Requirements:
• MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math or equivalent fields with strong mathematical background
• Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, including clustering, anomaly detection, optimization, neural network etc
• 3+ years experiences building data science-driven solutions including data collection, feature selection, model training, post-deployment validation
• Strong hands-on coding skills (preferably in Python) processing large-scale data set and developing machine learning models
• Familiar with one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools such as Numpy, ScikitLearn, MLlib, Tensorflow
• Good team worker with excellent communication skills written, verbal and presentation

Desired Experience:
• Experience with AWS, S3, Flink, Spark, Kafka, ElasticSearch
• Knowledge and experience with NLP technology
• Previous work in a start-up environment

Juniper Networks is enrolled in E-Verify® and will be participating in E-Verify in addition to our Form I-9 process. www.dhs.gov/E-Verify
Juniper Networks is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.",3.9,"Juniper Networks
3.9","Cupertino, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1996,Company - Public,Telecommunications Services,Telecommunications,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
166,Data Science Support Analyst,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Science Support Analyst to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Support Analyst will partner with the Data Scientists to: support production deployment of models and web applications related to technologies developed by the Data Science team; participates in new development of web applications and restful api’s; gain exposure to production machine learning model pipelines and the design and creation of new models using statistical techniques.

Responsibilities:
Continually check metrics and validate models, compute model performance metrics.
Access, analyze, cleanse, pre-process data.
Retrieve data from multiple stores CSV/Teradata/Oracle/API/.
Train new models per specifications from Data Scientist.
Deploy new models and determine when to replace existing.
Configure Linux server web sites and update code base as needed.
Monitor web application performance and fix issues accordingly.
Configure SQLite/SQL/Mongo databases and stored queries, updating as needed.
Participate in meetings and offer ideas and solutions to present problems.
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Python (numpy/pandas/matplotlib/sklearn/flask)
Version control (git)
SQL and database APIs (cx_oracle, pymysql, sqlalchemy)
Cloud deployment experience (AWS, containerization) and familiarity with AWS services
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment
Machine Learning algorithm development experience.
Ability to learn new technologies rapidly and turn around implementations.
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) with ability to effectively communicate to all levels with varying degrees of technical knowledge
Critical thinking Independent problem resolution
Ability to work in a team and collaborate with others
Bachelor's Degree (Data Science, Analytics, Business, Finance, Computer Science, Engineering or related field)
2-4 years experience (candidates with a relevant Masters degree and less experience will also be considered).",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
167,Radiometric Calibration Engineer/E-O Sensor Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Space Dynamics Laboratory is seeking an experienced Radiometric Calibration Engineer/Electro-optical scientist to work in the area electro-optical sensor calibration on space flight sensor programs. Intermediate and senior level positions being considered.

The Space Dynamics Laboratory (SDL) has been developing innovative technologies and solutions for cutting-edge DoD and intelligence programs for over six decades. Our expertise is in space and airborne IR, VIS, UV, and RF sensors, small satellite technologies, test and calibration, cybersecurity, data visualization and assurance, and ground stations.

General minimum requirements:
· Technical experience/understanding of radiometric calibration principles including: radiometric modeling and prediction, E-O test planning, E-O test procedure writing, E-O test execution, data processing and analysis for derivation of E-O performance parameters, uncertainty analysis and error propagation

· Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team
· Demonstrated analytical and computer skills

· Strong organization and time management skills
· Strong oral and written communication skills with technical reporting and presentation experience

· Must be a US Citizen

Intermediate level – Minimum requirements in addition to general minimum requirements
· 3 - 10 years of related experience
· Advanced degree (M.S. or Ph.D.) in related field or equivalent experience
· Interdisciplinary familiarity of electro-optical systems including, optical, electrical, software, thermal and mechanical disciplines
· Experience with data acquisition techniques, software, and instrumentation
· Experience with data analyses and relating results to physical quantities
· Written report and/or 1st author professional paper generation experience
·Demonstrated technical leadership experience

Senior Level – Minimum requirements in addition to General and Intermediate level requirements
· 10+ years of related experience
· Intermediate level skills
· Understanding of science objectives/requirements and ability to flow down to instrument and calibration requirements

· Experience mentoring engineers and technical staff
· Experience with performing technical trade-studies including technical, cost and schedule considerations
· Proposal experience

· Strong mix of technical skills and technical management/leadership experience
· Strong system engineering skills (coordinate and lead engineering teams)
· Ability to work multiple tasks in parallel

Preferred qualifications:
· Experience with Fourier Transform Spectrometers, blackbodies, optical alignment test equipment, theodolites, and optical wavefront interferometers.
· Experience with data analysis tools such as IDL and/or MATLAB

· Experience using Mathcad
· Experience with operation of vacuum chambers and cryogenics
· Experience with optical analysis tools such as Code V, ZEMAX, and/or OSLO

· Experience with IR sensor calibration (planning, testing, analysis, reporting, etc.)

SDL Benefits:

At SDL, we take pride in and highly value our employees. SDL offers competitive salaries and a fantastic benefits package, including:

· Flexible work schedules

· Generous annual, sick, and holiday paid leave

· A variety of inexpensive-premium, high-quality health, dental, vision, and life insurance options

· Generous employer retirement contribution (Up to 14.2% of annual gross earnings)

· Discounted USU tuition of 50% for employees and dependents

· Access to USU facilities and USU staff privileges

Instructions to applicants:

Along with the online application, please attach:

1) Cover Letter

2) Resume

Once you’ve completed the initial application, you will receive an e-mail requesting you to complete a video digital interview. For more information, please visit: https://hirevue.secure.force.com/E2Candidate/?lang=en_US

Please contact us if you do not receive a confirmation email within 24 hours of applying.

AA/EOE",4.5,"Space Dynamics Laboratory
4.5","Logan, UT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1959,Nonprofit Organization,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
168,Director of Data Science,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


Analysis Group is one of the largest international economics consulting firms, with more than 1,000 professionals across 14 offices in North America, Europe, and Asia. Since 1981, we have provided expertise in economics, finance, health care analytics, and strategy to top law firms, Fortune Global 500 companies, and government agencies worldwide. Our internal experts, together with our network of affiliated experts from academia, industry, and government, offer our clients exceptional breadth and depth of expertise.

Analysis Group provides economic, financial, and strategy consulting to law firms, corporations, and government agencies. At Analysis Group, Data Science is a center of excellence within a company that already has decades of experience focused on analysis involving data. Within Data Science, the Director of Data Science is charged with collaborating with leading internal and external academic experts to find creative solutions to some of the most challenging and high-value problems we face.

The Director of Data Science contributes to both client engagements and to the design and development of internal data science tools and infrastructure. The client work is diverse, utilizing a wide variety of complex and novel data sources, and supporting cases across industries including: finance, healthcare, antitrust, intellectual property, energy, and technology. The tool and infrastructure work assists the firm in developing cutting-edge data science and high-performance computing techniques for common business challenges.

The Director of Data Science helps Analysis Group in maintaining our leadership position in terms of advancing methodology and data computations, and works to increase Data Science knowledge within the firm, both through mentorship to more junior Data Science team members and via interactions with Consulting teams. The Director also is involved in recruiting, assisting in building out the team over time.

Essential Job Functions and Responsibilities:
Work with project teams to creatively address data science/computing challenges
Take initiative to identify opportunities for technology to enhance service offerings
Act as a resource and participate in client engagements and research as part of the project team
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of data science and computing tools, providing technical training and helping to grow the in-house knowledge base
Present research at selected conferences; serving as an expert
Maintain individual contributions while providing mentorship to other data scientists and analysts conducting work such as:
Optimize procedures for managing and accessing large databases (e.g., insurance claims, electronic health records, financial transactions)
Create interactive analytics portals and data visualizations (e.g., using R/Shiny, Python/Flask, D3)
Build and maintaining high performance computing (HPC) tools on grid and cloud computing environments
Develop and reviewing open source macros and packages in R, Python and other Object Oriented Languages
Establish optimized procedures for repetitive or computationally intensive tasks (C, C++, Cuda-C)
Use natural language processing methodologies to work with EMR data, social media data and other unstructured data
Contribute to team growth/development via assistance with advisorship and recruiting
Contribute to firm’s strategy for data science tools and infrastructure
Qualifications
Track record of using data to solve real-world problems
Experience applying multiple software tools and languages to provide data-driven analytical solutions to decision makers or research teams
Strong credentials and experience in database management and data visualization
PhD or advanced degree in computer science or data science-related field, with relevant experience. Other candidates with at least three years of relevant experience in the field will also be considered
Background in Statistics/Econometrics or Biostatistics
Extensive experience in programming languages like Python, C++, Java
Knowledge of R, Shiny and SQL
Familiar with online/cloud computing/storage (e.g., AWS)
Linux and basic system administration experience
Demonstrated experience working on project teams and collaborating with others
Strong communication skills
­
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here.
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)",3.7,"Analysis Group
3.7","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1981,Private Practice / Firm,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
169,Java/Data Engineer,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Java Developer – Contract – Buffalo, NY

We have a very hot opportunity! One of our clients is looking for an experienced Java Developer. This person will be helping with implementing Client Data Synchronization workflows.

Example:

We have a bunch of client data files and need to use our framework to ETL them into our platform database models. Tech stack would be:

Java
Spring (Spring Boot, Spring Cloud Data Flow)
SQL Experience – strong Relational Database knowledge
Web services creations

IND123",4.1,"Systems Personnel
4.1","Buffalo, NY",-1,1 to 50 Employees,1996,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
170,Postdoctoral Scientist - Gonsky Lab - Inflammatory Bowel & Immunobiology Research Institute,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you interested in an exciting opportunity to work in one of the most outstanding and dynamic places known nationally for excellence in IBD research, where the work you do has a crucial impact on the lives of others?

Dr. Rivkah Gonsky is searching for a highly motivated Postdoctoral Research Scientist to be a part of an exciting opportunity within the Inflammatory Bowel and Immunobiology Research Institute (IBIRI) - a multidisciplinary basic, translational and clinical research program devoted to Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.

The focus of the Gonsky Laboratory is to define mucosa-specific molecular pathways, which contribute to pro-inflammatory gene expression and development and pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). To learn more about the lab under Dr. Rivkah Gonsky, please visit: https://www.cedars-sinai.org/research/labs/gonsky.html.
As a Postdoctoral Scientist in IBIRI, you will be focused on investigating immunology and molecular biology in inflammatory bowel diseases under the direction of Dr. Rivkah Gonsky. The lab has defined a novel CD patient subtype associated with clinical and serological parameters of complex disease, postoperative recurrence and we are currently in the development of novel therapeutic targets for CD patient-specific therapeutics. The primary focus of this position will concentrate on further integrating these findings with clinical and genetic associated data to define the biologic consequences.

Essential and Department Specific Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Independently works on research projects designed by a mentor (typically the PI)
Keeps accurate and detailed project records of experiments and results
Keeps up with the literature and may develop, adapt, and implement new research techniques and protocols
Experience in handling human tissue, cell isolation and tissue culture
Assists in the preparation of figures and writing for manuscripts, grant proposals, and presentations
Assists in the training of new research assistants or students
Previous experience in RNAseq and ‘big data’ analytics is a plus

#Jobs-NHCN #Jobs-HERC #Jobs-Glassdoor

Educational Requirements:
Doctorate (MD, PhD, VMD, or DDS) in the area directly related to field of research specialization.
Experience:
Demonstrated aptitude to perform experimental protocols and procedures, including detailed data collection, and analysis
Knowledge of safety standards and maintenance of specialized equipment
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Must have superior interpersonal, communication and organization skills and the ability to work across company disciplines and functional units, and computer application experience",3.9,"Cedars-Sinai
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1902,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
171,Senior Scientist - Biochemistry,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION DESCRIPTION:

Reaction Biology Corp (RBC), a Malvern PA - based pharmaceutical research company, seeks a scientist with strong experience in enzymology and biochemistry assay development.

The successful candidate will independently plan and execute internal and external research service projects in an accurate, reproducible, and timely manner.

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design, implement, and execute a wide variety of in vitro assays for enzyme targets.
Screen and characterize small molecule compounds and determine the mode of compound action.
Help to troubleshoot issues that arise in the lab and propose or pursue solutions.
Utilize literature and internal data sets to design and test target modulation hypotheses.
Maintain and further develop new and existing scientific relationships with our clientele by helping to provide a consultative experience.


REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
PhD in biochemistry or related discipline with 2+ years of experience
Experience in steady-state kinetic characterization of enzyme, substrate, and inhibitor mechanisms preferred.
Scientific and technical background in drug discovery, with demonstrated proficiency in assay development, optimization, and screening with small molecules.
Attention to detail, organization skills, and a high degree of scientific integrity are critical
Collaborative and proactive attitude with excellent written and oral communication skills.
Flexibility to accommodate to rapidly changing priorities and deadlines
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision in a team-orientated environment
The work environment is casual; however, professional behavior, a collaborative attitude, attention to detail, and the ability to meet deadlines are absolute requirements.

Finally, all employees are obligated to meet the highest standards with respect to honesty, accuracy, conflict of interest, intellectual property rights, confidentiality, and respect for information sources and readers.

Reaction Biology Corporation (RBC), located in Malvern, PA, is a contract biomedical research organization (CRO) with proprietary technology. Benefits include health insurance, 401-K plan, stock options, and paid vacations. RBC is an equal opportunity employer.",3.4,"Reaction Biology
3.4","Malvern, PA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2001,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
172,Senior R&D Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Hygiena is a rapidly growing global life science company that manufactures and sells rapid microbial detection and monitoring solutions to a wide range of industries. Headquartered in Camarillo, California and with offices around the world, we are actively looking for talented individuals to help grow the business!

At Hygiena we believe:
In providing the highest quality products& service
Being a leader in innovation
Having a compelling desire to improve and win in the marketplace
In contributing positively not only in the workplace, but in our community and environment!
With rapid growth comes opportunity. We are looking for a Senior R&D Scientist to join our team in Delaware!

Responsibilities:
Design and perform studies and experiments needed to improve current methods, assess and develop alternative methods, assays and technology
Write protocols, analyze and interpret results
Communicate results at team meetings
Qualifications:
Ph.D. in Molecular Biology or a related field
o Minimum of 2 years of lab experience
OR
Master’s Degree in Molecular Biology or a related field required.
o Minimum of 5 years of lab experience
Hands-on experience in designing studies and experiments and analysis of failure modes with some supervision
Knowledge of traditional and rapid microbiological techniques is required
Experience in molecular biological techniques, including DNA/RNA techniques and PCR, qPCR/real time PCR is required
Experience in Bioinformatics (Primer/Probe Design, multiple sequence alignments, Design of TaqMan and Scorpion probes) is desirable
Experience in food microbiology, food safety a plus
Experience in data analysis, interpretation and presentation of results
Experience in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Adobe Acrobat required.
Supervisory Responsibilities:
Train and supervise junior level scientist and new employees as needed

Skills/Abilities:
Assay Development
Data analysis and interpretation
Excellent verbal and written communication,
Must be able to use discretion and independent judgement.
Self-disciplined and organized
Ability to multi-task and handle multiple projects
Must be able to work in a team environment.
Must be able to pay close attention to details.
Must be able to adapt and flex to a changing environment.
Must be able to lift/carry 20 pounds.
Why you’ll want to join our team.

Teamwork as a core value.

At Hygiena, our emphasis on teamwork and cross-functional communication enables us to build stronger bonds within our business.

Be a part of something big.

Hygiena plays a critical role in helping to prevent global health crisis such as foodborne illness, healthcare-associated infections, and other outbreaks.

Giving back to our communities.

Hygiena believes in giving back by supporting local organizations committed to improving the lives of children and youth in our communities.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need.

Apply Now",3.9,"Hygiena
3.9","New Castle, DE",-1,201 to 500 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
173,Data Scientist (Journeyman),$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description BAE Systems is seeking to hire a Mid-Level Data Scientist to support counterterrorism intelligence integration on a multifaceted U.S. Government program. The ideal Mid-Level Data Scientist will be responsible for improving analyst workflow by developing tools and capabilities that enhance the ability to use and produce identity intelligence data.

The Mid-Level Data Scientist are responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and extracting data using IT techniques to support decision-making. This role works with customers to understand changing requirements and recommends solutions based on quantitative analysis. Responsibilities include working independently and collaboratively on a team to develop data models and solutions. This role compiles and reviews data, often disparate and inconsistent, to address complex intelligence issues or problems for the customers. This role requires constructing and performing complex statistical, mathematical, and data analysis independently or in partnership with other data scientists or analysts. This role provides recommendations for the development of tools and applications that improve process effectiveness and efficiency.

PF1
Required Skills and Education
Degree : BA/BS or MA/MS in a technical field such as mathematics, engineering, or computer science (6 years of work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree)
Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Excellent reading comprehension skills
Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables
Ability to work with IC tools and databases
Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs
Ability to work shift work/extended hours
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment
Preferred Skills and Education
Experience in modern machine learning, AI, biometrics, social network analysis, or geospatial analysis
Experience/knowledge of link analysis tools (e.g. Palantir, i2 Analyst's Notebook)
Experience with cloud architectures including AWS
Experience with distributed computing and storage technologies
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.",3.7,"BAE Systems USA
3.7","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
174,Staff Scientist/Sr. Staff Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Headquartered in Brisbane, Calif., CareDx, Inc. is a leading precision medicine solutions company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of clinically differentiated, high-value healthcare solutions for transplant patients and caregivers. CareDx offers products, testing services and digital healthcare solutions along the pre- and post-transplant patient journey, and is the leading provider of genomics-based information for transplant patients.

Staff Scientist/Sr. Staff Scientist

We are seeking a highly motivated, critical, and creative Staff Scientist/Sr. Staff Scientist to join the CareDx R&D group. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a growing, dynamic, and collaborative R&D team innovating cutting-edge technology. The primary function of this position will be to drive development of innovative diagnostic solutions for transplant recipients. The ideal candidate will be able to lead assay development and validation projects, have experience interfacing with cross functional teams including bioinformatics, biostatistics, data science, clinical and lab operations; and have experience in molecular biology methods for nucleic acid characterization and applications.

Responsibilities as follows, but not necessarily limited to:
Lead the initiation, design and execution of experiments to develop novel high-value diagnostic tests
Use molecular biology approaches to independently develop and optimize molecular diagnostics assays based on gene expression
Independently perform basic analysis of high-dimensional data
Coordinate with statistics and bioinformatics teams for high-level data analysis and gene expression signature development
Provide expert support, guidance and mentorship for experiment design, data analysis and results communication to the broader scientific team
Interface with staff in multiple departments and clearly communicate results with colleagues and R&D management, as well as externally at scientific meetings and conferences
Lead project through development, validation and launch
Qualifications:

Ph.D. in genomics, molecular biology or a related discipline with 10+ years of experience and at least 5 years of industry experience.
Strong background in molecular biology
Expert in nucleic acid sample preparation
Experience in development or optimization of nucleic acid technologies related to measuring gene expression, e.g. qPCR, dPCR and multiplex PCR
Ability to collect requirements, plan activities and prioritize activities/assignments to supporting team members.
Able to identify risk and provide recommendations for risk mitigation in area of responsibility and at project level.
Excellent interdisciplinary communication skills required
Bioinformatics skills such as programming and data mining are a plus
Good organizational skills, and detail oriented
Additional Details:


Every individual at CareDx has a direct impact on our collective mission to improve the lives of organ transplant patients worldwide. We believe in taking great care of our people, so they take even greater care of our patients.

Our competitive Total Rewards package includes:
Competitive base salary and incentive compensation
Health and welfare benefits including a gym reimbursement program
401(k) savings plan match
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Pre-tax commuter benefits
And more!
In addition, we have a Living Donor Employee Recovery Policy that allows up to 30 days of paid leave annually to a full-time employee who makes the selfless act of donating an organ or bone marrow.

With products that are making a difference in the lives of transplant patients today and a promising pipeline for the future, its an exciting time to be part of the CareDx team. Join us in partnering with transplant patients to transform our future together.

CareDx, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participate in E-Verify program.
******* We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.",2.5,"CareDx
2.5","Brisbane, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1998,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
175,Aviation AI/ML Data Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. The candidate will be responsible for working both individually and with a team of data scientists in the following tasks:
Performing anomaly detection and capability development using a variety of aviation safety data
Leveraging AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting safety hazards
Increasing the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst expertise
Develop and prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrable aerospace/aviation knowledge or experience, this is a must
Bachelor’s Degree in Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to work closely with domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer research questions
Excellent Communication Skills (with the ability to explain tools and ML algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
Strong analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter with ability to work both independently and with a team
Preferred Qualifications:
5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Mxnet, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data Skills (Azure, Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, D3, etc).
Practical experience with statistical analysis
Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.2,"MITRE
3.2","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
176,"Scientist, Analytics - Process and Technical Development, Manufacturing",$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"ArsenalBio’s mission is to develop efficacious and safe cellular therapies for patients with chronic diseases, initially cancer. Our products are being designed to herald the transition of adoptive cell therapy from a hospital based treatment to outpatient therapy, like most other cancer treatments. Our people are our greatest asset, they bring scientific talents in molecular biology, immunology, pharmacology, protein chemistry, computational biology, automation, genome engineering, software and other fields to make the future happen now.

We are seeking a talented and highly motivated Scientist to lead the development of analytic assays for the characterization and release of ArsenalBio’s cell therapy products. The individual will have direct technical experience in a biopharmaceutical setting in the development of analytical characterization and release methods of cell therapy products. This position will report into the EVP and Head of R&D, who oversees Product Development or their designee. The Scientist will work closely with the Process and Technical Development team to design, evaluate, integrate and implement analytical assays to support the manufacture, characterization, and release of ArsenalBio’s chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CART) programs. The Scientist will interact cross-functionally across the organization to enable the success of upstream teams in Discovery and Technology whose activities feed Process and Technology Development, as well as the downstream manufacturing teams.
What You Will Do:
Design, test, and implement quality-based analytic assays to support the characterization and release of cell therapy products.
Independently plan, execute, analyze, and report assay development and qualification studies.
Apply analytic assays to analyze development and manufacturing data for the development of a cGMP cell process.
Provide technical expertise and leadership within project teams and in a matrix environment.
Establish tracking and trending analyses of process development and cGMP production runs.
Establish and draft documentation (protocols, batch records, reports) to enable transfer of ArsenalBio’s analytical methods to external CDMO
Good understanding of cGMP environment, and Quality by Design (QBD) principles for process and assay development, qualification and validation.
Collaborate closely with other functions to enable effective and successful project development; actively engage in cross-functional collaboration with peers to overcome challenges
Organize, communicate, and present complex data sets to key stakeholders and senior management
What You Will Bring
PhD (preferred), MS or BS in a relevant scientific discipline (such as Biotechnology, Bioprocess engineering, Immunology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry)
Minimum of 3 years of relevant experience in biopharmaceutical setting, and successful performance track record in establishing and applying Analytical assays for cell therapy products
Experience in technical development of analytic assays to support cell and gene therapy biologics and other advanced modalities in an early development setting
Strong leadership skills and strategic problem-solving ability; ability to predict issues and identify solutions
Ability to lead successfully within extended project teams and handle multiple challenges under pressure
Excellent communications and presentation skills, written and verbal
Excellent organizational skills: Proactive, management of multiple tasks of varying complexity simultaneously


We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status

To all recruitment agencies: ArsenalBio does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, or Arsenalbio employees. ArsenalBio is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.",5.0,"Arsenal Biosciences
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
177,QC Scientist III FM BSD,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"QC Scientist III FM BSD

The Swiss based Bachem Group is a public, innovation-driven company specializing in the development and manufacturing of pepTides and oligonucleoTides. As a full service provider Bachem offers products for clinical development and commercial applications as well as a comprehensive catalog and exclusive custom synthesis. With 50 years of experience and subsidiaries in Switzerland, the United States, the United Kingdom and Japan, Bachem is the partner of choice for the biotech and pharma industry worldwide.
Bachem. Leading Partner in Tides

In order to continue our organic growth, we are constantly looking for talent.

Your Responsibilities

The Quality Control Scientist III function is to perform laboratory day-today operations, guide and

i interact with QC and department personnel to accomplish goals and objectives as directed by the

Director of Quality Control. Other duties include performing in-process testing, GC method validation,

raw material testing, and final product testing, QC documentation and related GMP activities.

Your Tasks
Maintain and perform daily operations of the QC department on a daily basis in coordination with the QC Director to include testing of in-process, raw material/peptide samples and prioritizing projects
Implement and maintain GMP procedures such as following SOP’s, Standard Testing Procedures (STP’s), written procedure and maintaining proper documentation as necessary for Quality Control
Maintain a cGMP quality level of work for the QC operations to include training, documentation and procedural work
Test and release in-process, and raw materials used in the manufacturing facility for GMP. Performing analytical testing and reviewing data for completeness and accuracy. Support method validation activities for in-process samples.
Receive, test and release final product peptide manufactured at Bachem
Write/revise specifications as necessary, performing analytical testing and reviewing data for completeness and accuracy
Write standard operating procedures, standard test procedures and other related GMP documentation
Perform QC analysis to include: GC, HPLC, Water, Mass Spec, UV, melting point, Optical Rotation, TLC and misc. wet chemistry lab work and other related
analytical equipment used for control quality of the GMP facility. This work may include calibration and validation of these methods
Control raw material used in the manufacturing facility for GMP to include receiving, quarantine, testing and QC release
Investigate any deviation or out of specification as necessary related to QC work performed as instructed by supervisor
Execute validations as necessary to include QC Analytical methods performed, other validations to support the quality of the manufacturing facility
Follow safety guidelines for handling, disposal and use for a peptide manufacturing company using toxic and/or large volumes of chemicals
Support validation, and stability testing activities as needed, documentation and quality GMP procedures


Your Profile
BS Degree in Chemistry or related field
Minimum of 8 years’ experience in the GMP industry
Experience with the use of analytical techniques/ instruments, such as, Gas Chromatography (GC), High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC), Karl Fischer (KF), etc.
May work with hazardous materials and chemicals
Ability to train others in analytical methodology
Ability to take the technical lead working with other scientists
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Basic computer knowledge, including Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Ability to effectively organize, multitask, and work in a fast-paced, deadline driven work environment
Ability to communicate in a proactive and solution-focused manner, including keeping management aware of potential issues
Detail oriented with the ability to troubleshoot and resolve problems
Ability to work independently and manage one’s time
Communicate effectively and ability to function well in a team environment
May involve second shift testing activities
Flexibility of working hours based on business needs, may include some nights and occasional weekends
Preferred:
Experience with Peptides
Master’s degree in Chemistry or related field
Experience with use of Master Control


We Offer

You will be part of a motivated team overseeing the entire development cycle of respective APIs. If you are

looking for a new challenge and want to join a motivated team in an internationally renowned company,

you should seize this opportunity.

Nearest Major Market: San Diego",3.0,"Bachem
3.0","Vista, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
178,Head of Data Science & Analytics - Digital Health R&D Oncology,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description : Head of Data Science and Analytics - Digital Health R&D Oncology

Digital health, the point at which healthcare, technology, data and analytics converge, is the subject of great promise, with the World Health Organisation believing it has the potential to improve health for everyone. At AstraZeneca, weve been working hard to make this a reality, with the years of experience we have accumulated enabling us to now embed digital health at scale across R&D. To achieve our goal of improving patient experience and outcomes AstraZeneca has Digital Health as one of top 4 strategic priorities for the company, details on digital health strategy can be found here .Oncology is the largest therapeutic area within AstraZeneca and second highest cause of death globally, with AstraZenecas ambition to eliminate cancer as a cause of death.

The Head of Data Science and Analytics for Digital Health R&D will be a key leader to drive our digital health strategy through data and analytics, helping to design and lead the data and analytic planning and implementation across Digital Health R&D Oncology programs. This includes but is not limited to: digital therapeutic analysis plans, real world evidence analysis, psychometric analysis, and ML/AI to support more efficient identification of treatment benefits vs harms (e.g. signal detection of treatment emergent adverse events, disease progression, construction of novel endpoints to characterize safety and tolerability) and Disease Management algorithms for Oncology. Responsible for building and leading a novel data science team with a global footprint through a combination of internal FTE and strategic external partnerships. Adopting a DevOps approach working with engineers and developers to release analytical models that are repeatable and scalable. Recognised externally as a thought leader and expert within own area of specialization.

Typical Accountabilities
Lead a talented technical team, working with the head of Oncology Digital health to develop the strategy for digital health solutions in Oncology and lead the implementation of data science and analytics solutions that can help patients get better outcomes in Oncology.
Design and lead both the data & analytic planning, including oversight of implementation across all Digital Health R&D programs.
This includes but is not limited to: digital therapeutics analysis plans, real world evidence analysis, psychometric analysis, and ML/AI to support more efficient identification of treatment benefits vs harms (e.g. signal detection of treatment emergent adverse events, disease progression, construction of novel endpoints to characterize safety and tolerability) as well as, disease management systems for Oncology
Design and implement ML information extraction
Probabilistic matching algorithms and models
Research and develop innovative, scalable solutions
Identify data sources and analyze large, complex datasets to extract insight
Partner with key internal stakeholder to deliver: IT, Biometrics, partner data science functions
Collaborate with R&D Data Hub leadership to ensure data is standardised, integrated and exposed in a way that facilitates the goals of the advanced analytics programme
Develop and implement a standardised framework for analytics projects, from requirements capture through to benefits demonstration
Define and implement strategies for managing analytical models and monitoring their performance over time
Championing the development of infrastructure and analytics environments that facilitate the delivery of value from the Data Science and Analytics team.
Drive key advanced analytics project delivery decisions, such as whether to buy versus build
Provides input to the Digital Health R&D Strategy and Oncology TA Strategy from a Data Science perspective
Leads, mentors, evaluates and develops the team within Data Science & Analytics to ensure that the area achieves its objectives and complies with all relevant regulations and laws
Essential
MSc/PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science relevant field with experience in pharma/healthcare or other relevant area
Conceptual, analytical and strategic thinking
Creative, innovative, solution-focused
Curious, embraces new ways of problem solving, new ideas, new ways of working
Expertise and experience with development and applications of software as a medical device
Managerial experience of both data scientists and engineering teams
Strong communication skills and ability to build relationships
Ability to serve as translator between scientific problems to data science solutions
Ability to apply expertise to complex problems, problem solving and with a quality focus
Proven leadership promoting motivation and empowering others to accomplish individual, team and organizational objectives
Experience working with and architecting analytics solutions in AWS
Experience defining strategies and approaches to AI/ML model monitoring, maintenance and management
Experience delivering AI/ML models from conception, through development and into production
Desirable
Experience working with IT partners for business solutions
Able to manage to budget and productivity targets/responsibilities.
Expert problem solving and conflict resolution.
Diligence attention to detail and ability to manage a program of concurrent activities
Resilience ability to overcome and motivate others in the face of a changing environment
Knowledge of the latest technical and regulatory expectations
Significant experience with NLP problems
Experience using AI/ML to combine data from multiple modalities in the pursuit of novel insights
Understanding of and experience with developing and delivering Explainable AI solutions",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
179,Data Scientist (Remote/ Virtual),$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

This is a remote opportunity to join our growing and innovative Ascension Data Science Institute!

The Ascension Data Sciences Institute (ADSI) was created in July 2019 with the mission of supporting Ascension in achieving its Quadruple Aim with uniquely skilled, high-performing associates who develop analyses, models and applications to enable Ascension in providing higher value healthcare and making strategic decisions. ADSI is comprised of 6 domains addressing 1) Clinical quality and patient safety; 2) Health Economics and Clinical Outcomes; 3) Strategic Operations and Financial Analytics; 4) Actuarial and Managed Care Analytics; 5) Registry Abstraction Healthcare Solutions; and 6) Healthcare Data Intelligence. We recognize that the healthcare environment is a complex ecosystem of rapidly evolving clinical and economic practices that affect patient and provider experience and demands increasingly sophisticated and complex measurement. Our objective is for advanced analytics and data science to play a critical and foundational role in the transformation of care delivery, quality and financial outcomes to enable our organization’s competitive advantage. To meet these objectives, Ascension is investing in its analytics capabilities and the following positions have been opened to address this expansion.

Why Join Ascension?
Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension, you will have the opportunity to develop predictive and prescriptive analytics models, creating efficient algorithms, and innovating use of data.

Responsibilities:
Integrates data from multiple sources and supports/performs complex statistical data analysis including multivariate statistical analysis, multilevel modeling, dyadic analysis and/or coarsened exact matching analysis.
Analyzes complex business and competitive issues and discerns the implications for systems support.
Identifies, defines, directs and performs project issue analysis to resolve issues, including analysis of technical and economic feasibility of proposed data solution.
Communicates highly technical information to numerous audiences, including senior management, the user community, and less experienced staff.
Presents data to drive business decisions.
Proposes and leads projects required to support the development of the organization's data infrastructure needs.
Parses, validates and scrubs data of widely differing formats.
Analyzes structured and unstructured data for business insight.
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools.
What You Will Need

Education:

High school diploma/GED with 2 years of experience, or Associate's degree, or Bachelor's degree required
Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Computer or Information Science, Physics, Behavioral and Social Sciences or other related technical or quantitative fields strongly preferred.
Master's level or higher is strongly preferred.
Preferred Skills:
Scripting language experience in Python, R and SQL
Knowledge of and some experience with Google Cloud Platform preferred
1-3 years experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, QlikView, or Microstrategy
Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF)
Advanced modeling and statistical knowledge one or more of the following areas: multivariate analysis, logistic regression, poisson and negative binomial regression, experimental design, structural equation modeling, principal component analysis, educational measurement, psychometrics, factor analysis, mathematical modeling, simulation, operations research, optimization
Experience writing the methodology sections of research publications in academic or industry settings strongly preferred
Experience with conducting research in human behavior, medical sciences, behavioral sciences, associate or patient experience, education, business, clinical operations, performance improvement, process optimization and/or healthcare preferred
Web and social media analytics
Sentiment analysis
Text mining and natural language processing knowledge strongly preferred
Consulting experience with external clients or internal stakeholders
Presentation and storytelling skills
Equal Employment Opportunity
Ascension is an EEO/AA employer: M/F/Disabled/Vet. For further information regarding your EEO rights, click on the following link to the “EEO is the Law” poster:
http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf”
Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Ascension participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3",Missouri,-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
180,Senior Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Overview:

Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent’s advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents , ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start here

This employee will report directly to the Director – Inhalation

Overview

This role supports Catalent’s Inhalation product development function from product definition up to commercialization. The ideal candidate would have strong technical and regulatory understanding (i.e. NDA, ANDA, 505b2) of inhaled product development and would be expected to support key inhalation development projects across a potential range of inhaled delivery platforms (MDI, Nasal, and DPI). This individual would have the ability to provide expert support in developing scope, analyzing, interpreting, and effectively communicating results of drug product and process development studies, while managing these activities to customer timelines.

The Research Triangle Park (RTP) facility is Catalent's Center of Excellence for Analytical Services and is also home to Catalent's Inhalation franchise including product development, clinical and commercial manufacturing for pMDI, DPI and Nasal Sprays.

The Role

Supports the design and execution of QbD experimentation focused on methods, formulations, and manufacturing procedures (development and clinical).
Liaises regularly with internal (i.e. production, quality, engineering, validation, project management) and external (clients, vendors, consultants) customers to achieve project targets.
Leads formulation and process technical transfer from clients into Catalent and from development into manufacturing
Provides technical support in developing scope, analyzing, interpreting, and effectively communicating results of drug product and process development studies to internal and external stakeholders.

The Candidate

Advanced degree (minimum 5 years of experience) or Bachelors degree (minimum 10 years of experience) in chemistry, engineering, pharmaceutical science or related discipline
Prior experience with development of nasal, metered dose inhaler (MDI), dry powder inhaler (DPI), or other combination drug products is ideal.
Ability to analyze data in support of technical and regulatory documents.
Must have previous experience working in a cGMP environment.
Ability to effectively communicate technical progress to senior internal and external stakeholders both through written and oral communications.
Familiar with Microsoft Project, Powerpoint, Word, and Excel.

Position Benefits

Medical, Dental, Vision and 401K are all offered from day one of employment
19 days of paid time off annually + 7 paid holidays

Leadership Competencies for Performance and Development

Leads with Integrity and Respect
Delivers Results
Demonstrates Business Acumen
Fosters Collaboration and Teamwork
Champions Change
Engages and Inspires
Coaches and Develops

Catalent offers rewarding opportunities to further your career! Join the global drug development and delivery leader and help us bring over 7,000 life-saving and life-enhancing products to patients around the world. Catalent is an exciting and growing international company where employees work directly with pharma, biopharma and consumer health companies of all sizes to advance new medicines from early development to clinical trials and to the market. Catalent produces more than 70 billion doses per year, and each one will be used by someone who is counting on us. Join us in making a difference.

personal initiative. dynamic pace. meaningful work.
Visit www.catalent.com/careers to explore career opportunities.

C atalent is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, you may submit your request by sending an email, and confirming your request for an accommodation and include the job number, title and location to DisabilityAccommodations@catalent.com . This option is reserved for individuals who require accommodation due to a disability. Information received will be processed by a U.S. Catalent employee and then routed to a local recruiter who will provide assistance to ensure appropriate consideration in the application or hiring process.

Notice to Agency and Search Firm Representatives: Catalent Pharma Solutions (Catalent) is not accepting unsolicited resumes from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting. Resumes submitted to any Catalent employee by a third party agency and/or search firm without a valid written & signed search agreement, will become the sole property of Catalent. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired for this position as a result of an unsolicited agency or search firm referral. Thank you.",3.3,"Catalent Pharma Solutions
3.3","Morrisville, NC",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
181,Lead Data Scientist - Actuary/Underwriting,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Summary:

MassMutuals Advanced Analytics group is seeking an exceptional, highly motivated and self-directed data scientist. In this role, you will perform data-driven research, problem solving, and algorithm development through the systematic application of mathematics, statistics and computer science as well as cutting edge data technologies. Results of this work manifest themselves in a variety of ways, including interactive visualizations, presentations, publications, web applications, predictive algorithms, and APIs.

This is an opportunity to join a small but growing high performing team with diverse backgrounds in applied math, computer science and physics that have been tasked with developing, maintaining and extracting knowledge from a strategic data asset. Our work revolves around studying fundamental and high impact business questions that directly impact the direction of the company and industry at large.

Overall Responsibility:
Set strategy and assume a leadership role in actuary and/or underwriting domain
Develop roadmaps for projects and services, data, and technology
Oversee operations of algorithm and system deployments
Partner with executive leadership to ensure alignment of data science initiatives and company strategy
Lead projects and research initiatives
Develop algorithms and predictive models, create prototype systems, visualizations, and web applications
Design and analyze experiments
Assemble data sets from disparate sources and analyze using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems
Disseminate findings to non-technical audiences through a variety of media, including interactive visualizations, reports and presentations
Mentor junior team members

Candidate Requirements:
Industry recognized expertise in actuary/underwriting domain
7+ years working with data and relevant computational frameworks and systems
7+ years developing of probabilistic models and machine learning algorithms
Proficient level of understanding in the following areas and an expert in at least one: machine learning, probability and statistics (esp. Bayesian methods), natural language processing, operations research
Exceptional problem solving skills and willingness to learn new concepts, methods, and technologies
Expert in data analysis using R or Python (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) programming languages
Knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript, d3.js and web application frameworks (Flask, Django, Play!, etc.)
Knowledge of NoSQL systems, Hadoop/map-reduce, Spark, Hbase, etc.
Experience in database design and SQL
Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment
Outstanding communication skills (publication history a plus)

Education - M.S. or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Physics, etc.) is required",3.7,"MassMutual
3.7","Amherst, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1851,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
182,BI Data Analysis Team Lead,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"About OANDA

We have come a long way since our first currency feed 23 years ago, we are an award-winning global company offering leading currency solutions for both retail and corporate clients, from a tech start-up to a global corporation. Founded in 1996, we became the first company to share exchange rate information on the internet free of charge and in 2001, we launched a trading platform that helped pioneer the development of online-based trading around the world, enabling forex and CFD investors the ability to trade the financial markets. Our vision is to transform how our clients can meet all of their currency needs with innovative and award-winning solutions. Under new ownership with significant ambitions to grow the business on the global stage, we are looking for highly motivated, passionate individuals who want to make a mark in a dynamic environment.

Who You Are:

You're looking for an opportunity to work with great people in an energetic and open company culture, to make your mark with an Agile team that is re-shaping the future of data and analytics at OANDA. You enjoy collaborating across different disciplines within a company to help drive towards a common goal. You have experience in providing technical leadership to small-to-medium-sized teams of independent analysts, and find it rewarding to empower them towards a common goal that could not have been achieved individually. You're as passionate about engineering an efficient solution to a technical problem as you are at measuring and driving high-level impact to the business. You're naturally curious about what makes a company succeed; to you, data is not just the answer, but a means to asking more questions.

Our Team:
Is a cross-functional BI/Analytics team made up of data scientists, data and software architects, software engineers and business reporting analysts spanning the globe
Has ownership over data company-wide, from analytics to global business reporting, compliance reporting and other data inquiries
Manages the entire data lifecycle from extraction to visualization
Works in the Google Cloud Platform, SQL, Python, Java, C++ and are always prototyping new technologies
You Will:
Develop data-oriented solutions working with our Google Cloud BigQuery data warehouse and on-prem relational databases in order to solve complex business problems leading to data-driven decision making
Lead a team of 4-to-5 independent data analysts to devise strategies and best practices to empower the team to arm our business partners with the insights they need
Partner closely with a cross-section of the company including Strategy, Product, Customer Service, Marketing, Sales, Trading, Finance and Compliance, to answer high-level business questions and gain insights from the data you help to collect and manage
Perform data analysis and modeling, create reporting and visualizations and educate the company on your findings
Influence the company's strategic direction through enabling our business leaders to make data-driven-decisions
Support the activities related to the collection, review, cleansing and reporting of data as well as end user adoption of our BI applications across the organization
Develop data-integration processes to integrate disparate datasets into a cohesive data model in support of BI and Analytics requirements
Participate in planning sessions with key stakeholders to develop use cases and requirements for data driven analytical solutions
Create rapid prototypes with team members leveraging Big Data, traditional database technologies and alternative solutions
Identify and apply statistical and advanced analytical methods with customer teams enabling action-oriented results
Implement necessary processes and tools to ensure process maturity and best practices are followed
Lead design discussions as it relates to business intelligence and database solutions and drive decisions through to completion
You'll Excel Because of Your:
Bachelor's/master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or Information Technology
5+ years post-graduate experience working with relational databases, SQL, data modelling
Experience in leading small-to-medium-sized teams
Experience in data gathering, data analysis, conceptual and logical models, data schema design, ETL/ELT principles and dealing with large, complex datasets
Worked at other FinTech companies and have a background in Finance as an asset
Experience working with Google Cloud/BigQuery/BigData or other cloud technologies as an asset
Familiarity with BI reporting with excellent customer-centric skills
Worked with enterprise business intelligence platforms like Domo, Tableau or MicroStrategy as an asset
Experience developing Python, Java and/or C++ applications with demonstrated knowledge of good software engineering design principles are a bonus
We Value Our People:
Advance your career through company-sponsored education and training
Attend company hosted events with speakers in our industry
OANDA Global Corporation is a diverse and global team with offices around the world. We value the unique skills and experiences each individual brings to OANDA. We are committed to creating and sustaining a collegial work environment in which all individuals are treated with dignity and respect and one which reflects the diversity of the community in which we operate. We provide an inclusive and accessible environment for everyone.

Candidates selected for an interview will be contacted directly. If you require accommodation during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know. We will work with you to provide as seamless a recruitment experience as possible.",2.4,"OANDA
2.4",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Private,Brokerage Services,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
183,Data Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"OUR AGENCY

Making a Difference

SWIB is a trusted and skilled global investment organization managing the assets of the Wisconsin Retirement System (WRS) and other separately managed funds. With about $129 billion in total assets under management, SWIB has been recognized by the investment industry for its teamwork and innovation that helps make it a premier asset manager. Sophisticated investment management strategies, forward-looking technologies, and strong internal asset management make SWIB a leading investment organization.

For public employees in Wisconsin, SWIB is a unique and valuable partner. Investing for the financial security of more than 635,000 individuals and for the 1,500 Wisconsin employers who contribute on behalf of their employees SWIBs strong management of the WRS has helped fuel one of only a few fully funded public pension funds in the country. SWIBs long-term investment returns meet the challenges of a constantly evolving investment landscape while helping grow and protect the assets of the WRS, the 8th largest public pension fund in the U.S. and 25th largest public or private pension fund in the world.

We are a mission driven organization and the participants we serve are our mission. By bringing a disciplined, prudent and innovative approach to market opportunities, SWIB has been successful in generating respectable returns and maintaining the trust of the beneficiaries and stakeholders of the funds we oversee.

Join HIGHER PERFORMERS

Home to Top Talent

SWIB has long been recognized as an investment leader because of its success in maintaining the WRS and for the highly-qualified staff overseeing the retirement trust funds. SWIBs internal team invests a majority of its assets under management. This means SWIB is committed to investing in professionals that will keep the organization at the forefront of the investment industry. As an innovative organization, SWIB offers professional development opportunities that enable staff to grow and develop. Approximately 61 percent of SWIBs investment professionals are Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholders.

About the Team

Partner with, build, maintain, enhance and manage the data and technology for the Asset and Risk Allocation (ARA) division which is responsible for the overall investment structure of the Core and Variable Trust Funds. ARA recommends and implements the asset allocation for the policy portfolio, recommends and implements the active risk budget, and is responsible for overall risk monitoring and management. The Analytics, Data Science, & Development department primarily partners with the Asset & Risk Allocation team as well as work with other internal divisions. There will be opportunities to apply skills in both technology and finance.

This role offers a unique opportunity to learn and contribute to the technology and the business through technology.

Essential activities:
Creating reporting, decisioning systems or outputs, performing rapid analysis on data issues, and instrumenting the system with data quality rules to proactively catch and prevent issues, creating enriched and enhanced datasets with advanced data manipulation and modeling skills, use of primarily Oracle, SQL Server, Snowflake, Python, delivering risk, return, cost metrics and partner with various internal departments to improve the overall state of technology and operations, architecting, developing, testing, documenting and supporting software and technical solutions for the SWIB ARA team as well as other teams, assess and revisit inventory business logic, calculations and reporting, leveraging SQL, Python and communication skills in various avenues, instrument data quality rules and metrics in the system.

Technical Skills:
Oracle SQL, SQL Server
Snowflake (or some equivalent datastore tool)
Python experience
JIRA and Confluence
Alteryx (or some equivalent ETL tool such as Informatica)
PowerBI (or some equivalent BI tool such as Tableau)
Data Skills:
SQL development
ETL (Extract Transform load) exposure
Python experience
Financial Knowledge recommended but candidates in other industries highly recommended to apply:
Understanding of multi-asset products is desirable
Comprehensions of risk, return and cost metrics in industry is desirable
Exposure to the investment management lifecycle is desirable
The ideal candidate:
5-10 years experience in data analytics, data science, or related fields
Bachelor's degree or advanced degree in finance, quantitative finance, or another related field
Ability to take various questions gathered from the business leveraging existing data as well as improving upon that data to deliver complete, consistent and precise answers
Experience in working with/understanding the various lifecycles of data management, extraction, loading, transformation to its applications in analysis, research and solving problems
Extensive knowledge in composing Oracle SQL, SQL Server queries, data modeling, and having a SQL and analytics background
Experience in identifying use cases for the business, contributing to analysis and understanding of existing data models with iterative recommendations on improvement resulting in some improvement in risk, return or cost for the organization
Extensive knowledge of data extraction, transformation and loading
Experience refactoring SQL queries, use of Python
Experience working with large structured and financial data sets
Ability to follow rigor in creating/updating documentation, maintain process (i.e. JIRA tickets) and following technology and business best practices
Ability to present and communicate well and connect business and technology
Ability to tactically understand results in context (i.e. when does something look wrong), and strategically how to resolve those issues via data quality and rule-based instrumentation
Interest in newer data technologies, Snowflake programming, i.e. Python
Interest or experience in investment management, quantitative finance and technology
Background in Agile methodologies and their applications
SWIB Offers:
Competitive McLagan-base salary
Meaningful performance-based incentive compensation
A comprehensive benefit package
Educational and training opportunities
Tuition reimbursement
Challenging work in a professional environment
The position requires U.S. work authorization and residency in, or willingness to relocate to the Madison, Wisconsin area. SWIB is prepared to offer relocation assistance as needed.",3.0,"State of Wisconsin Investment Board
3.0","Madison, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1951,Government,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
184,Data Engineer,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Moser Consulting, a data engineer / bi engineer, performs advanced (senior-level) data analysis and data engineering work. Work involves leading initiatives to create data analytics-driven solutions for critical business objectives. This position represents the data management team to our business partners, and brings technical expertise to citizen BI and data analytics teams across the agency. Sr Consultants may supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgement. Consultants will have supervision and likely work with or under the direction of a Principal or Senior Consultant.
Works closely with customers regarding their specific data needs to develop the requirements for data subject areas needed.
Captures the inventory of data sources and dashboards to prepare and manage integrated data.
Acts as the IT knowledge leader on data warehousing and data analytics to the business.
Ensures data warehouse implementations meet business expectations and coordinates customer acceptance testing and training.
Ensures the customer can exploit the data warehouse solutions and helps identify additional possible uses of information; anticipates future needs and opportunities.
Assists in the identification and integration of potential new data sources.
Designs and develops ELT pipelines that extract data from various sources and load into the data warehouse or other systems.
Ensures that controls to verify the accuracy and consistency of data are implemented and monitored.
Provides ongoing operational support of the enterprise data warehouse, continued development and enhancement of the data warehouse, automation of daily data extracts and external system feeds, and development and enhancement of current dashboards.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer information systems, computer science, data management, information systems or information science or a related field.
High School diploma or equivalent and additional directly related experience may substitute for the required education on a year-for-year basis.
Six (6) years of experience in data warehouse, including dimensional modeling, ETL/ELT pipeline design & development, data management, data analysis, process measurement, and metrics management, or a related discipline.
Two (2) years of experience working closely with business analytics teams and data analysts, including PowerBI (or equivalent) experience with financial and accounting data.
Successful track record of Business Intelligence/Data Warehouse solution implementations (design, implementation, data visualization and ongoing support/maintenance) with extensive interaction with business users.
Emerging data and analytics technologies
Cloud platforms and development patterns
Relational and non-relational data structures, theories, principles, and practices.
Metadata management and associated processes.
Data encryption and secure transmission practices (SSL, SSH, SFTP, Certificates, PKI, OAUTH2).
Machine-learning, statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, predictive analytics.
Microsoft/Azure Certifications, Snowflake Certifications are beneficial.
Preferred Locations: Indianapolis, IN and Baltimore, MD
Benefits

For more than 20 years, Moser Consulting has been the go-to source for exceptional IT talent with the ability to self-manage. At Moser Consulting, our people are our #1 asset. We hire the best people, welcome them like family, connect them with opportunities, and let them do what they do best: produce innovative solutions to technology problems.

Our culture gives us a competitive advantage by keeping our employees happy, healthy, and by lowering stress levels in a very demanding industry. It is no accident that we are recognized as one of the Best Places to Work in Indiana. We focus on giving employees: an incredible work space; a fun, collaborative, and creative atmosphere; an extremely generous compensation package; and dozens of outstanding and unique perks usually not found at one company.

Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity.",4.8,"Moser Consulting
4.8",United States,-1,201 to 500 Employees,1996,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
185,Medical Lab Scientist- Freestanding ER,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"We Are Hiring

Medical Lab Scientist (MLS) - Freestanding ER Dept 001 - Full-Time,Rotating - Freestanding ER Dept 001 - Pensacola,FL

Why Join Ascension?

Ascension Sacred Heart is a faith-based health system that provides a network of hospitals, outpatient health centers, physician offices, rehabilitation centers and a variety of other health services to communities in South Alabama and across Northwest Florida. The health system includes the 566-bed Ascension Sacred Heart Hospital in Pensacola and the Studer Family Children’s Hospital at Sacred Heart, the region's only facility specializing in the care of children. Major regional services based in Pensacola also include the Heart and Vascular Institute, the area's leading Stroke Center, a Level II Trauma Center, and a Cancer Center affiliated with MD Anderson Cancer Network. In 2003, Ascension Sacred Heart opened its Emerald Coast hospital, a 76-bed community hospital in Walton County, near Destin, Fla. Ascension Sacred Heart also includes a 75-bed hospital in Panama City where services include a Level II trauma center and advanced cardiovascular care, as well as a 19-bed community hospital in Port St. Joe, FL, that serves Gulf and Franklin counties.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, with special attention to persons living in poverty and those most vulnerable. In FY2019, Ascension provided $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

Ascension includes more than 150,000 associates and 40,000 aligned providers. The national health system operates more than 2,600 sites of care – including 150 hospitals and more than 50 senior living facilities – in 20 states and the District of Columbia, while providing a variety of services including clinical and network services, venture capital investing, investment management, biomedical engineering, facilities management, risk management, and contracting through Ascension’s own group purchasing organization.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Sacred Heart Health System-FL, you will have the opportunity to perform routine diagnostic and analytic testing of laboratory specimens independently.

Responsibilities:
Performs, validates, interprets, documents and reports laboratory test results. May collect and process specimens.
Performs instrument maintenance and troubleshooting. Executes and evaluates quality control and quality assurance procedures. Documents and reports as required by regulatory agencies.
Understands and participates in all aspects of clinical laboratory testing; pre-analytical, analytical, and post-analytical. Anticipates and maintains required supplies for uninterrupted testing.
Assists with data collection or special projects as assigned.
Assists in documentation, evaluation and submission of all required laboratory, departmental and staffstatistics/reports.
Assists in training and mentoring MLTs, new associates and students.
What You Will Need

Licenses/Certifications/Registration:
Required Credential(s):
Clinical Laboratory Technologist credentialed from the Florida Board of Clinical Laboratory Personnel
Preferred Credential(s):
Approved Local Exception.
Medical Technologist (ASCP) credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC).
Medical Lab Scientist (ASCP) credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC).
Medical Tech credentialed from the American Board of Bioanalysis (AAB).
Medical Tech credentialed from the American Medical Technologists (AMT).
Education:
Diploma
Bachelors degree in medical technology, medical laboratory scientist, human sciences or education qualifications as stated per CLIA requirements
Work Experience:
None required.
Equal Employment Opportunity

Sacred Heart Health System is an equal opportunity employer.

Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Sacred Heart Health System participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)",3.3,"Ascension
3.3","Pensacola, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
186,Postdoctoral Scientist - Gayther Lab - Center for Bioinformatics & Functional Genomics,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Center for Bioinformatics and Functional Genomics at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center is seeking a Postdoctoral Scientist to join the lab of Dr. Simon Gayther!

The Center brings together teams specializing in cell biology, computational biology, functional analysis of the genome coupled with next generation sequencing and genome editing to provide a complete pipeline for identifying the functional consequences of identified cancer risk loci.

Dr. Gayther’s research program is largely focused on understanding the underlying causes of ovarian, breast, and prostate cancer development. The lab is working to define the heritable component and the functional role of both common and rare risk variants and their target susceptibility genes in the early stage disease pathogenesis. For more information, please visit https://www.cedars-sinai.org/research/labs/gayther.html.

Working independently but in close cooperation and in consultation with the Principal Investigator and other Research Scientists, the Postdoc will perform routine and complex laboratory procedures throughout training period, and may develop, adapt, and implement new research techniques and protocols. This role analyzes and interprets data, may assist in preparation of grant proposals, and participates in publications and presentations as author or co-author. This position is not responsible for generating grant funds.

Additional Duties and Responsibilities:


Design, implement and execute conducting a CRISPR Cas9 screen
Manage the day to day running of specific experiments
Abide by Animal Licenses, IRB protocols, and SOP relating to projects in the laboratory
Supervise graduate student/RA on relevant projects
Undertake research projects that are part of the research program under the direction of principal Investigator or designated investigators
Present at national/international conferences, internal seminars
Assist in day to day activities in running the laboratory
#Jobs-Glassdoor #Jobs-HERC

Educational Requirements:
Doctorate (MD, PhD, VMD, or DDS) in area directly related to field of research specialization

Experience:
Experience in genetics, genomics and genome editing
Experience in generally molecular biology techniques such as PCR, cloning, plasmid manipulation, siRNA/CRISPR knockdown
Experience in cell culture, cell biology assays and modeling of disease
Experience in high throughput screening approaches
Experience in generating next generation sequencing data",3.9,"Cedars-Sinai
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1902,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
187,Data Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist

Language: English

Location: Memphis, TN

Travel: <10>

Buckman is a privately held, global specialty chemical company with headquarters in Memphis, TN, USA, committed to safeguarding the environment, maintaining safety in the workplace, and promoting sustainable development. Buckman delivers exceptional service and innovative solutions to our customers globally in the pulp and paper, leather, and water treatment sectors to help boost productivity, reduce risk, improve product quality, and provide a measurable return on investment. Buckman is in the middle of a digital transformation of its businesses and focused on building the capabilities and tools in support of this.

Position Summary
Buckman is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to lead the development of a Data Science program at our Memphis facility. You will work closely with Buckman stakeholders to derive deep industry knowledge across paper, water, leather, and performance chemical industries. You will help develop a data strategy for the company including collection of the right data, creation of the data science project portfolio, partnering with external providers, and augmenting capabilities with additional internal hires. A large part of the job is communicating and developing relationship with key stakeholders and subject matter experts to tee up proofs of concept projects to demonstrate how data science can be used to solve old problems in unique and novel ways. You will not have a large internal team to rely on, at least initially, so individual expertise, breadth of data science knowledge, and ability to partner with external companies will be essential for success. In addition to the pure data science problems, you will be working closely with a multi-disciplinary team consisting of sensor scientists, software engineers, network engineers, mechanical/electrical engineers, and chemical engineers in the development, and deployment of IoT solutions. If you like working for an entrepreneurial company with a Sustainability mission and digital ambitions at the core of its strategy, Buckman is the place for you.

Competencies Needed for Success
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
5+ years of relevant working experience in an analytical role involving data extraction, analysis, and visualization
Expertise in one or more programming languages R, Python, MATLAB, JMP, Minitab, Java, C++, Scala
Key libraries such as Sklearn, XgBoost, GLMNet, Dplyr, ggplot, Rshiny
Experience and knowledge of data mining algorithms including supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques areas such as Gradient Boosting, Decision Trees, Multivariate Regressions, Logistic regressions, Neural Network, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Naive Bayes, Time Series, Optimization
Microsoft IoT/data science toolkit: Azure Machine Learning, Datalake, Datalake analytics, Workbench, IoT Hub, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, Time Series Insights, PowerBI
Data querying languages (e.g. SQL, Hadoop/Hive) and Preferred Qualifications
A demonstrated record of success with a verifiable portfolio of problems tackled
Preferred Qualifications
Master’s or PhD degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
Experience in the specialty chemicals sector or similar industry
Background in engineering, especially Chemical Engineering
Experience starting up a data science program
Experience working with global stakeholders
Experience working in a start-up environment, preferably in an IoT company
Knowledge in quantitative modeling tools and statistical analysis",3.6,"Buckman
3.6","Memphis, TN",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1945,Company - Private,Chemical Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
188,Head of Real-World Data Science,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Genesis Research is an international healthcare consultancy providing end-to-end value evidence strategy, development, and communication services to Life Sciences companies. We are looking for an individual with demonstrated leadership, biopharma industry experience, and strong methodological skills to lead a growing team epidemiologists and RWE scientists. Our RWE-S team has seen exceptional growth and success in providing holistic and comprehensive support to Life Science organizations. The professional leading this team must possess and demonstrate a passion for innovative research, maintain accountability for all RWE deliverables, develop RWE scientists and research teams. This person must understand the needs of clients’ internal and external stakeholders and leverage this understanding to suggest and design value-added, fit-for-purpose research approaches. This role reports to the Chief Scientific Officer. Location: Hoboken, NJ, USA, although remote locations may be considered. Local and international travel of up to 20% is required.


Accountabilities within this role:
• Be the Genesis Research Authority on study design, methodology, and result interpretation for all RWE Deliverables
• Lead, manage, and ensure maximum utilization of a team of epidemiologists and health services researchers charged with designing, implementing, and managing a wide range of studies assess the distribution, patterns and determinants of health and disease conditions and examine access to and the use, costs, quality, delivery, organization, and outcomes of health care.
• Create, update, and maintain Methodological and Scientific Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) that RWE teams will follow
• Support Client Managers with execution and delivery of high-priority and highvisibility studies as a Client-facing subject matter expert
• Provide training, oversight, and guidance for new and current members of the Epidemiology team
• Ensure that the Epidemiology team members are aware of and understand RWD data sources, their strengths and limitations, and statistical software when designing studies
• Manage team capacity in concert with Client Management needs
• Motivate teams during periods of high demand

Qualifications:
▪ Master’s degree, MD or PhD within a relevant discipline (Epidemiology, Public Health, Statistics)
▪ 10+ years of consulting, industry, or academic experience
▪ Experience generating and interpreting real-world and observational research required
▪ Excellent verbal and written communication skills
▪ Proficiency in relevant software such as MS office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) and statistical packages
▪ Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail
▪ Enthusiasm to learn and motivation to develop oneself and others within Genesis Research
▪ Flexibility to adapt to client project needs in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial workplace

Compensation:
Competitive salary
Performance-related bonus C
ompany-matched 401k plan
Medical/dental benefits

Genesis Research is an equal opportunity employer.",4.6,"Genesis Research
4.6","Hoboken, NJ",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2009,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
189,Senior Data Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"The ultimate source for official answers about a business online should be the business itself. However, when consumers ask questions on company websites, too often they are left in the dark with wrong answers. Yext (NYSE: YEXT), the Search Experience Cloud, solves this problem by organizing a business's facts so it can provide official answers to consumer questions — wherever people search. Starting with the company website, then extending across search engines and voice assistants, businesses around the world, like Taco Bell, Marriott, and Jaguar Land Rover—as well as organizations like the U.S. State Department—trust Yext to radically improve the search experience on their websites and across the entire search ecosystem.

As a Senior Data Scientist you will shape how data is collected, transformed, and leveraged to develop essential new capabilities and features for Yext's products. We manage large amounts of structured master data on behalf of some of the world's largest companies and collect transactional data through end-user-facing applications we host directly for these clients. Our mission revolves around deeply understanding user intent so we can deliver relevant and accurate answers to questions, everywhere people search.

Yext clients cover a tremendous breadth of industries. We are seeking data scientists excited to discover opportunities in data across a wide variety of business domains. You will work collaboratively with cross-team partners in software engineering, product management, and strategy. This approach will allow you to participate fully in the product development lifecycle and make pragmatic decisions about the design, training, and deployment of machine learning models driving key product features.

What You'll Do
Partner with product management and engineering teams throughout the product development lifecycle
Solve ""full stack"" Data Science problems – Implement solutions to a data science problem in a production environment, coping with all the challenges (such as data cleanliness, performance, unexpected feedback loops, and concept drift) that arise
Articulate Data Science and machine learning concepts to a variety of audiences (product managers, software engineers, executives, sales partners)
Mentor junior team members, provide technical leadership and execution guidance
Dive deep into the details when called for while demonstrating good judgement about when to simplify and prioritize
What You Have
Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g., computer science, mathematics, business analytics, statistics, applied mathematics, economics, or operations research, or similar college level education
5+ years of work experience working in a technical role
Autodidactic, Self directed – You are able to dive into a new unfamiliar problem domain and start learning about it – You are comfortable with uncertainty and project evolution
Effective communicator, a good writer, and know effective means of visually displaying quantitative information
Experience leading cross-functional agile work streams and scaling data-driven initiatives
Fluency with data analysis software and tools such as Python and SQL
Exceptional multi-tasking, project management, and leadership skills
Bonus Points
Experience with JVM languages (Java, Scala) a plus. GoLang or C++ also great!
Experience with AWS, Linux and Mac environments
Excellent ability to cope with ""glue"" problems - shell scripting, debugging python environment problems, fixing broken packages
Knowledge of Python or R, and the machine learning, data processing and visualization packages (e.g. Pandas, Numpy, scikit-learn, Matplotlib)
Knowledge of SQL and databases like MySQL, Postgres, Presto and Hive.
Knowledge of neural network packages (TensorFlow, PyTorch) and state-of-the-art transformer/NLP models and techniques (e.g. FastText, BERT, et al.)
Knowledge of statistics and good experimental practices (e.g. how to run a powerful A/B test and test for significance)
Knowledge of techniques in unsupervised machine learning and information retrieval and mining (e.g. DBSCAN, k-Means, indexes)
Yext is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, genetics, sex, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity or nonbinary or nonconformity and/or status as a trans individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, marital, parental and/or familial status, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any characteristic protected under applicable law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

#LI-JP1",4.2,"Yext
4.2","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
190,Sr. Scientist R&D,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr. Scientist R&D Manager*
Alveo Technologies – Alameda, CA*
About Alveo*
Alveo is leading the transformation of the consumer health tech market with a low-cost, easy-to-use, at-home diagnostic platform that will change the way infectious diseases are detected and managed. The company’s be.well™ testing system gives individuals access to cutting-edge molecular testing and cloud-based data analytics for rapid diagnosis and management of infectious diseases. With an initial focus on acute respiratory infections, including COVID-19, Influenza A/B, and RSV, Alveo’s agile and dynamic diagnosis platform can be adapted to detect a wide range of diseases that threaten public health. Affordable access to real-time, at-home results will transform the way individuals, healthcare providers and public health professionals identify and manage disease outbreaks. With be.well™, we will Know Sooner, Act Faster™ and make better-informed decisions toward personalized intervention options that benefit individuals and the entire population. To learn more, visit https://alveotechnologies.com/

Senior level role working directly with the Sr. Director of R&D Operations to achieve company milestones in infectious disease detection. The successful candidate will assist in planning experimental roadmaps, help supervise the daily activities of research staff, and work at the bench to meet objectives. This position will work closely with engineering and product development teams to coordinate assay timelines with other aspects of the product development path. You will optimize and transfer current assays and molecular technologies to Alveo’s platform, as well as innovate novel strategies applicable to Alveo’s pipeline of devices. You will assist in writing patents to protect this intellectual property and journal articles to publish results.
You Will: *
Assist the Sr. Director of R&D Operations with development and execution of strategic initiatives for the Assay Development R&D group.
Provide technical expertise to support new product development and modify and improve current formulations.
Ensure that any new and/or improved products and processes are adequately tested to ensure smooth Development and Verification testing.
Manage a product development team of scientists and work with manufacturing personnel to initiate and successfully complete the Design Transfer of new company products from R&D to Manufacturing.
Build a strong, effective, high performance team, influence and motivate the team members by coaching and training to enhance the overall team performance. Identify and develop future leadership.
Proactively identify and escalate risks and issues to relevant stakeholders, lead development and delivery of tactical and achievable mitigation and contingency planning.
Conduct hands on technical experiments to develop sample-to-answer molecular diagnostics assays and report data to achieve timely execution of projects.
Apply lean six sigma techniques and DOE to accelerate time to market.
Lead ""lessons learned"" sessions, share lessons among project leaders and other teams, integrate lessons into existing processes, tools and templates.
Control and propagate an exceptional quality of the documentation and analysis of results that will be submitted to regulatory agencies.
Clear understanding of current ISO standards and QSR regulations.
Your Background Should Include: *
As a successful candidate you should have 5-7 years of experience in managing programs in the medical device industry and a proven track record in product development from feasibility to commercialization.
Are familiar with managing complex tasks and delivering innovative solutions. Strong multidisciplinary background with comprehensive knowledge of systems engineering. Good understanding of quality systems, regulatory requirements, development and manufacturing processes.
Ph.D. degree in Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Microbiology or related field. A combination of Master’s degree with extensive IVD experience will also be considered.
Expertise in genomics and molecular biology, including principles of nucleic acid chemistry, primer design, and technologies for gene target amplification using PCR and isothermal amplification methods.
Ability to work successfully across disciplines (including software, manufacturing, product development, quality, regulatory, and marketing) in a collaborative and cross-functional team environment.
Experience working in biosafety level 2 (BSL-2) environment and willingness to work with infectious or otherwise biohazardous materials.
Experience in developing and commercializing diagnostic products in a GLP/GMP environment is a must.
Familiarity with statistical methods and software (JMP, R, etc.).
Experience in design control and product lifecycle management is a must.
Previous experience with regulatory submissions, US and OUS is highly desirable.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as ability to communicate effectively with scientists and engineers from a wide range of technical backgrounds.
Feel comfortable and thrive in a fast-paced cross-functional environment.
Experience with start-ups and bringing disruptive technologies to market strongly desired.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Schedule:
Weekends
Experience:
Medical Devices: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)",1.0,"Alveo Technologies
1.0","Alameda, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2014,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
191,Principal Data Scientist,$57k-$102k (Glassdoor Est.),"Research and Sciences

Qualifications:

Embark on a career putting innovative, reliable, and agile products and ideas into orbit, and beyond. Northrop Grumman has opportunities waiting for you that play a vital role in human space exploration, national defense, and scientific discovery, supporting multiple programs across the universe. With us, you'll discover a culture of curiosity and collaboration that will have you Defining Possible from the day you start. Our space systems connect and protect millions of people on earth every day, now and for the future. Explore your future and launch your career today.

Northrop Grumman Space Systems is seeking a Principal Data Scientist This position will be located at Hill AFB, UT and will support the Ground Subsystems Support Contract (GSSC) program.

The successful applicant will:
Develop and implement artificial intelligence and machine learning models to solve complex data problems
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools
Merge and transform big datasets to ensure data integrity and usability
Develop a process to maintain quality and performance of statistical models and quickly identify enhancements opportunities
Communicate advanced concepts and information in an understandable manner for audiences of varying levels of competency
Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of technology trends
Properly document code, artifact description, implementation, and use case.
Be an eager and fast learner
Work on a fast pasted collaborative team in an agile environment
As a full-time employee of Northrop Grumman Space Systems, you are eligible for our robust benefits package including:
Medical, Dental & Vision coverage
401k
Educational Assistance
Life Insurance
Employee Assistance Programs & Work/Life Solutions
Paid Time Off
Health & Wellness Resources
Employee Discounts
This position's standard work schedule is a 9/80. The 9/80 schedule allows employees who work a nine-hour day Monday through Thursday to take every other Friday off.

UTSpace",3.8,"Northrop Grumman
3.8","Hill AFB, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
192,Data Scientist Intern,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"United States, Irvine, CA, Adhesive Technologies

Data Scientist Intern
HENKEL IS FOR THOSE WHO STEP UP. DO YOU?

At Henkel, you can make a difference and craft your career. That’s why you own your projects and take full responsibility from an early stage. Our unique brands in markets around the world open up countless opportunities to follow your convictions and explore new paths. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset that allows you to always think out of the box - take the chance and shape the digital future together with us.

YOUR ROLE
Data scientist intern position starting in Spring 2021 at our Irvine, CA office.
Support internal and external document management for lab and chemical inventory management systems
Provide on-going analytical support and reporting for key platform initiatives
Full time schedule to fulfill business objective
YOUR SKILLS
Bachelor's degree in Chemistry and/or Chemical Engineering with 1+ years of relevant work experience
Analytical and critical thinking skills with problem solving ability - software experience a plus
Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills
Proficiency in MS Office including Excel, Outlook, Notes and Teams (preferred)

Henkel is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, and other legally protected characteristics.

Henkel does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Unsolicited referrals and resumes are considered Henkel property and therefore, Henkel will not pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited referral. At Henkel’s request only, preferred vendors may be invited to refer talent for specific open positions. In these cases, a fully-executed agreement with Henkel must be in place and current.

All employees applying for an internal position must have a discussion with his/her manager about their interest in a job posting opportunity. The discussion will not preclude the employee from interviewing if their skills meet the job requirements.

JOB ID: 20006422
Contract & Job type: Full Time, Limited Term
Contact information for application-related questions: 1-866-836-7067",4.3,"Henkel
4.3","Irvine, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1876,Company - Public,Consumer Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$10+ billion (USD),-1
193,Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"E.W. Scripps is a company rich in media history focused on the future. We are one of the nation's largest independent TV station owners with 60 stations nationwide, and we are working to stay ahead of the ways in which people use technology to find news and information. Our commitment to the future means that discovery is commonplace, the status quo is challenged, iteration and collaboration are the norm and new ideas are welcome. Join a team of top performers and help shape the future of the most strategic and well positioned media company – E. W. Scripps. This position will be located in Cincinnati, OH or Washington, DC.

At Scripps, you’ll:
Have a complete modern data science/analytics software stack at your disposal.
Enjoy a broad scope of responsibility – with projects and questions from every part of the business and new businesses under consideration.
Know that your work will have an impact on key strategic decisions – changing and shaping the way we do business. This is why we are so selective in our hiring process.
Grow your talent with constant learning – with substantial investments in on-site and hands-on training and eLearning formats used to fill in the gaps.
Work on projects that are important and interesting to you – with focus on modern media and marketing strategies
Expand your horizons by attending and giving talks at conferences and professional networking opportunities with senior analytics professionals.
Become a leading expert in applied data science for media.
We are looking for someone who knows how to use the latest data analytics tools, will thrive in our fast-paced innovative environment, will deliver results and has the following experience and credentials.

Primary purpose:

The Data Scientist blends the skills of a business thinker with those of a data analyst: asking questions, turning data into knowledge, forming conclusions, and making recommendations that enable the company to innovate, differentiate itself from its competitors, work smarter, make better decisions, and enhance profitability. This individual will partner with the analytics team, analytics products and services director, business leaders and end users to be a change agent - teasing out the questions that are important to our business, and then use statistical analysis and data mining techniques to inform the answers and communicate conclusions both visually and in writing, along with recommendations and next steps. The Data Scientist will also participate in the creation and measurement of new business processes, tools, and products.

Key responsibilities:
Influence the course of the business as a trusted advisor to business leaders, users and clients, using data and analytics as a basis for better, more informed decision making
Creation of analytics and measurement roadmaps
Identify impactful choices or courses of action that drive value for the organization
Evaluate the big picture and solve business problems in addition to focusing on metrics
Influence the direction of the business by effectively communicating conclusions to cross-functional groups
Create automation applications to replace tasks for critical revenue generating teams decreasing time dedicated to non-revenue generating
Mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract useful business insights for a wide range of topics including product development and performance, market dynamics, consumer and audience knowledge, internal operations, and external research
Initial study design, acquisition of data, prototyping and production roll out
Ongoing tracking, monitoring, and periodic follow-up studies
Support the design and implement of reporting dashboards that track key business metrics and provide actionable insights
Use software and other tools to develop analyses that identify patterns, influences, correlations, relationships, predictive factors, risk factors, and that provide better situational awareness
Creation of models, simulations, and optimization routines
Develop of data flows and acquisition strategies to facilitate the capture and sharing of data and analytics within the organization
Support the development of Scripps analytics products and services by providing input into product roadmaps
Be a positive force to cultivate a culture that is passionate about developing analytics as a business competency
Drive accountability for value recognition and business results
Create and contribute to a quality work environment that motivates team members to perform at their highest levels and positively affects employee and business partner relationships
Be a publicly visible presence, including creating communications and leading training sessions, advocating for the benefits of analytics in Scripps and the products/services of the analytics team
Education / work experience:
Bachelor's required, Masters preferred. Applied statistics, Computer Science, business analytics or a related field.
Minimum 3 years, 5+ years preferred, experience in solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches apply to this requirement.
Experience and demonstrated success presenting complex analyses and final recommendations to business leaders and external clients.
Statistical method experience:
Analysis techniques such as marketing mix modeling, scenario modeling, pattern detection, A/B testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, agent-based modeling, ensemble models, collaborative filtering and other types of analysis
Software Proficiency:
Python, RapidMiner, R
Database skills (Snowflake, MySQL) experience preferred
Tableau
About Scripps:

The E.W. Scripps Company (NASDAQ: SSP) advances understanding of the world through journalism. As the nation’s fourth-largest independent TV station owner, Scripps operates 60 television stations in 42 markets. Scripps empowers the next generation of news consumers with its multiplatform news network Newsy and reaches growing audiences through broadcast networks including Bounce and Court TV. Scripps runs an award-winning investigative reporting newsroom in Washington, D.C., and is the longtime steward of the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Founded in 1878, Scripps has held for decades to the motto, “Give light and the people will find their own way.”

As an equal employment opportunity employer, The E.W. Scripps Company and its affiliates do not discriminate in its employment decisions on the basis on race, sex, sexual orientation, gender, color, religion, age, genetic information, medical condition, disability, marital status, citizenship or national origin, and military membership or veteran status, or on any other basis which would be in violation of any applicable federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the company will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship for the company.

If interested, please apply at www.scripps.com/careers.

#LI-CH1

#GD-CH1",3.5,"The E.W. Scripps Company
3.5","Washington, DC",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1878,Company - Public,TV Broadcast & Cable Networks,Media,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
194,Data Scientist - Telecommute,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Optum Payment Integrity Analytics is looking to expand and is seeking a Data Scientist to join our team and help us reach our goals of accurate and effortless payments of claims through advanced analytics and machine learning. You should be an exceptional disciplined and self-motivated Data Scientist with predictive modeling and advanced analytics experience and a passion for working with healthcare data, experience using various computational approaches, and a portfolio of projects you can show and talk about.

Youll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.

Primary Responsibilities:
Deliver value to our UHC partners through analytics
Work alongside other data scientists, engineers, and project managers to design and implement models and experiments from end to end, including data ingestion and preparation, feature engineering, analysis and modeling, model deployment, performance tracking and documentation
Conduct hands-on data analysis and predictive analytics on large datasets
Effectively communicate complex technical results to business partners
Youll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelors degree or higher in Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics or related technical field
2+ years of hands-on experience in in developing analytics with machine learning, deep learning, NLP, and/or other related modeling techniques (this experience can be academic based)
Proficiency in advanced data science tools such as R, Python, SQL, Spark and H2O
Experience applying computational algorithms and statistical methods to complex datasets
Experience combining analytic methods with advanced data visualizations using, for example, Tableau, Shiny or D3
Strong ability to breakdown and clearly define problems
Strong ability to communicate highly technical results to a diverse audience
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.SM

*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Groups Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: Data Scientist, Telecommuter, Telecommute, Remote",3.4,"Unitedhealth Group
3.4","San Diego, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1977,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$10+ billion (USD),-1
195,Senior Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"The ultimate source for official answers about a business online should be the business itself. However, when consumers ask questions on company websites, too often they are left in the dark with wrong answers. Yext (NYSE: YEXT), the Search Experience Cloud, solves this problem by organizing a business's facts so it can provide official answers to consumer questions — wherever people search. Starting with the company website, then extending across search engines and voice assistants, businesses around the world, like Taco Bell, Marriott, and Jaguar Land Rover—as well as organizations like the U.S. State Department—trust Yext to radically improve the search experience on their websites and across the entire search ecosystem.

As a Senior Data Scientist you will shape how data is collected, transformed, and leveraged to develop essential new capabilities and features for Yext's products. We manage large amounts of structured master data on behalf of some of the world's largest companies and collect transactional data through end-user-facing applications we host directly for these clients. Our mission revolves around deeply understanding user intent so we can deliver relevant and accurate answers to questions, everywhere people search.

Yext clients cover a tremendous breadth of industries. We are seeking data scientists excited to discover opportunities in data across a wide variety of business domains. You will work collaboratively with cross-team partners in software engineering, product management, and strategy. This approach will allow you to participate fully in the product development lifecycle and make pragmatic decisions about the design, training, and deployment of machine learning models driving key product features.

What You'll Do
Partner with product management and engineering teams throughout the product development lifecycle
Solve ""full stack"" Data Science problems – Implement solutions to a data science problem in a production environment, coping with all the challenges (such as data cleanliness, performance, unexpected feedback loops, and concept drift) that arise
Articulate Data Science and machine learning concepts to a variety of audiences (product managers, software engineers, executives, sales partners)
Mentor junior team members, provide technical leadership and execution guidance
Dive deep into the details when called for while demonstrating good judgement about when to simplify and prioritize
What You Have
Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g., computer science, mathematics, business analytics, statistics, applied mathematics, economics, or operations research, or similar college level education
5+ years of work experience working in a technical role
Autodidactic, Self directed – You are able to dive into a new unfamiliar problem domain and start learning about it – You are comfortable with uncertainty and project evolution
Effective communicator, a good writer, and know effective means of visually displaying quantitative information
Experience leading cross-functional agile work streams and scaling data-driven initiatives
Fluency with data analysis software and tools such as Python and SQL
Exceptional multi-tasking, project management, and leadership skills
Bonus Points
Experience with JVM languages (Java, Scala) a plus. GoLang or C++ also great!
Experience with AWS, Linux and Mac environments
Excellent ability to cope with ""glue"" problems - shell scripting, debugging python environment problems, fixing broken packages
Knowledge of Python or R, and the machine learning, data processing and visualization packages (e.g. Pandas, Numpy, scikit-learn, Matplotlib)
Knowledge of SQL and databases like MySQL, Postgres, Presto and Hive.
Knowledge of neural network packages (TensorFlow, PyTorch) and state-of-the-art transformer/NLP models and techniques (e.g. FastText, BERT, et al.)
Knowledge of statistics and good experimental practices (e.g. how to run a powerful A/B test and test for significance)
Knowledge of techniques in unsupervised machine learning and information retrieval and mining (e.g. DBSCAN, k-Means, indexes)
Yext is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, genetics, sex, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientation, gender (including gender identity or nonbinary or nonconformity and/or status as a trans individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, marital, parental and/or familial status, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any characteristic protected under applicable law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

#LI-JP1",4.2,"Yext
4.2","New York, NY",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
196,Data Scientist active TS/SCI,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"We are currently seeking an innovative, experienced, and highly-skilled Data Scientist to join our growing Advanced Analytics team in Ft. Belvoir, VA. In this role, you will create and develop custom solutions for our users in a collaborative, fast-paced, state-of-the art environment. To be successful in this role, you will be thorough, creative, and exceptionally well-skilled in all phases of the development lifecycle, with a passion for continued learning and collaboration.
*This position is located in Ft. Belvoir, VA and requires an active TS/SCI clearance*

The Data Scientist will:
Demonstrate the ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions.
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Establish data science pipelines.
Develop, train, test, deploy, and sustain AI and machine learning models.
Leverage data patterns and other development methods to optimize code and reduce computational cost.
Develop front-end interfaces to facilitate usage of developed AI/ML solutions
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting.

Active TS/SCI clearance
Bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related business or quantitative discipline strongly preferred. Master's degree in these disciplines preferred.
Experience working with Scala, Python, Java
5-10+ years of related experience required
Advanced data science experience required
Significant experience with databases
Experience and familiarity with Agile-Scrum software development
Experience gathering and decomposing requirements
Proven record of solution development and deployment
Familiarity with web based application development
Experience with testing, use case, and user stories
Outstanding communication skills, written and verbal
Highly-organized and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Team-player mentality with a positive attitude
Keen attention to detail and solid analytical skills
Able to articulate complex, abstract concepts concisely and effectively
#LI-SH1

LMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer-all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.",4.1,"LMI
4.1","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1961,Nonprofit Organization,Consulting,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
197,Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Overview


JM&A Group is one of the largest independent providers of finance and insurance (F&I) products in the automotive industry. For nearly 40 years, the company has helped automobile dealers achieve unsurpassed levels of performance. JM&A Group provides more than 3,800 dealerships with a variety of products and services, such as new and used vehicle protection plans, pre-paid maintenance plans and GAP protection programs. Among JM&A Group’s competitive advantages is its robust training and consulting services for F&I professionals, and the company is actively evolving to meet consumer preferences to remain a market leader and a partner of choice.

Job Description


JM&A, a division of JM Family Enterprises, Inc., is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join its Customer Services Admin team. The Data Scientist will partner with stakeholders from various business functions to identify data science opportunities, have the knowledge, experience and technical skills to leverage internal and external data, and apply the right machine learning/big data technologies to turn such data into valuable insights and solutions for the company. The candidate will be tasked with gathering and integrating large volumes of data to develop complex predictive / machine learning models to drive actionable results and insights especially in the areas of fraud / anomaly detection, claims automation / self service and general efficiency opportunities. This is a highly visible and impactful role where the Data Scientist will interact with the senior and executive level management and have the opportunity to influence what we do and how we do it through data science.

Responsibilities:
Create a collaborative and effective working relationship with functional leaders to understand business problems, identify opportunities / use cases to improve the performance of our businesses
Lead / Contribute to the development of actionable solutions. This includes all aspects of the solution development including problem and goal definition, defining a plan for:
Sampling of the data and conducting experiments
Data extraction
Ingestion and processing (outlier and missing data handling)
Exploratory data analysis
Feature engineering (weight of evidence, label encoding, label count encoding, target encoding, time-series, polynomial interactions, binning, outlier handling)
Feature selection (forward, backwards, information value)
Hyperparameter optimization of machine learning models
Experiment tracking for A/B testing and reproducibility, model evaluation, model interpretability, results communication and deployment
Contribute to the adoption and better understanding across the company of data science best practices and tools and stay up to date regarding new knowledge and developments in this domain
#LI-JD1

Job Requirements
Core skills in Computer Science: Data Structures, Algorithms, Programming Paradigms and Relational Databases
Deep working experience applying statistics and machine learning techniques to real-world problems and data and deploying models to production
Hands-on experience with SQL and tools to access databases
Expertise in Python and R
Expertise with open source data mining/machine learning/big data programming libraries, models and frameworks (e.g. Pandas, Scikit-Learn, H2O, TSFresh, FeatureTools, MLflow, Shap, Microsoft Interpret, Tensorflow, Statsmodels, Pandas-Profiling, Seaborn, Plotly, Spark, Koalas)
Working experience with cloud computing services such as Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform
Excellent presentation skills to non-technical Associates communicating complex concepts in terms the audience can understand through understandable language, tables and visualizations
When evaluating the candidate, special attention will be paid to the following competencies:
Intellectual Curiosity and Critical Thinking, necessary to analyze a problem from multiple perspectives and examine the interrelationships between data that may appear superficially unrelated
Autonomous, to own projects end-to-end; ability to work on the entire stack without being dependent on other team members
Focus, to design and test a technique over days and weeks, find it doesn’t work, learn from the failure, and try again
Creativity, to invent and try new approaches to solving a problem
Attention to Detail, in order to maintain rigor and to detect and avoid over-reliance on intuition when examining data
Clear and concise written and oral communication, in order to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear and precise manner
Interpersonal skills, necessary to build good working relationships and work as part of a team
PhD or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math or a related discipline or equivalent skill set",4.0,"JM&A Group
4.0","Deerfield Beach, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1978,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
198,Principal Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Principal Data Scientist, Oncology
The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

NOTE: This position can be filled in either GAITHERSBURG MARYLAND OR WALTHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will develop your leadership skills and apply and develop your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include developing machine learning models for digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Day-to-Day:
Developing novel data science and machine learning solutions where off-the-shelf methodologies do not fit.
Leading small (2-3 person) data science projects of defined scope.
Coaching/mentoring junior data scientists and others to drive the development of data science as an AZ capability.
What You'll Need:

Essential:
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Extensive knowledge of mathematical modelling and statistical modelling techniques and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills
Outstanding communication, business analysis and consultancy
Desirable:
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.
In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
199,Principal Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Title: Principal Data Scientist

Responsibilities:
Build a data/stats-driven ad machine learning models, working closely with the product team
Constantly experiment and improve machine learning models for the recommendation/ad optimization system
Invent and analyze big data for given business cases and help implement them in production
Work with the product/engineering team to implement, test and deploy the solution on Google Cloud Platform
Core Competencies:
Passionate about machine learning and big data
Great communication about complex algorithmic works as easy-to-understand story telling
Motivated to test at billions scaled data and follow up machine learning models in product
Requirements:
Ph. D in Computer Science or Statistics, or 5 years or more of similar working experience in the technical field.
Must have hands-on Machine-learning related industry project experience.
Solid Python programming skills
Ability to work in a fast paced, test-driven collaborative and iterative programming environment
Understanding of major recommendation algorithms (Collaborative Filtering, Matrix factorization, Gradient Boosting, etc.)
Senior level understanding of Algorithms, Data Structures, and Machine Learning/Data Mining
Understanding of RDBMS, SQL and NoSQL alternatives
Bonus:
Domain and/or marketplace knowledge
Understanding of various ad optimization algorithms (CTR prediction, eCPM optimization, user targeting and segmentation, RTB and real-time optimization) is a plus
Experience with Hadoop/Hbase/Pig or PySpark is a plus
Tapjoy is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity and inclusion lead to stronger, more innovative teams and better business results; we want to draw from the broadest talent pool possible and encourage qualified applicants. Tapjoy does not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, ethnicity, color, age, sexual orientation, gender (including identity and expression), disability (mental or physical), religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification protected by applicable law; we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, and pursuant to applicable fair chance ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

For more information, please visit www.tapjoy.com.

]]>",3.6,"Tapjoy
3.6","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
200,Sr. Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Be proud of where you work, be proud of your Career. Join Navient.

We're proud of our people. Navient team members bring passion, commitment, and integrity to our business. We drive results and foster the innovation that makes us an industry leader. It's time to make that move, choose Navient as the next stepping stone in your career.

Navient (Nasdaq: NAVI) provides asset management and business processing solutions to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state, and local levels. We help our clients and millions of Americans achieve financial success through our services and support. Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, Navient employs team members in Western New York, Northeastern Pennsylvania, Indiana, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and other locations. Learn more at navient.com.

During this time of recommended social distancing, Navient will conduct telephone interviews only until it is safe and permissible to invite candidates to our offices for personal interviews. We look forward to receiving your application and appreciate your flexibility and understanding.

The Senior Data Scientist will utilize analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets.

Responsibilities include:

Data Science & Analysis
Analyze enormous amounts of data (structured and unstructured datasets)
Extract data from sources such as enterprise data warehouse, production databases, and other providers
Write machine learning models to produce desired results (shallow ML & ANNs)
Develop techniques for machine learning and predictive analytics
Create charts and other data visuals of analyzed data
Utilize NLP engines to process and correlate unstructured data
Engage with domain experts as well as senior leaders and engineers to effectively deliver interpretable results.
Python Development
Utilize Python to retrieve and prepare data for algorithm processing
Program APIs to access data on existing systems and databases
Program machine learning solutions to process large datasets
Program output to be organized and ready for presentation
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

This position will support a federal government contract. Applicants must be able to obtain Public Trust security clearance as required of federal government contractors to include a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. For this level of clearance, applicants must possess U.S citizenship.

Master's degree in Data Science, Math, Computer Science or other related area (additional experience may substitute)

2+ years experience in the following (additional education may substitute:
Programming Language(s) Python and Spark
Data Munging: SQL / Python
Data Storage / Data handling: Hadoop / Spark
Statistical Analysis & Machine Learning models
Deep Learning libraries (ex. TensorFlow / Sikit-learn / PyTorch)
Data Visualization (ex. Tableau / d3.js / Python data visualization libraries)
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience building chatbot solutions
Knowledge of PySpark API and RStudio programming
Programming user interfaces (ex. Python, Java, .net, C++, C)
Excellent technical, communication, and analytical capabilities
Demonstrated ability to complete tasks/project quickly and effectively
Able to work in an ever-changing environment and positively adapt to organizational, process, and technology changes
Software design principles
Databases and SQL
Strong knowledge of normalization methods
Strong knowledge with DL modern architectures
Numpy/Pandas experience
Software testing principles
MS TFS/Github
ETL workflows
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.",3.2,"Navient
3.2","Fishers, IN",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Financial Transaction Processing,Finance,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
201,Geospatial Data Engineer with TS/SCI Clearance,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Type of Requisition:

Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

Top Secret/SCI

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Suitability:

Polygraph

Public Trust/Other Required:

Job Family:

Systems Engineering

Job Description:

GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day. We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on TS/SCI level cleared Geospatial Data Engineer joining our team to support our Intelligence customer in Springfield, VA

The Geospatial Data Engineer is required to extract and/or acquire geospatial information, derivative information and multi-INT data for analysis and visualization to solve problems and enhance the knowledge of NGA missions. This also includes extracting specific feature data in accordance with the NGA Feature Data Specifications, project specific guidance, and other NGA data and product specifications.

Required Skills
BS/BA and 8+ years of experience or equivalent years of education and experience
At least 3+ years of experience in engineering and managing spatial data infrastructure to include both proprietary and open source technologies. This includes experience conducting data transformations between spatial data formats, QA/QC on data, understanding NSG data schemas, database management, and managing OGC compliant web services.
Must have a strong background in Relation Database Management System (RDBMS) and NoSQL concepts and tools to include firm understanding of SQL and Python syntax for ETL workflows.
Must be comfortable working in a linux shell environment as well as standard GUI management tools.
Prior experience deploying and using PostgreSQL and Postgis extension to manage spatial data.
Prior experience deploying and managing open source spatial data web servers such as GeoServer, MapServer, TileserverGL, or similar to enable OGC compliant web services.
Comfortable using GDAL, GRASS, GeoPandas, Rasterio, or other open source geoprocessing applications and tools.
Prior AWS Development or DevOps experience. Prior Elasticsearch experience creating and managing indexes.
Must have a Secret clearance and/or eligible for TS/SCI clearance
Job Duties
Create, update, and manage geospatial information system databases and products.
Obtain, compile and assess geospatial data sets to support requirements.
Collaborate with analysts and customers as required.
Use a variety of geospatial analysis software suites to accomplish the mission.
Provide geospatial analysis services in the form of datasets and visualization products
#GDITPriority

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

None

Telecommuting Options:

Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:

USA VA Springfield

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.5,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.5","Springfield, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Subsidiary or Business Segment,IT Services,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
202,Senior Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Mars Agency is a global marketing practice, specializing in marketing to shoppers, consumers and retailers across the ever-expanding omni-commerce environment. Mars uniquely refers to this environment as the A-to-V Commerce SM space, which incorporates everything from Autonomous to Voice commerce.

Mars, proud of its independence and growth-for-clients focus, operates internationally across the Americas, Europe and Asia through its network of 13 offices.

We are currently seeking a Senior Data Scientist to work out of our Bentonville or Detroit office.

The Senior Data Scientist serves as a key member of the team building out the agency’s shopper marketing mix modeling and advanced analytics offering, evolving statistical modeling and analytics with technology to develop a best-in-class platform for measurement, evaluation and marketing ROI.
What You’ll Do:
Assist in the development and implementation of the agency’s shopper marketing mix modeling platform.
Lead the continued development of the Analytics capability for the agency, helping to define the role of Analytics in all aspects of a program from planning to measurement.
Work to enhance the agency’s overall Business Intelligence offering and analytics strategy.
Define and develop compelling analytic opportunities that complement the agency’s business and result in incremental category growth opportunities for our clients.
Synthesize data from a variety of sources including IRI, Nielsen, media, customer specific POS, shopper loyalty databases, consumer research and category management tools to identify and prioritize business-building opportunities.
Consult on data strategy for the agency, in collaboration with data strategy lead. Identify potential data sources and key data points to be captured, outlining and thinking about potential future uses.
Interface with clients and internal team members to explain complex analytic concepts in an easy to understand way.
Promote advanced analytic and data science capabilities during new business pitches and within the agency’s existing clients.
Provide recommendations for cloud analytics technology and be part of the team implementing.
Work with Python and its libraries, SQL, Spark, and R, all via a Cloud-based platform.

What You Bring to Us:
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in a related field, such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, data science, computer science, or marketing.
Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in consumer marketing or shopper marketing insights and analytics, particularly in the CPG and retail industries.
Dynamic personality able to effectively engage and influence a variety of audiences.
Proficient on querying and reducing data from large database repositories and/or flat files.
At lease 2 years of experience in/with: building efficient data processing pipelines for analytical systems using cloud based technology.
Knowledge of the digital marketing ecosystem and fluency with common web technologies, as well as knowledge of media platforms (Google DFP, Google DFA, Facebook) and 3rd Party Tools (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Google AdWords) as well as experience with CRM Data Analysis.
Hands-on experience with experimental design, offer testing methodology,
descriptive statistics, hypothesis testing, econometric modeling, and regression analysis.
Passion about business and dissatisfaction with the status quo – always thinking of ways to improve/grow the function.
Proficiency in IRI and Nielsen systems, data management and analytics tools, and data visualization software (Tableau preferred).
Leadership and organizational skills.
Capable of handling multiple projects simultaneously.
High level of energy and enthusiasm.
Comfortable with high pressure, fluid and ambiguous situations.
Ability to travel on an as-needed basis.

The Mars Agency is an Equal Opportunity Employer and will recruit, hire, train and promote persons in all job classifications without regard to race, ancestry, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability or handicap, HIV, veteran, marital or family status, or any other status or condition protected by applicable state and/or federal laws, except where a bonafide occupational qualification applies.

The Mars Agency has developed a wide variety of inclusive benefit plans and policies that address and promote the needs of all employees and their family members, including comprehensive group health plans, a parental leave program that includes paid maternity and paternity benefits for pregnancy, adoption and surrogacy, flexible paid time off, a broad and confidential employee assistance program, ongoing wellness support initiatives, trusted financial health advice and guidance, promotion of education through tuition support and assistance, and a flexible and supportive work environment and culture.",3.3,"The Mars Agency
3.3","Rogers, AR",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1972,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
203,"Scientist, Product Development",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary:

Metagenics is a global lifestyle medicine company, offering products and programs exclusively to health care practitioners. For over 30 years, we have been driven by a scientific concept: How the right nutrition can help people realize their best health possible. We don't compromise on safety, efficacy, or quality - to make sure that we deliver the best results possible. Time after time. Bottle after bottle. We carefully monitor all products to assure purity and safety, from formulation and ingredient selection all the way to the final product. We offer more educational support for health care professionals than anyone else in our field - keeping them in touch with the latest research and nutritional approaches to help manage today’s most common illnesses. Metagenics is dedicated to helping people live a happier, healthier life by realizing their genetic potential.

Responsibilities:

Position Summary:

The Product Development (PD) Scientist is responsible for all aspects of the technical product and process development from benchtop to commercialization of all dosage forms to achieve NPD (New Product Development) and reformulation goals. The PD scientist is expected to effectively utilize best practices and procedures in product and process development. Identifies and advances technology opportunities to drive innovation and points of differentiation for the brands. Effectively interfaces with Nutrition Science, Quality, Manufacturing, Marketing, Procurement and other cross-functional disciplines to accomplish project goals. The Product Development Scientist is known as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) on all aspects of formulation, product/process development, scale-up and commercialization of foods, medical foods and dietary supplement dosage forms. Expected to gain knowledge and insights about the customer feedback loops and effectively utilize these in advancing product and process development. Exemplifies good business acumen and utilizes agile principles in product and process development. A good steward of company resources.

Responibilites:

Independently designs and conducts robust experiments to support new product development and/or optimization of existing formulas. Presents relevant findings to R&D Management and appropriate technical groups both internally and externally.
Develops formulations and processes to support the development of new and novel products and/or optimization of existing products. Responsible for the coordination and execution of bench-top, pilot, manufacturing scale-up and verification batches with speed and robustness.
Effectively troubleshoots and solves complex formulation & technical challenges with speed and robustness.
Maintains accurate records of all development projects. Prepares and initiates technical documents such as raw material and product specifications, Job Aids, SOP’s, Manufacturing Batch Records,
technology transfer documentations and any other relevant documents for the development and commercialization of the products.
Prepares stability, sensory, consumer, and clinical study samples. Prepares, reviews and/or approves stability protocols. Works effectively with Quality to monitor, evaluate, summarize and interpret the results of stability studies.
Develops and maintains a network of vendors, consultants, and educators in order to leverage emerging and enabling technologies and drives new technology advancement.
Effectively communicates and leads in a cross-team environment, serving as a scientific SME in solving complex formulation and process issues.
Effectively interfaces with Sourcing/Procurement and Quality to identify raw materials and appropriately qualify these for development and commercialization.
Identifies, champions and advances manufacturing improvement opportunities.
May supervise, train and develop staff in developing new products; conducts appropriate experiments and instructs in the proper use of laboratory and manufacturing equipment.
Maintains pilot plant equipment including maintenance and repairs.
Perform additional projects as assigned or required by the organization, as developed through Agile squads and/or to support the execution of the Product Development or Enterprise Backlog.

What you'll need:

Education:

Requires a four-degree college or university degree or its equivalent in Pharmacy, Chemistry, Food Science, Nutrition Science or related filed. Master or PhD degree is preferred.

Experience:

Bachelor’s degree requires a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience in product development in Food, Confectionary, Cosmetics or Nutraceutical industries.
Master’s degree requires a minimum of 4 - 8 years of experience in product development in Food, Confectionary, Cosmetics or Nutraceutical industries.
PhD degree requires a minimum of 3 - 5 year of experience in product development in Food, Confectionary, Cosmetics or Nutraceutical industries.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:

Requires:

Comprehensive knowledge and practical experience in product/process development in powders and all solid dosage forms. Practical knowledge of other dosage forms is a plus.
Knowledge of laboratory techniques with a solid foundation in basic science
Ability to robustly develop and commercialize new products.
Ability to provide guidance and resolve complex technical issues.
Competency in understanding and interpreting scientific and technical literature and able to report findings in application oriented reports and presentations.
Proficient in oral and written communication skills.
Ability to effectively communicate and lead in a cross-functional environment especially with Marketing and Operations stakeholders.
Strong critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills.
Sound judgement and decision-making skills
Knowledge of Agile Processes and Tools Preferred
Excellent business acumen and good steward of company resources.

Physical requirements/working conditions:

Laboratory, Manufacturing and general office environment. Ability to stand and sit for long periods.

Moderate exposure to disagreeable elements. Frequent work in pilot plant and Manufacturing facilities

Sits at a computer station, meeting table or work desk for more than two-thirds of each day
Stands and walks to other stations and departments throughout the day
Uses hands and fingers to operate computers and office equipment most of the day
May stoop or crouch to access files or storage
Requires clear vision at 20 inches or less with or without corrective lenses
Hearing and speech within normal ranges and sufficient for clear communication face to face and especially via the telephone
Lifts up to 10 pounds regularly; lifts 25 pounds occasionally
Exposed to noise levels typical of office environments

Mental and reasoning requirements:

Uses critical thinking skills to work with documents and spreadsheets and interpret information furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form. Able to review complex documents like contracts and leases. Able to review quantitative and qualitative work and identify questionable items
Expert problem-solving and data-analysis skills
Able to set goals based on available information and to plan work in order to meet deadlines
Able to formulate appropriate responses to requests for data, services and information from internal or external customers with a wide range of personalities and demeanors
Able to project likely future occurrences based on current or historical data
Able to work independently and react quickly to changing priorities with a consistent sense of urgency

Metagenics, and its companies are committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or any other protected status with respect to recruitment, hiring, promotion and other terms and conditions of employment. Metagenics takes affirmative action in support of this policy to employ and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, disabled, and veterans.

#LI-POST

IND123",3.0,"Metagenics
3.0","Gig Harbor, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1983,Company - Private,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
204,"Scientist, Analytical Research & Development",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Overview:

Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent’s advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents , ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start here

Scientist, Analytical Research & Development

The Analytical Scientist reports to the Group Lead of Analytical Research & Development

St. Petersburg is our primary soft gel development and manufacturing facility in North America with capacity of 18 billion capsules per year. Within the Catalent network, we offer a broad range of integrated formulation and analytical services to solve difficult development and manufacturing challenges.

The Analytical Research and Development (AR&D) laboratory supports evaluation and testing of raw materials, excipients, APIs, in-process and finished product samples. AR&D also performs development and validation of methods used to support release and stability testing of non-commercial products and materials.

The Analytical Scientist role is critical to our patients because we develop methods and test products with patient safety in mind, executing with efficiency always. Quality, safety and on-time delivery is a must to be successful in this role. If you share a passion for patient care in the growing world of pharmaceutical manufacturing and would like to be part of a global drug development and delivery leader, then this might be for you!

This is a second Shift Position- working either 2:00pm-10:30pm or 3:00pm-11:30pm.

The Role (daily responsibilities)

Analysis of finished products, in-process materials, fill moisture, and validation and stability samples according to the assigned specifications, methods and protocols.
Audits and verifies results, including but not limited to, calculations in notebooks/logbooks and results in reports to check for accuracy and integrity of data.
Writes and reviews analytical methods, deviations, protocols, SOPs and any other technical documents as required.
Provides project support for new product development which requires a close working relationship directly with Customers as well as suppliers.
Interfaces with peers in other departments, senior management, customers and regulatory agencies.
Identifies and implements process improvements that will reduce cycle time to test and release products.

The Candidate (requirements)

Requires a PhD in a scientific field with 1 year of experience or a Masters in scientific field with 3+ years or Bachelors in scientific field with 5 years or an Associates in a scientific field with 10 years of experience in an analytical GMP environment.
Minimum of 3 years’ experience with identification or separation techniques such as HPLC, UPLC, GC, and Dissolution Apparatus 3 experience with method development/validation.
Experience with common pharmaceutical laboratory equipment including, but not limited to, H.P.L.C. and G.C. instrumentation, and Dissolution testing.
Knowledge of the following: Safety and hazardous waste requirements, Data acquisition applications and database, cGMP standards.
Demonstrated history of method development and/or validation.
Demonstrated critical thinking ability with experience in conducting and writing laboratory investigations.

Position Benefits

Cross functional exposure to other areas of Operations
Medical, Dental, Vision and 401K are all offered from day one of employment
152 hours of paid time off annually + 7 paid Holidays

We will identify candidates based on the following Catalent Competencies:

Leads with Integrity and Respect
Delivers Results
Demonstrates Business Acumen
Fosters Collaboration and Teamwork
Champions Change
Engages and Inspires
Coaches and Develops

Catalent offers rewarding opportunities to further your career! Join the global drug development and delivery leader and help us bring over 7,000 life-saving and life-enhancing products to patients around the world. Catalent is an exciting and growing international company where employees work directly with pharma, biopharma and consumer health companies of all sizes to advance new medicines from early development to clinical trials and to the market. Catalent produces more than 70 billion doses per year, and each one will be used by someone who is counting on us. Join us in making a difference.

Catalent is committed to the health and safety of its employees, visitors and the customers and patients we serve. As a result of the global pandemic, we have modified many of our recruitment and on-boarding processes to maintain everyone’s safety. The Human Resources teams will communicate all necessary safety processes and procedures throughout each stage.

personal initiative. dynamic pace. meaningful work.
Visit www.catalent.com/careers to explore career opportunities.

C atalent is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, you may submit your request by sending an email, and confirming your request for an accommodation and include the job number, title and location to DisabilityAccommodations@catalent.com . This option is reserved for individuals who require accommodation due to a disability. Information received will be processed by a U.S. Catalent employee and then routed to a local recruiter who will provide assistance to ensure appropriate consideration in the application or hiring process.

Notice to Agency and Search Firm Representatives: Catalent Pharma Solutions (Catalent) is not accepting unsolicited resumes from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting. Resumes submitted to any Catalent employee by a third party agency and/or search firm without a valid written & signed search agreement, will become the sole property of Catalent. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired for this position as a result of an unsolicited agency or search firm referral. Thank you.",3.3,"Catalent Pharma Solutions
3.3","Saint Petersburg, FL",-1,10000+ Employees,2007,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
205,Dev/Ops/Build and Release Engineering Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Posting Title:

Dev/Ops/Build and Release Engineering Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Applied Research Laboratories

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

The Space and Geophysics Laboratory (SGL) delivers multi-platform software suites to government customers for diverse applications, from real-time data-intensive network operations to standalone remote field systems, in both Linux and Windows environments. We are seeking DevOps Build and Release Engineering staff to improve the robustness of our software development and deployment processes for both regular releases and responses to dynamic customer needs. This role is an integral part of a critical dependency chain, utilizing your skills and experience to architect and maintain vital CI/CD platform tools and services.

----

Job Details:

Responsibilities
Design, implement and maintain build CI/CD systems for C++ and Python test automation and deployment.
Support regular software deliveries and hotfixes for responsive service to critical-needs customers.
Serve as a gatekeeper for software standards and API documentation.
Maintain documentation for APIs.
Collaborate with and educate dependent teams on proper use of build and source control systems.
Work directly with software engineers, data analysts and operations teams to ensure coordinated releases.
Participate in project reviews and technical interface meetings.
Provide technical assistance to users.
Document and address bug reports.
Other related functions as assigned.
Required Qualifications


Bachelor of Science degree in computer science, information science or related field with three years in a similar Dev/Ops role. Strong experience in or with: collaborative software development, especially C++ and Python; task management tools such as Jira and GitLab; CI/CD pipelines using Git, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, or similar technologies; Linux terminal-based environments including bash; developing on Linux and Windows. Applicant must have a dynamic skill set, willing to work with new technologies, be highly organized and capable of planning and coordinating multiple tasks and managing their time. The position will require attention to detail, effective problem solving skills and excellent judgement. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintain a professional demeanor, work as a team member without daily supervision and effectively communicate with diverse groups of clients. Able to work under pressure and accept supervision. Regular and punctual attendance.

US Citizen. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.

Preferred Qualifications


Master's degree in computer science, or ten years in similar role. Experience developing scientific software applications in C++ and Python. Experience maintaining and administrating Linux servers. Experience with Powershell, and build/test in offline Windows environments. Experience architecting and building out CI/CD frameworks. Experience with cloud services. Cumulative GPA of 3.0.

General Notes


An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.

Please mark ""yes"" on the application question that asks if additional materials are required. Failure to attach all additional materials listed below may result in a delay in application processing.

Salary Range


$82,000-$129,996+/negotiable depending on qualifications.

Working Conditions
Standard office conditions
Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
Use of manual dexterity
Some weekend, evening and holiday work
Possible interstate/intrastate travel
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest
Unofficial college transcripts
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.",3.8,"Applied Research Laboratories
3.8","Austin, TX",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,-1,College / University,Colleges & Universities,Education,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
206,Postdoctoral Scientist - Michelsen Lab - Inflammatory Bowel & Immunobiology Research Institute (IBIRI),$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Are you interested in an exciting opportunity to work in one of the most outstanding and dynamic places known nationally for excellence in IBD research, where the work you do has a crucial impact on the lives of others?


If your answer is 'yes', please consider this exciting opportunity and apply!

We want to learn more about you and your relevant experience for this role.

Dr. Kathrin Michelsen is searching for a highly motivated Postdoctoral Scientist to be a part of an exciting opportunity within the Inflammatory Bowel and Immunobiology Research Institute (IBIRI) - a multidisciplinary basic, translational and clinical research program devoted to Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.

The focus of the Michelsen Laboratory is in the role of the innate immune system in the development of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). To learn more about the lab under Dr. Michelsen, please visit: https://www.cedars-sinai.org/research/labs/michelsen.html.

As a Postdoctoral Scientist in IBIRI, you will be focused on investigating immune cellular interactions, receptor signaling/function, and immune responses in inflammatory bowel diseases. You will work independently, but in close cooperation and in consultation with the Principal Investigator (PI)and other Research Scientist, the Research Fellow will perform routine and complex laboratory procedures throughout the training period. May develop, adapt, and implement new research techniques and protocols. Analyzes and interpret data. May assist in the preparation of grant proposals. Participates in publications and presentations as author or co-author. Not responsible for generating grant funds.

Note: Scheduling flexibility to include evening, weekend and holiday rotation commitment is required.

Essential and Department-Specific Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Familiar with sample preparation for flow cytometry, data acquisition on the flow cytometer
Data analysis of flow cytometry data
Performs a variety of immunology, autophagy, and molecular biology laboratory tasks and procedures and mouse models of inflammation.
Keeps accurate and detailed project records of experiments and results.
Familiar with mice husbandry and breeding.
Maintains lab equipment and related records.
Performs lab maintenance duties, including glassware cleaning and sterilization.
Maintains stocks of general lab materials, and places orders for lab equipment and supplies.
Assists new students and fellows in the laboratory.
Observes and complies with safety standards and procedures.
#Jobs-LinkedIn #Jobs-Indeed #Jobs-Glassdoor

Educational Requirements:
Doctorate (MD, Ph.D) in Immunology or Microbiology or related areas
Experience:

Independently works on research projects designed by a mentor (typically the PI) within an area of specialization.
Acquires thorough technical and theoretical knowledge of research projects and objectives during one to five (1-5) year post-doctoral appointment.
Demonstrates aptitude to perform experimental protocols and procedures, including detailed data collection, and analysis and operation and maintenance of specialized equipment.
Knowledge of safety standards and maintenance of specialized equipment.",3.9,"Cedars-Sinai
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1902,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
207,Data Quality Analyst,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Quality Analyst

Job Details
Level
Experienced
Position Type
Full Time
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
QA - Quality Control
Position Type: Full time – Exempt

Organization: Technical Services

Department: Data Quality

Reports To: Director of Data Quality

Location & Travel: Salt Lake City, Utah OR Dallas, Texas OR Decatur, Alabama

Posting Dates: 8/27/2020 - 9/27/2020

Position Overview:

The Data Quality Analyst (DQA) works within the Technical Services organization with primary responsibilities include development of data entry templates prior to templates and review of field data after data is collected. This includes management of tasks as assigned in ATLAS and communication with Operations and Technical Services personnel on questions and issues that arise during template development and/or data review. The DQA is responsible for following all documented procedures and work instructions, recording data quality issues in ATLAS and elevating significant issues to the Director of Data Quality.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Must be able to communicate effectively (Primarily internally – Regional Managers, Operation Managers, Analytical Services, Project Managers and Project Scientists)
Develop data entry templates for projects based on test plans and/or proposals
Ensuring correct limits and calculations are entered prior to field use of template; ensuring that example calculations are setup for unique/manipulated test calculations; and communicating with project managers and field team leaders on projects
Conduct data quality analysis of field data. This includes verifying manual data entry, where appropriate, validating calculations, confirming correct limits have been applied and ensuring data is formatted for reporting
Flexibility: Must be available to work outside normal work hours to complete projects
Ability to prioritize and multi-task while remaining focused on all tasks
Attention to detail and other duties as assigned
Required and Desired Skills
Minimum Requirements:

Education – Must have High School Diploma. AS or BS Degree preferred (Science and Engineering related fields ideal)

Experience – Gain working knowledge of 40 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) 60 App. A Methods & Performance Specifications

Certifications – Valid driver’s license, ability to pass a background check and drug screen

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities —Proficient skill level of MS office suite with high proficiency in MS Excel and Access. High level of professionalism with ability to make quality decisions

Physical Requirements – Must be able to meet the physical demands of a typical office environment (sitting/standing

possible light lifting). Must be able to travel to other locations as required.",4.1,"Alliance Source Testing
4.1",United States,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2000,Unknown,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
208,Data Warehouse Engineer,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Apply

Description

The Data Warehouse Engineer gathers and interprets user analytics requirements, then transforms those requirements into dimensional data models. They collaborate with data analysts, data scientists, and other data consumers within the business to gather and populate data warehouse table structures. The Data Warehouse Engineer implements dimensional models, from building the logical model to implementing the physical model and loading the data with ETL. The engineer makes big data easy through intuitive query writing, performance, and integrating BI tool. They run the full DW stack from design through implementation.

Requirements

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:

• Extract use cases and requirements from data warehouse users.

• Work with users to mock up dashboards and proof of concept data models.

• Design dimensional data models that satisfy data requirements and address ease of use and performance.

• Instantiate the dimensional data models on the Snowflake cloud platform.

• Design and build out monitoring and support elements to ensure data quality and timeliness.

QUALIFICATIONS:

• Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent experience.

• Minimum of three years of experience implementing dimensional data models (star schemas).

• Experience dimensional data modeling for data warehousing using star schemas or Snowflake schemas.

• Deep experience with database optimizer paths and data warehouse performance features.

• Experience with building data warehouses on cloud infrastructure preferred.",4.2,"Kount
4.2","Boise, ID",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2007,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
209,Senior Biological Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Axle Informatics is a scientific research and information technology company that offers innovative computer services, informatics, and bioresearch solutions to research centers and healthcare organizations around the globe. With expertise in software engineering, bioinformatics, molecular research, and program management, we focus on developing and applying technological tools and scientific techniques to empower the world of research. We work with some of the top research organizations and facilities in the country including multiple institutes at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).

Job Description

We are looking for a Senior Biological Data Scientist to support projects at the NIH. The position will be based in Rockville, Maryland. We are looking for a skilled and motivated researcher/developer with expertise in image processing, algorithm development, and deep learning. The successful applicant will be involved with developing computational analysis of images and other data acquired in collaboration with scientists, biologists, and/or clinicians across the NIH.

Computational analyses will involve combinatorial assessment of disparate data types (i.e. patient demographics, risk factors, genetic information, 2D and 3D imaging modalities, etc.) into comprehensive classification and regression models. It is desired that the scientist will construct models using a variety of approaches including traditional machine learning (i.e. logistic regression, ridge/lasso regression, random forests, support vector machines, etc.), graph analytics, and deep learning. The scientist should also be familiar with development and optimization for CUDA and/or OpenCL workflows and applications. With an emphasis on developing algorithms that are optimized for hyperthreading and CUDA/OpenCL programming.

The scientist will participate in experimental design, data collection, data analysis and manuscript preparation; assist intramural staff, including students and postdoctoral fellows; stay current with scientific literature; stay informed about new approaches and technologies, including participation in conferences, workshops, and/or formal classroom instruction; independently locate and utilize scientific resources; and co-author peer reviewed publications.

Responsibilities:
Lead scientific-related needs assessment, as well as facilitate the design, building and implementation of IT systems.
Collaborate with biologists, clinicians and core facility members to understand their experimental and technical goals and suggest statistical and IT solutions to better achieve these goals.
Create generalizable code bases for abstracted analysis outside of a single client’s project such that analysis and technical tools developed for one project can be easily adapted for a different but similar problem.
Ability to analyze existing solutions in Python, Matlab, R, and Java (visual basic a plus) and adapt these solutions to a containerized plugin architecture for incorporation into a central tool repository.
Strong interest in contributing to biological and clinical research
Understanding client needs and analyzing, validating and documenting the analysis and system requirements to best address the clients’ need.
Analyze as-is process, develop to-be process, and identify gaps which must be addressed to reach the desired end state.
Act as an expert technical and scientific resource for software development staff in all phases of the development and implementation process
Assess diverse datasets (focused on images but including other data types outlined above) for correlative, clustering, predictive, etc. outcomes.
Qualifications:

The ideal candidate will have:
A PhD degree or equivalent in bioengineering, chemical engineering, computer science, statistics, life sciences, or related fields. Or 6+ years experience in biomedical image analysis.
Published and/or significant publicly available code using one or all the following languages: Python, C++, and/or Java.
Experience in image analysis (registration, segmentation, and/or tracking) in biomedical imaging modalities preferred, though any image set will be considered.
Experience with molecular biology laboratory techniques and informatics methods is preferred though any laboratory experience will be considered.
Experience with large data sets ( >1 TB) and deep learning will be given priority.
Experience implementing systems and supporting non-technical scientific staff
A high level of attention to detail
A strong work ethic, and the ability to design projects within diverse research areas and datasets.
Excellent oral and written communication skills in English, and record keeping skills.
The diversity of Axle’s employees is a tremendous asset. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination based on age, race, gender, religion, national origin, disability, marital status, covered veteran status, sexual orientation, status with respect to public assistance, and other characteristics protected under state, federal, or local law and to deter those who aid, abet, or induce discrimination or coerce others to discriminate.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $52.00 - $63.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Location:
North Bethesda, MD 20852 (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Required travel:
25% (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",3.9,"Axle Informatics
3.9","North Bethesda, MD",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
210,Research Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:

Our Reston office is seeking talented candidates to develop mathematical models and algorithms, develop and demonstrate prototype software, and participate in operational analysis related to their technical work. Our Reston office employs mathematicians, physicists and computer scientists. We routinely apply stochastic processes, statistical inference, optimization and scheduling, models of random graphs and applied physics to develop the underlying theory and applications for our clients. The successful candidate will interact with customers, both onsite and offsite, gather requirements and data, write and present briefings, and contribute to the development of Metron tools.

Projects typically involve developing advanced algorithms implemented in a computer prototype system for our research & development customers. We work in small teams, led by Senior Analysts, who work closely with new employees. Project teams work together from the initial system concept, through software and algorithm design, to implementation and demonstration.

We believe an employee's specific academic training is not as important as their innate ability and willingness to learn new areas of mathematics and work on difficult problems.

Required Qualifications:
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or Operations Research
Some programming experience is preferred (C, C++, Java, Matlab, etc.)
Mathematical, simulation, or physical modeling experience highly desired
US Citizenship required, position will require background investigation to authorize access to classified information

Position Location: Reston, VA

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Metron takes affirmative action in support of its policy to employ and advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor",3.0,"Metron, Inc.
3.0","Reston, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Electrical & Electronic Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
211,"Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist - Saturday - Monday, 6:00am - 6:30pm shift",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist provides leadership support to the technical lab staff. This person is also responsible for being the workflow and troubleshooting point person in the technical lab. This position is primarily responsible for coordinating and conducting day-to-day activities in the laboratory to ensure timely and accurate testing. The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist works directly with the Clinical Laboratory Supervisor to anticipate and resolve issues related to efficiencies in throughput, staffing, and laboratory processes. This position is also responsible for verifying result release and pending list management and investigation. The Lead is expected to spend at approximately half of their time performing laboratory testing on the bench.
Shift: Saturday - Monday, 6:00am - 6:30pm shift
Relocation assistance is provided for this position

Performs highly complex analytic processes without direct supervision. Utilizes routine and specialized automated and non-automated laboratory procedures and/or techniques after completing training and demonstrating competency according to established lab section operating procedures.
Operates laboratory instruments, performance maintenance as needed and ensures proper functioning of laboratory equipment.
Identifies errors and problems, assists in troubleshooting instrument malfunction(s), and may assist service and support in performing preventive and corrective maintenance and repairs on laboratory equipment.
Completes required maintenance activities on equipment, recognizes and elevates potential issues to the team members responsible.
Maintains records and documentation of maintenance.
Calibrates laboratory instruments to ensure accuracy of test results. Performs quality control procedures as specified and maintains quality control records and documentation necessary to meet the standards of accrediting agencies.
Understands appropriate specimen collection, handling, and transport procedures.
Prepares specimens for analysis and determines acceptability of samples within guidelines.
Verifies accuracy, and enters data in the laboratory computer system, along with appropriate explanatory or interpretive information.
Assists the department supervisor in ensuring that all section turn-around times are maintained.
Validates acceptability of test results by review of quality control and all other test parameters.
Identifies the technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes of unexpected test results.
Evaluates and calculates quality control statistics to assess accuracy, reproducibility, and validity of current laboratory methods.
Monitors quality assurance and assists in data collection and preparation of QA indicators.
Performs internal and external proficiency testing. Handles proficiency testing samples in the same manner as patient samples.
Meets work product output expectations.
Understand and assist with Quality Control Specialist in performing lot to lot and analyzer to analyzer testing.
Complies with all safety and hazard regulations as outlined in the Clinical Laboratory Safety Manual and ensures that all employees are following laboratory and regulatory guidelines. Understands, maintains, and enforces safety guidelines.
Utilizes statistical methods to assess laboratory testing.
Observes and demonstrates principles of data security and patient confidentiality.
Maintains ethical standards in the performance of testing and in interactions with patients, co-workers, and other health care professionals.
Performs analytical and decision-making functions without direct supervision.
Prioritizes order of testing based on priority of request, workload, and testing schedules to meet turn-around times. Coordinates general workflow in assigned area daily to ensure workload is satisfied.
Differentiates technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes for unexpected test results.
Resolves and documents resolution of all QC results which fail lab criteria and institutes corrective action.
Evaluates instrument/method failure and determines when back-up methods must be initiated.
Responds to technical questions of laboratory staff and others in Exact Sciences Labs.
Participates in continuing education and staff meetings. Responsible for own professional development.
Assists with training and competency of employees.
Assists with knowledge transfer of changes and additions to laboratory procedures, processes and policies, including methodology and instrument operation.
May be requested to give lectures or provide demonstrations. May assist the education coordinator in the development of objectives, learning activities and evaluation mechanisms.
Provides technical information and/or instruction to clients, new employees, medical students, residents, peers, and the public as requested and where appropriate.
Contributes to design, research, review and writing of laboratory procedures. Remains informed of procedure updates and changes and ensures employees demonstrate knowledge and competency regarding changes.
Primary source of contact for staff in the laboratory area for technical and administrative problem solving.
Conducts check in meetings with members of their respective shift.
Participates in year-end reviews of employees by providing input and delivering the review.
Maintains adequate inventory of reagents and supplies.
Suggests cost-effective laboratory procedures and protocol changes.
Applies step by step thinking, problem solving and critical thinking patterns.
Supervises laboratory personnel as assigned.
Provide specimen processing leadership as needed.
Implements changes as assigned in response to new technology and laboratory procedures.
Reviews daily data reports as requested.
Reports test results through ESSS (Exact Sciences Software System).
Maintains open and effective communication with personnel in work team, and with members of other teams throughout the laboratory.
Demonstrates willingness to cooperate with team members and with cross-functional groups in the laboratory to accomplish timely and accurate testing.
Demonstrates professional demeanor, in personal appearance and behavior, in all work-related interactions inside and outside of the laboratory.
Demonstrates adaptability by embracing changes in the laboratory with a positive attitude.
Provides constructive criticism for modification of laboratory procedures, policies and test/employee scheduling.
Interacts with other healthcare workers to solve problems and interprets patient lab results within the framework of medical technology.
Ability to respond to stakeholder requests in a professional and timely manner.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and strong attention to detail.
Ability to train others on technical concepts and test for understanding.
Position requires work in normal laboratory environment. Special uniform and personal protective equipment are required while working in the laboratory.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to use near vision to view samples at close range.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as hear timers go off, etc.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as communicating with staff, patients, colleagues, and providers.
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as the stress of reporting STAT lab work and performing multiple lab tests simultaneously.
Ability to lift and move 20-40 pounds on an occasional basis (up to 25% of time).
Ability to stand, walk, bend and reach on a regular basis (standing ≈75% of time; sitting ≈25% of time).
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to listen and speak on the telephone and write simultaneously.
Ability to operate telephone system and computer keyboard and mouse.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Clinical Laboratory Science or Medical Technology or in the chemical or biological sciences. Must satisfy the education requirements of the applicable certifying agency, i.e. ASCP.
Possession of appropriate certification at time of hire from one of the nationally recognized certification agencies, i.e. ASCP or state licensure that has been determined to be equivalent, and maintain throughout employment in position.
6+ years relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for Certified Lead roles responsible for testing New York and California samples.
4+ years of relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for the Certified Lead roles that are not responsible for New York or California sample testing.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in molecular testing desired.
#LI-MO1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.1,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.1","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
212,Senior Data Scientist - R&D Oncology,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"At AstraZeneca,we work together to deliver innovative medicines to patients across global boundaries. We make an impact and findsolutionsto challenges. We do this with integrity, even in the most difficult situations,because we are committed to doing the right thing.

Job Description

The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science & Analytics group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

As a Senior Data Scientist you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will develop your leadership skills and apply and develop your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include machine learning models for developing digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Typical Accountabilities
Provides advanced data science expertise to AstraZeneca projects and recommends data science solutions.
Delivers advanced data science solutions to AstraZeneca projects, appropriately communicating with non-technical stakeholders.
Works within established frameworks to deliver a variety of tasks that support projects in meeting their objectives.
Independently keeps own knowledge up to date and learns from senior team members, proposing appropriate training courses for personal development.
Reviews working practices and ensures non-compliant processes are escalated
Ensures own work is compliant within Clinical Development.
Collaborate in a multidisciplinary environment with world leading clinicians, data scientists, biological experts, statisticians and IT professionals.
Education, Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Essential
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Knowledge of range of mathematical and statistical modelling techniques, and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills.
Minimum 2+ years of experience or post doctoral.
Desirable
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry
Communication, business analysis, and consultancy.",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","New York, NY",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
213,"Development Scientist I/II, DNA Amplification",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"New England Biolabs is inviting applications for the position of Development Scientist I. The successful candidate will work on goal-oriented projects within a dynamic group of polymerase/ amplification researchers to identify novel solutions to complex amplification-related challenges. This position offers opportunities to develop novel reagents, engage with customers, attend scientific conferences and learn from technically-and commercially-focused colleagues across the company.

Primary Responsibilities:
Develop and characterize DNA amplification-related technologies, assays, reagents and kits
Collaborate with colleagues across the company (research, production, marketing, etc.) to successfully launch products relevant to current and cutting-edge workflows
Create content for technical and marketing materials
Present findings to internal and external customers/collaborators
Understand and address customer-related technical needs
Required Qualifications and Experience:
Ph.D. in Biochemistry or related field
Strong data analysis and biochemistry/molecular biology experience
Excellent interpersonal skills
Effective verbal and written communication
Scientific enthusiasm and integrity
An ability to balance multiple projects and excel in a team environment
Preferred Qualifications and Experience:
Minimum of 2 years’ experience strongly preferred
New England Biolabs, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer of Minorities, Females, Disabled and Protected Veterans and a participating employer in the Employment Verification (E-Verify) program. More in-depth details of EEO are available here.

If you need an accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a medical condition or disability, please send an email to hr@neb.com or call 978-927-5054 to let us know the nature of your request.",4.9,"New England Biolabs
4.9","Ipswich, MA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
214,"Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist - Tuesday - Friday, 8:00pm - 6:30am shift - $3,000 sign on bonus!",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist provides leadership support to the technical lab staff. This person is also responsible for being the workflow and troubleshooting point person in the technical lab. This position is primarily responsible for coordinating and conducting day-to-day activities in the laboratory to ensure timely and accurate testing. The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist works directly with the Clinical Laboratory Supervisor to anticipate and resolve issues related to efficiencies in throughput, staffing, and laboratory processes. This position is also responsible for verifying result release and pending list management and investigation. The Lead is expected to spend at approximately half of their time performing laboratory testing on the bench.
Shift: Tuesday - Friday, 8:00pm - 6:30am
Relocation assistance is provided for this position

Performs highly complex analytic processes without direct supervision. Utilizes routine and specialized automated and non-automated laboratory procedures and/or techniques after completing training and demonstrating competency according to established lab section operating procedures.
Operates laboratory instruments, performance maintenance as needed and ensures proper functioning of laboratory equipment.
Identifies errors and problems, assists in troubleshooting instrument malfunction(s), and may assist service and support in performing preventive and corrective maintenance and repairs on laboratory equipment.
Completes required maintenance activities on equipment, recognizes and elevates potential issues to the team members responsible.
Maintains records and documentation of maintenance.
Calibrates laboratory instruments to ensure accuracy of test results. Performs quality control procedures as specified and maintains quality control records and documentation necessary to meet the standards of accrediting agencies.
Understands appropriate specimen collection, handling, and transport procedures.
Prepares specimens for analysis and determines acceptability of samples within guidelines.
Verifies accuracy, and enters data in the laboratory computer system, along with appropriate explanatory or interpretive information.
Assists the department supervisor in ensuring that all section turn-around times are maintained.
Validates acceptability of test results by review of quality control and all other test parameters.
Identifies the technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes of unexpected test results.
Evaluates and calculates quality control statistics to assess accuracy, reproducibility, and validity of current laboratory methods.
Monitors quality assurance and assists in data collection and preparation of QA indicators.
Performs internal and external proficiency testing. Handles proficiency testing samples in the same manner as patient samples.
Meets work product output expectations.
Understand and assist with Quality Control Specialist in performing lot to lot and analyzer to analyzer testing.
Complies with all safety and hazard regulations as outlined in the Clinical Laboratory Safety Manual and ensures that all employees are following laboratory and regulatory guidelines. Understands, maintains, and enforces safety guidelines.
Utilizes statistical methods to assess laboratory testing.
Observes and demonstrates principles of data security and patient confidentiality.
Maintains ethical standards in the performance of testing and in interactions with patients, co-workers, and other health care professionals.
Performs analytical and decision-making functions without direct supervision.
Prioritizes order of testing based on priority of request, workload, and testing schedules to meet turn-around times. Coordinates general workflow in assigned area daily to ensure workload is satisfied.
Differentiates technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes for unexpected test results.
Resolves and documents resolution of all QC results which fail lab criteria and institutes corrective action.
Evaluates instrument/method failure and determines when back-up methods must be initiated.
Responds to technical questions of laboratory staff and others in Exact Sciences Labs.
Participates in continuing education and staff meetings. Responsible for own professional development.
Assists with training and competency of employees.
Assists with knowledge transfer of changes and additions to laboratory procedures, processes and policies, including methodology and instrument operation.
May be requested to give lectures or provide demonstrations. May assist the education coordinator in the development of objectives, learning activities and evaluation mechanisms.
Provides technical information and/or instruction to clients, new employees, medical students, residents, peers, and the public as requested and where appropriate.
Contributes to design, research, review and writing of laboratory procedures. Remains informed of procedure updates and changes and ensures employees demonstrate knowledge and competency regarding changes.
Primary source of contact for staff in the laboratory area for technical and administrative problem solving.
Conducts check in meetings with members of their respective shift.
Participates in year-end reviews of employees by providing input and delivering the review.
Maintains adequate inventory of reagents and supplies.
Suggests cost-effective laboratory procedures and protocol changes.
Applies step by step thinking, problem solving and critical thinking patterns.
Supervises laboratory personnel as assigned.
Provide specimen processing leadership as needed.
Implements changes as assigned in response to new technology and laboratory procedures.
Reviews daily data reports as requested.
Reports test results through ESSS (Exact Sciences Software System).
Maintains open and effective communication with personnel in work team, and with members of other teams throughout the laboratory.
Demonstrates willingness to cooperate with team members and with cross-functional groups in the laboratory to accomplish timely and accurate testing.
Demonstrates professional demeanor, in personal appearance and behavior, in all work-related interactions inside and outside of the laboratory.
Demonstrates adaptability by embracing changes in the laboratory with a positive attitude.
Provides constructive criticism for modification of laboratory procedures, policies and test/employee scheduling.
Interacts with other healthcare workers to solve problems and interprets patient lab results within the framework of medical technology.
Ability to respond to stakeholder requests in a professional and timely manner.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and strong attention to detail.
Ability to train others on technical concepts and test for understanding.
Position requires work in normal laboratory environment. Special uniform and personal protective equipment are required while working in the laboratory.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to use near vision to view samples at close range.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as hear timers go off, etc.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as communicating with staff, patients, colleagues, and providers.
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as the stress of reporting STAT lab work and performing multiple lab tests simultaneously.
Ability to lift and move 20-40 pounds on an occasional basis (up to 25% of time).
Ability to stand, walk, bend and reach on a regular basis (standing ≈75% of time; sitting ≈25% of time).
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to listen and speak on the telephone and write simultaneously.
Ability to operate telephone system and computer keyboard and mouse.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Clinical Laboratory Science or Medical Technology or in the chemical or biological sciences. Must satisfy the education requirements of the applicable certifying agency, i.e. ASCP.
Possession of appropriate certification at time of hire from one of the nationally recognized certification agencies, i.e. ASCP or state licensure that has been determined to be equivalent, and maintain throughout employment in position.
6+ years relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for Certified Lead roles responsible for testing New York and California samples.
4+ years of relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for the Certified Lead roles that are not responsible for New York or California sample testing.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in molecular testing desired.
#LI-MO1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.1,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.1","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
215,"Data Scientist II, Product Analytics",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Opportunity


At Livongo, data is at the heart of our culture of innovation. We're looking for a Data Science analytics team member to collaborate with Product Management and Marketing as we work toward optimizing our UX and messaging.

As a Data Scientist, Product Analytics your main focus will be to measure member experience and guide product decisions, ultimately making Livongo's products more valuable, delightful and intuitive to our Members. We're looking for someone with at least 2 years of experience in Data Analytics. In addition to technical data science skills, core competencies such as collaboration, decision-making, communication and flexibility will be key to your success.

This role offers the challenge and excitement of converting data analysis into real-life benefits. Come help us break new ground, while measurably improving lives and saving millions in healthcare costs.

Responsibilities
Provide insights about our products and member experience to inform Product teams for roadmap and feature decisions
Conduct exploratory analysis and develop statistical models to answer key product usage and engagement questions
Help Product and Marketing teams use experimentation (A/B testing) and cohorting to test assumptions and launch new marketing campaigns, features and product releases
Partner with Product teams to define and benchmark metrics for new features launches and initiatives and help create a culture of measurement
Candidate Profile
2+ years of work experience in product/data analytics or a related discipline
Data science experience (SQL, Python, R) and familiarity with managing large data sets
A general knowledge of machine learning approaches is a plus.
The ability to collaborate and communicate with Product Managers and help them craft hypotheses, and define and measure KPIs
Confidence working with ambiguity, unknown variables, and missing context (and the ability to find ways to bridge those gaps when necessary)
A self-starter approach, with strong motivation and drive for excellence
BS degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related filed in lieu of degree, relevant work experience and/or trade school
Why Join Livongo?


The Transformative Name in Healthcare: The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Livongo is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered.

Our Work Truly Matters: Livongo's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier.

Make an Impact: Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Livongo's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives.

The Largest Digital Health IPO in History: We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services.

Focus on PEOPLE: Livongo has been voted one of the Best Places to Work in healthcare, by Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment.

Diversity and Inclusion: At Livongo we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.

Growth and Innovation: We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.

See photos, watch videos and learn more about Livongo: follow us on Glassdoor.

#LivongoIPO #appliedhealthsignals

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind.",4.7,"Livongo
4.7","Mountain View, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2014,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
216,"Computational Biologist / Data Scientist, Oncology",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"15-Sep-2020

Job ID
302852BR
{""QuestionName"":""Job Description"",""AnswerValue"":""1 purpose...to reimagine medicine! Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, Inc. (NIBR) is seeking a computational biologist / bioinformatics analyst to join the Novartis Oncology Data Science Team. Oncology Data Science provides computational biology expertise to NIBR Oncology, from target ID through clinical development, for both targeted and immune therapies. We apply cutting edge technologies and analytical approaches to elucidate the molecular basis for therapeutic response in individual cancer patients. Using sequencing data generated from thousands of Novartis oncology clinical trial samples, we bring hypotheses from biomarker discovery to bear on drug discovery and development.

We are seeking a highly motivated bioinformatics scientist to perform analysis of next-generation sequencing data (e.g bulk and single cell RNA-sequencing, tumor and cell-free DNA-sequencing) from clinical trial samples. The successful candidate will work collaboratively with computational biologists and clinical trial teams and will contribute to the interpretation of candidate biomarkers. Specific job responsibilities include:

•Supporting genomic biomarker profiling studies in oncology clinical trials
•Designing and performing analyses of genomic data (gene expression and genetic variation) and clinical variables to test and discover biomarkers for response and resistance to therapy
•Implementing and developing innovative analytical approaches with translational impact for clinical genomic data
•Providing biological interpretation of biomarkers
•Performing assessment of quality control metrics
•Communicating key findings and biological context to clinical trial teams

Posting Title
Computational Biologist / Data Scientist, Oncology",4.0,"Novartis
4.0","Cambridge, MA",-1,10000+ Employees,1996,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
217,Data Scientist -,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our Mission
We’re here to create a safer, happier and more mindful future for all with the help of data science, engineering, design, and mobile technology. We're starting by reinventing insurance, by rethinking the technologies that enable it, but our true goal is to build a platform that rewards people for driving well — creating safer roads with fewer accidents in the process.

Backed by impressive funding, we're poised to re-engineer a trillion-dollar category. We’re using rich customer insights, advanced technology and data science to build our cloud-native InsurTech solution. We're out to change behavior and promote mindful living.

Job Requirements
You must have all the skills and experiences associated with one of the options below. These options change over time and reflect the current needs of the team.
Option one - Telematics ML
Machine learning: Kaggle grandmaster-level skills with history of deploying models to production
Telematics experience: You have led telematics modeling at a major company known for telematics
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
Option two - Telematics DL
Deep learning: Experience contributing new deep learning research to solve previously unsolved problems
Telematics experience: You have led telematics modeling at a major company known for telematics
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
Option Three - Contact Center Optimization
Contact center knowledge: You are an expert at using data science methods to optimize contact centers
Machine learning: Strong understanding of ML theory with significant applied experience
Software development in Python: Strong scientific Python skills using pandas, scikit-learn, and statsmodels, as well as strong understanding of model deployment patterns
More details
Salary: We invest in first-rate people and pay top-of-market salaries for most positions, factoring in experience, talent and location. We do not offer equity.
Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, 401(k), wellness reimbursement, four weeks of vacation + six weeks of parental leave, and great work-life balance. Our office building offers on-site shower and bike stalls, and panoramic views of San Francisco.
Location: Due to COVID-19 our teams are all working remotely through 2020. We provide an in-home office set-up including laptop, monitor, ergonomic desk, chair and other items as needed
Location: Post COVID-19: San Francisco, CA near Montgomery Bart Station
All are welcome at Blue Owl. We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer who values diversity and inclusion and looks for applicants who understand, embrace and thrive in a multicultural world. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you are a San Francisco resident, please read the City and County of San Francisco's Fair Chance Ordinance notice.
https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf",4.5,"Blue Owl
4.5","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
218,Laboratory Associate Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Laboratory Associate Scientist

TC Transcontinental, Making Impressions Count

TC Transcontinental is a leader in flexible packaging in North America, and Canada’s largest printer. The Corporation is also the leading Canadian French-language educational publishing group. For over 40 years, TC Transcontinental’s story has been one of innovation and transformation to meet our customers’ evolving needs. Our strong family values, entrepreneurial spirit and long-term vision have always been at the heart of our success. With our 3 business segments in Packaging, Print and Media, we continue to optimize, transform and grow while making impressions that count!

TC Transcontinental Packaging brings a distinctive blend of science, technology, and art together to create flexible packaging that preserves our customers' products and accentuates their brands on the store shelf. The Packaging sector has over 4,000 employees and 29 production facilities worldwide. We specialize in extrusion, lamination, flexographic printing and converting of plastic and paper products. You will join a high-performing team that is passionate about creating the perfect package, no matter what industry.

About this opportunity

Transcontinental Packaging seeks a candidate for an Associate Scientist in its R&D Laboratory Services Group supporting the flexible packaging business initiatives of the company. The successful candidate will characterize raw materials, film structures and processes using chemical, structural, and physical property analysis. The candidate will bring together knowledge of material science and chemistry to assist in the completion of business goals. Laboratory testing includes molecular spectroscopy, thermal analysis, gas barrier testing, surface analysis, microscopy, chromatography and extensive physical strength and performance testing. The position supports all aspects of the business including the R&D trials, R&D capital projects, customer technical support and manufacturing.

What you will do
Independently conduct testing of materials, product structures, finished packages following established procedures and methods.
Understand and interpret chemical characterization including molecular spectroscopy, chromatography, microscopy, permeation and related testing.
Operate and maintain laboratory equipment and instrumentation following specific procedures and quality control measures.
Effectively communicate with internal and external customers to understand the testing objective, discuss results and develop testing strategies to obtain answers and required information.
Develop new methods and technology to characterize packaging structures and materials. Follow advances in chemical and materials sciences to support current and future business needs.
Accurately document, interpret, and report conclusions and results to ensure that the proper procedures are employed.
Challenge data and unexpected outcomes.
Support and contribute to a healthy and safe work environment by following all workplace regulations, policies, and initiatives, including reporting all first aid injuries, accidents, and workplace hazards.

What you have to offer
Bachelor’s degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering or Material Science with a minimum of 5 years of related industry experience or
Master’s degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering or Materials Science with a minimum of 2 years related industry experience industry experience
Proven ability to solve problems using multiple testing strategies and industrial forensic techniques utilizing a wide variety of inputs and results.
Detail oriented with strong analytical skills and an ability to question data and unexpected outcomes
Good working knowledge of operation and maintenance of lab equipment.
Demonstrated effective interpersonal, written and oral communication skills
Interest in and capacity for leadership growth and development
Willingness to travel up to 10%
Ability to work remotely, as needed
What we have to offer
Opportunity to be part of a dynamic and highly motivating work environment where you can develop your potential and launch an exciting career;
Opportunities where your input makes a difference. A competitive compensation package, 401K plan and flexible benefits that are customizable to you and your family’s needs];
Employee perks such as discounts from suppliers on various products and services such as insurance, wireless bundles, travel, and much more.

Learn more about us
https://www.facebook.com/tc.transcontinental/
https://twitter.com/TCTranscontinen
https://www.linkedin.com/company-beta/7331
https://www.youtube.com/user/1Transcontinental
talent@tc.tc
#INDUS",3.1,"TC Transcontinental
3.1","Menasha, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Public,Publishing,Media,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
219,Data Integrator/Data Engineer,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Responsibilities: Perform system data integration/ engineering; studies; process mapping and automation; and must be adept at wrangling unstructured and poorly structured data into appropriate data structures. Provide JSOC J8 with the ability to develop data architectures that improve automation, processes, data flow and analyses. Serve to enhance the J8 Research and Analysis Division’s capability to formulate overall scope, establish objectives, formulate methodologies, and coordinate fusion of data science, data architecture, data visualization, and data management.

Education: BS degree or above preferred in Mathematics, Data Analytics, Statistics, Operations Research, computer science, Systems or Industrial Engineering.

Experience/Skills/Abilities:

Required: At least two years of experience working as a Systems Integrator, Data Engineer, or similar position demonstrating the ability to design and implement automation, data modeling, data wrangling, data analysis, and data vision solutions to complex problems, processes, and scenarios. Familiarity with common data structures and languages, e.g., SQL, JSON, Elastic Search.

Desired: Experience working with SOF, interagency working groups, national agencies, DOD agencies, combatant commands or academic organizations; experience with cloud computing, distributed data systems, and no-host application technologies and disciplines.

Tools/Programming: Proficient: Python, R, SQL, and MS Office

Basic familiarity / additional competencies: HTTP, HTML, JS, CSS, VBA, SharePoint, Visio and MS Power BI

Travel: Contractor can expect to work 80% from home station and up to 20% OCONUS

Security Clearance:

Current DOD Top Secret clearance highly desired and discriminator; Minimum current DOD SECRET Clearance Required.

Job Type: Full-time

License:
Current Secret or Top Secret Clearance (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement",3.8,"RDR, Inc.
3.8","Fort Bragg, NC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1986,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
220,Senior Data Scientist / Associate Principle Data Scientist,$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you want to join us and apply machine learning to tackle difficult problems in biotechnology drug development? As an AI Scientist, you can play a pivotal role in a rapidly growing team analyzing and manipulating various types of biomedical datasets and generating the insights from our complex data that brings innovative medicines to patients.

About AstraZeneca in Gaithersburg, MD:

Our Gaithersburg, Maryland facility creates life-changing medicines for people around the world. This campus employs more than 3,500 experts in our field and is only a short drive from Washington, DC. This modern and vibrant scientific campus is the home of R&D and Oncology in the US. Here, we play host to some of the most cutting-edge technology and lab spaces, all designed to inspire collaboration and cross-functional science. We believe employees benefit from being challenged and inspired at work. We are dedicated to creating a culture of inclusion and collaboration.

The Gaithersburg site offers a variety of amenities to help boost productivity and help keep our employees happy and healthy. This includes a fitness center, employee healthcare clinic, electric vehicle charging stations, dry cleaning, full-service cafeteria and copy center. This is where youll find newly-designed, activity-based work spaces to suit a range of working styles while increasing collaboration between teams.

Summary of the group:

The Data Science and Modeling team within AstraZenecas Biopharmaceutical Development (BPD) group applies sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve some of the hardest problems in the development of biological medicinal products. The team uses a blend of scientific, problem solving, and quantitative skills to develop and deliver ground breaking methods addressing critical problems in bioproduct development.

Our team of data scientists work right next to biotechnology scientists and operational teams, allowing them direct influence on the questions, the design of the corresponding studies and real time access to the resulting data. Biopharmaceutical Development has more than 20 years of experience with biotherapeutics, has brought more than 100 molecules to the clinic and has launched 6 new therapies. Together we seek to:
Improve our understanding of disease and uncovering new targets
Transform R&D processes
Speed the design and delivery of new medicines for patients
Main Duties & Responsibilities:
Develop, implement and support modelling solutions for the AI ecosystem for bioprocess optimization including integrating data from multiple different sources and modalities, as well as the application of classification, regression, clustering, image analysis, or graph theory and other specialist techniques
Researching and developing predictive models and computational methods to guide decision-making within project parameters and established approaches
Translate unstructured, business problems into the appropriate data problem, model and analytical solutions
Perform AI research, including establishment of hypotheses that can be approached using computational methods and tools. May present or publish findings for conferences and in peer reviewed journals
Build effective relationships with established range of stakeholders to ensure utilization and value of information resources and services. Clearly and objectively communicate results, as well as their associated uncertainties and limitations within agreed frameworks
Develop, maintain and apply ongoing knowledge and awareness in trends, standard methodology and new developments in analytics and data science
Education & Experience Requirements:

Senior Data Scientist - Graduate Degree in mathematics, computer science, physics, statistics, engineering, or a related quantitative discipline.

Associate Principle Data Scientist - Graduate Degree in mathematics, computer science, physics, statistics, engineering, or a related quantitative discipline AND 4+ years of related industry experience.

Required Skills:
Knowledge of modern data science approaches, including unsupervised and supervised classification and regression algorithms. May also have expertise in advanced statistical modelling, or broader aspects of applied mathematics such as dynamical systems or optimization.
Algorithm design, development, optimization, scaling and applications
Data modeling experience with sequential data such as signals, sequences, and time series.
Predictive modeling: Classification and Regression
R, Python/Julia Programming experience, SQL Querying
Stakeholder management and effective communication of the results and models
Desired Skills:
Understanding and familiarity with deep learning algorithms for RNN, CNN, or reinforcement learning for sequential data modeling
Recommendation systems
CNN for Image analysis and processing
AWS storage and services
Excellent problem solving, written and verbal communication, business analysis, and consultancy skills
Why AstraZeneca?

At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognising their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organisation to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means were opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.

So, whats next!

Are you ready to bring new ideas and fresh thinking to the table? Brilliant! We have one seat available and we hope its yours.

Where can I find out more?

Check out our landing page for more information on our BPD group https://careers.astrazeneca.com/bpd

Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/

Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/

Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
221,"Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist - Monday - Friday, 6:00am - 2:30pm shift",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist provides leadership support to the technical lab staff. This person is also responsible for being the workflow and troubleshooting point person in the technical lab. This position is primarily responsible for coordinating and conducting day-to-day activities in the laboratory to ensure timely and accurate testing. The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist works directly with the Clinical Laboratory Supervisor to anticipate and resolve issues related to efficiencies in throughput, staffing, and laboratory processes. This position is also responsible for verifying result release and pending list management and investigation. The Lead is expected to spend at approximately half of their time performing laboratory testing on the bench.
Shift: Monday - Friday, 6:00am - 2:30pm shift

Performs highly complex analytic processes without direct supervision. Utilizes routine and specialized automated and non-automated laboratory procedures and/or techniques after completing training and demonstrating competency according to established lab section operating procedures.
Operates laboratory instruments, performance maintenance as needed and ensures proper functioning of laboratory equipment.
Identifies errors and problems, assists in troubleshooting instrument malfunction(s), and may assist service and support in performing preventive and corrective maintenance and repairs on laboratory equipment.
Completes required maintenance activities on equipment, recognizes and elevates potential issues to the team members responsible.
Maintains records and documentation of maintenance.
Calibrates laboratory instruments to ensure accuracy of test results. Performs quality control procedures as specified and maintains quality control records and documentation necessary to meet the standards of accrediting agencies.
Understands appropriate specimen collection, handling, and transport procedures.
Prepares specimens for analysis and determines acceptability of samples within guidelines.
Verifies accuracy, and enters data in the laboratory computer system, along with appropriate explanatory or interpretive information.
Assists the department supervisor in ensuring that all section turn-around times are maintained.
Validates acceptability of test results by review of quality control and all other test parameters.
Identifies the technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes of unexpected test results.
Evaluates and calculates quality control statistics to assess accuracy, reproducibility, and validity of current laboratory methods.
Monitors quality assurance and assists in data collection and preparation of QA indicators.
Performs internal and external proficiency testing. Handles proficiency testing samples in the same manner as patient samples.
Meets work product output expectations.
Understand and assist with Quality Control Specialist in performing lot to lot and analyzer to analyzer testing.
Complies with all safety and hazard regulations as outlined in the Clinical Laboratory Safety Manual and ensures that all employees are following laboratory and regulatory guidelines. Understands, maintains, and enforces safety guidelines.
Utilizes statistical methods to assess laboratory testing.
Observes and demonstrates principles of data security and patient confidentiality.
Maintains ethical standards in the performance of testing and in interactions with patients, co-workers, and other health care professionals.
Performs analytical and decision-making functions without direct supervision.
Prioritizes order of testing based on priority of request, workload, and testing schedules to meet turn-around times. Coordinates general workflow in assigned area daily to ensure workload is satisfied.
Differentiates technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes for unexpected test results.
Resolves and documents resolution of all QC results which fail lab criteria and institutes corrective action.
Evaluates instrument/method failure and determines when back-up methods must be initiated.
Responds to technical questions of laboratory staff and others in Exact Sciences Labs.
Participates in continuing education and staff meetings. Responsible for own professional development.
Assists with training and competency of employees.
Assists with knowledge transfer of changes and additions to laboratory procedures, processes and policies, including methodology and instrument operation.
May be requested to give lectures or provide demonstrations. May assist the education coordinator in the development of objectives, learning activities and evaluation mechanisms.
Provides technical information and/or instruction to clients, new employees, medical students, residents, peers, and the public as requested and where appropriate.
Contributes to design, research, review and writing of laboratory procedures. Remains informed of procedure updates and changes and ensures employees demonstrate knowledge and competency regarding changes.
Primary source of contact for staff in the laboratory area for technical and administrative problem solving.
Conducts check in meetings with members of their respective shift.
Participates in year-end reviews of employees by providing input and delivering the review.
Maintains adequate inventory of reagents and supplies.
Suggests cost-effective laboratory procedures and protocol changes.
Applies step by step thinking, problem solving and critical thinking patterns.
Supervises laboratory personnel as assigned.
Provide specimen processing leadership as needed.
Implements changes as assigned in response to new technology and laboratory procedures.
Reviews daily data reports as requested.
Reports test results through ESSS (Exact Sciences Software System).
Maintains open and effective communication with personnel in work team, and with members of other teams throughout the laboratory.
Demonstrates willingness to cooperate with team members and with cross-functional groups in the laboratory to accomplish timely and accurate testing.
Demonstrates professional demeanor, in personal appearance and behavior, in all work-related interactions inside and outside of the laboratory.
Demonstrates adaptability by embracing changes in the laboratory with a positive attitude.
Provides constructive criticism for modification of laboratory procedures, policies and test/employee scheduling.
Interacts with other healthcare workers to solve problems and interprets patient lab results within the framework of medical technology.
Ability to respond to stakeholder requests in a professional and timely manner.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and strong attention to detail.
Ability to train others on technical concepts and test for understanding.
Position requires work in normal laboratory environment. Special uniform and personal protective equipment are required while working in the laboratory.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to use near vision to view samples at close range.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as hear timers go off, etc.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as communicating with staff, patients, colleagues, and providers.
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as the stress of reporting STAT lab work and performing multiple lab tests simultaneously.
Ability to lift and move 20-40 pounds on an occasional basis (up to 25% of time).
Ability to stand, walk, bend and reach on a regular basis (standing ≈75% of time; sitting ≈25% of time).
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to listen and speak on the telephone and write simultaneously.
Ability to operate telephone system and computer keyboard and mouse.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Clinical Laboratory Science or Medical Technology or in the chemical or biological sciences. Must satisfy the education requirements of the applicable certifying agency, i.e. ASCP.
Possession of appropriate certification at time of hire from one of the nationally recognized certification agencies, i.e. ASCP or state licensure that has been determined to be equivalent, and maintain throughout employment in position.
6+ years relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for Certified Lead roles responsible for testing New York and California samples.
4+ years of relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for the Certified Lead roles that are not responsible for New York or California sample testing.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in molecular testing desired.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.1,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.1","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
222,"Scientist/Senior Scientist, Translational Genetics",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description: * Empirico, an early-stage biotechnology company, is looking for a scientist-level computational geneticist experienced in analyzing and interpreting large scale human genetics data for the purpose of therapeutic target discovery. This is an excellent opportunity for a highly-motivated, creative scientist to be a vital member of a team of experts dedicated to identifying new disease targets and translating those insights into therapeutic programs.
Responsibilities:

Your responsibilities will include using human genetics data to identify new therapeutic targets in order to advance Empirico’s drug discovery and development pipeline. You will be expected to:
Work with a multidisciplinary team consisting of human geneticists, biologists, bioinformaticians and software engineers to assist in the design, execution, and interpretation of in silico genetics studies
Utilize existing knowledge and develop expertise in the biology and pathophysiology of identified targets and relevant diseases
Translate findings from genetic studies into therapeutic hypotheses and contribute to decisions around therapeutic modality and targeting strategies
Collaborate with biologists and chemists on the design of in vitro and in vivo experiments to validate therapeutic hypotheses that are motivated by human genetics findings
Survey the latest developments in the broader genetics community and incorporate relevant approaches for internal studies
Provide novel ideas and critical thinking for the continued development and improvement of Empirico’s target discovery platform
Communicate and report genetic findings and analyses with colleagues, collaborators, investors and through peer-reviewed publication
Requirements:
This position requires an MD or PhD with 0-3 years of postgraduate experience in human genetics research with a translational focus. Recent graduates and postdocs encouraged to apply.
Demonstrated ability to design and interpret human genetics studies and to discern therapeutic hypotheses
A firm understanding of the principles of statistical genetics and genetic epidemiology
Familiarity with the design of functional studies to understand the mechanistic basis for genetic associations
Applicants must have authorization to work in the U.S.
Empirico is a venture-backed, next-generation therapeutics company founded on utilizing huge biological datasets, human genetics and programmable biology to power novel target discovery and development. Empirico’s Precision Insights Platform was purpose-built for therapeutic discovery and leverages a world-leading dataset and advanced algorithmic approaches to identify and prioritize therapeutic targets with a high probability of translational success. High priority therapeutic targets are experimentally validated in-house prior to progressing through pre-clinical development with the most optimal therapeutic modality. Empirico is headquartered in San Diego, CA with laboratories in Madison, WI.

To all agencies: Please do not contact any employee of Empirico about this position. All resumes submitted by agencies to any employee of Empirico via-email or in any form and by any method will be deemed the sole property of Empirico, unless such agencies were engaged by Empirico for this position and a valid agreement is in place.

Empirico is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
human genetics / translational: 1 year (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Relocation assistance
Paid time off
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture",-1,Empirico Inc.,"San Diego, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
223,"Associate Scientist, Automation",$83k-$137k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Associate Scientist is responsible for the daily manufacturing of custom oligonucleotides, participating in the development of manufacturing procedures and processes, and fostering a culture of safety and quality. The associate scientist collaborates in daily production scheduling, priorities, reporting workloads and priorities to management, troubleshooting equipment, processes, and product, and ensuring instrumentation readiness within the manufacturing space.

Areas of Responsibility:

Heavily Participates in oligo manufacturing processes in order to meet production deadlines and KPIs
Utilizes manufacturing process knowledge and investigational skills to identify and resolve manufacturing issues and implement continuous improvement in process operations.
Participates in cross functional teams to drive investigation close outs, determine root causes and implement appropriate corrective and preventative actions.
Participates in troubleshooting and monitoring of production equipment.
Able to coordinate complex manufacturing projects
Provide project progress to management on a regular basis.
Capable of operating and manufacturing product on all instruments in immediate work area.
Effectively communicate and coordinate with internal and external suppliers, production team members and production managers to assure the most efficient use of time and resources; initiating and fostering a spirit of cooperation within and between departments.
Review processes and write appropriate controlled documents as needed.
Participates in the development and documentation of new processes to be used in the synthesis and purification of custom oligonucleotides.
Analyzes raw data, organizes results and plans project steps accordingly.
Maintains accurate and complete records for development and experimental projects and results.
Independent decision making and exercise independent judgement and discretion.
Performs training of production team members on new processes.
Acts as a scientific resource for teams within the custom manufacturing group.
Proactively interface with production group and internal customers to identify and implement areas of continuous improvement.
Responsible for the safe use of hazardous chemicals in a manufacturing environment on a daily basis
Supply regular feedback to management on the status of instrumentation and process.

Other Skills and Abilities:

Professional presence and strong attention to detail
Technical proficiency that enables effective participation of the production process
Strong communication and problem solving abilities

CA1

Qualifications

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in the Life Sciences or Chemistry, 3+ years of industry experience position and/or demonstrates proficiency to meet the requirements of an Associate Scientist, Oligo Manufacturing Sciences

Mathematical Skills:

Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Capable of calculating equivalents

Computer Skills:

Microsoft Office, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel.

Use of a web browser.

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit ergonomically correctly; use hands to finger, handle or feel, ability to talk and/or hear. The employee is required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 30 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 30 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to focus. Repetitive motion with word processing and data entry. Heavy phone use.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

This role has occasional handling of hazardous chemicals.

Safety/Personal Protective Equipment (PPE):

Adhere to company safety policy and PPE policy.",-1,LGC Limited,"Petaluma, CA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
224,Senior Data Scientist 4 Artificial Intelligence,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"*Organization and Job ID**
Job ID: 311095

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics
*Job Description**
Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of todays most challenging problems that face our Nation? Do you want to work with engaging and collaborative teams? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNLs National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to AI assurance, remote sensing and geo-spatial analytics, human language technologies, computer vision, and other related fields.

+ The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

+ Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

+ Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, adversarial machine learning, social computing, computer vision, etc.

+ Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.
*Minimum Qualifications**
+ Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
*Preferred Qualifications**
+ Active Federal Q Clearance and ability to maintain such clearance.
*Equal Employment Opportunity**
Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.
*_Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from participation in certain foreign government talent recruitment programs. If you are offered a position at PNNL and are currently a participant in a foreign government talent recruitment program you will be required to disclose this information before your first day of employment._**
*Other Information**
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).
Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

_Directorate:_ _National Security_

_Job Category:_ _Scientists/Scientific Support_

_Group:_ _Data Sciences & Analytics_

_Opening Date:_ _2020-08-23_

_Closing Date:_ _2020-11-21_",3.8,"Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
3.8","Richland, WA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1965,Government,Energy,"Oil, Gas, Energy & Utilities",$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
225,Lead Data Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"About City of Hope

City of Hope, an innovative biomedical research, treatment and educational institution with over 6000 employees, is dedicated to the prevention and cure of cancer and other life-threatening diseases and guided by a compassionate, patient-centered philosophy.

Founded in 1913 and headquartered in Duarte, California, City of Hope is a remarkable non-profit institution, where compassion and advanced care go hand-in-hand with excellence in clinical and scientific research. City of Hope is a National Cancer Institute designated Comprehensive Cancer Center and a founding member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network, an alliance of the nations leading cancer centers that develops and institutes standards of care for cancer treatment.

Position Summary

The Lead Clinical Decision Support Data Scientist will lead the development of data-driven clinical decision support tools through predictive analytics to optimize clinical care processes. The individual will partner with department leaders and clinical end users to understand and prioritize the pain points and work with the data science team and IT team to strategize, develop and deliver decision support tools at point of care.

Key Responsibilities include:
Collaborate with administrative leaders, clinicians and IT specialists to support data strategy and execution for research and clinical projects.
Lead decision support data science team in developing high quality, robust and reliable algorithms for real time monitoring and decision support tools.
Plan, resource, strategize and manage clinical decision support projects
Query and analyze large datasets from multiple systems
Evaluate different methodologies and data sources for the best approach to solve data science problems
Design and implement machine learning algorithms for predictive models
Design and implement pilots for validation and optimization of models in real time
Strategize and manage moving decision support tools into production environment
Plan, resource and manage optimization and maintenance of predictive models in production
Produce technical documentation to clearly define and explain different phases of decision support projects
Produce data visualizations and presentations to present the progress and results of the decision support projects to leadership and end users, as well as external conferences and meetings
Prepare scientific manuscripts, posters and abstracts for publication in journals and conferences
Lead mentorship activities, training, and professional growth development for the Clinical Data Science team.
Lead sessions and meetings to drive analytics roadmap and long-term strategy to develop health learning system.
Lead the clinical data science team and inspire innovative thinking in the analytics space and advise on current project work.
Recruit, motivate and develop members of the data science team
Develop best practices for scoping, building, validating and monitoring data science projects.
Follows established City of Hope and department policies, procedures, objectives, performance improvement, attendance, safety, environmental, and infection control guidelines, including adherence to the workplace Code of Conduct and Compliance Plan. Practices a high level of integrity and honesty in maintaining confidentiality.
Performs other related duties as assigned or requested.
Qualifications
Basic education, experience and skills required for consideration:
Masters in computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics, physics or related field
8+ years of experience with data analytics within industry, developing and successfully implementing statistical and machine learning models for data mining, classification, prediction and decision support.
3+ years of experience with decision trees
Strong leadership skills with 2+ years of experience leading a technical team
2+ years of industry experience
Preferred Education:
PhD
Skills/Abilities:
Experience with project management tools (Jira preferred)
Experience with relational databases and SQL programming
Must be knowledgeable in at least one of the statistical and analytic languages such as Python (e.g. pandas, scikit-learn, genism, seaborn), R (e.g. caret, dplyr, ggplot2), Matlab
Proficiency in at least one programming language (e.g. Python, Java, C)
Ability to work independently and use creative approaches to problem- solving.
Capable of turning questions into testable hypotheses, extracting data from complex databases, creating and evaluating statistical models
Experience in data visualization and ability to communicate results to a non-technical audience
Ability to maintain a professional attitude and demeanor during normal and pressure situations.
Demonstration of effective oral/written communication and presentation skills.
Able to prioritize, organize, assess and reallocate work in order to meet deadlines.
Familiarity with a health care environment and EHR data
Time series analysis
Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Gradient boosted tree libraries such as XGBoost and LightGBM
Deep neural networks
Cloud services platforms like Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure
Awareness of the recent trends and developments in the Data Science / Machine Learning fields
City of Hope is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.

#LI-DQ",3.4,"City of Hope
3.4","Irwindale, CA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1913,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
226,Intern - Project Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Intern - Chemist / Scientist
The ideal candidate will possess an academic background in physics, chemistry, or related discipline, with good knowledge of lab principles and practices. A background in instrumentation is essential. The candidate will be responsible for preparing test articles, collection of data, analysis of results, and effective record-keeping and communication.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Research and Development with analytical instruments
Learn and implement techniques for sample collection and introduction
Evaluate instrument performance, analyze data, and report test results
Test and evaluate breadboard designs to enhance performance
Work closely with other internal groups and external resources to enhance development of instrumentation
Attention to detail and precise record-keeping
Other duties may be assigned

QUALIFICATIONS:
This individual must be a motivated individual with the ability to learn and implement techniques
relating to detection of chemical agents and trace explosive residue. This includes, but not limited to sample collection, desorption, transport, ionization, detection, and analysis. This individual shall also be capable of working independently with reliable record-keeping and communication.
Education and/or Experience:
Degree or working toward a degree in Physics, Chemistry, or equivalent
Two years hands-on experience with instrumentation desirable
Computer Skills:
Standard MS office proficiency
Capability to quickly learn new Bruker developed SW programs
Programming for test and evaluation is a plus
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations:
N/A
Other Skills and Abilities:
Familiarity with Ion Mobility Spectrometry and Mass Spectrometry helpful
At least two-years’ experience with instrumentation such as IMS or MS desired
General chemical lab expertise
Other Qualifications:
US citizenship required. The ability to obtain and retain a US security clearance is a must.
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Must be a team player with good people skills
Bruker is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
Certain positions at Bruker require compliance with export control laws and as a result, all interviewed candidates for all positions will be screened pre-interview to determine their eligibility in light of export control restrictions.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
Office and R&D lab environment
Some travel required",3.3,"Bruker Corporation
3.3","Billerica, MA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1960,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
227,"Associate Scientist, Automation",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Associate Scientist is responsible for the daily manufacturing of custom oligonucleotides, participating in the development of manufacturing procedures and processes, and fostering a culture of safety and quality. The associate scientist collaborates in daily production scheduling, priorities, reporting workloads and priorities to management, troubleshooting equipment, processes, and product, and ensuring instrumentation readiness within the manufacturing space.

Areas of Responsibility:

Heavily Participates in oligo manufacturing processes in order to meet production deadlines and KPIs
Utilizes manufacturing process knowledge and investigational skills to identify and resolve manufacturing issues and implement continuous improvement in process operations.
Participates in cross functional teams to drive investigation close outs, determine root causes and implement appropriate corrective and preventative actions.
Participates in troubleshooting and monitoring of production equipment.
Able to coordinate complex manufacturing projects
Provide project progress to management on a regular basis.
Capable of operating and manufacturing product on all instruments in immediate work area.
Effectively communicate and coordinate with internal and external suppliers, production team members and production managers to assure the most efficient use of time and resources; initiating and fostering a spirit of cooperation within and between departments.
Review processes and write appropriate controlled documents as needed.
Participates in the development and documentation of new processes to be used in the synthesis and purification of custom oligonucleotides.
Analyzes raw data, organizes results and plans project steps accordingly.
Maintains accurate and complete records for development and experimental projects and results.
Independent decision making and exercise independent judgement and discretion.
Performs training of production team members on new processes.
Acts as a scientific resource for teams within the custom manufacturing group.
Proactively interface with production group and internal customers to identify and implement areas of continuous improvement.
Responsible for the safe use of hazardous chemicals in a manufacturing environment on a daily basis
Supply regular feedback to management on the status of instrumentation and process.

Other Skills and Abilities:

Professional presence and strong attention to detail
Technical proficiency that enables effective participation of the production process
Strong communication and problem solving abilities

CA1

Qualifications

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in the Life Sciences or Chemistry, 3+ years of industry experience position and/or demonstrates proficiency to meet the requirements of an Associate Scientist, Oligo Manufacturing Sciences

Mathematical Skills:

Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Capable of calculating equivalents

Computer Skills:

Microsoft Office, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel.

Use of a web browser.

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit ergonomically correctly; use hands to finger, handle or feel, ability to talk and/or hear. The employee is required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 30 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 30 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to focus. Repetitive motion with word processing and data entry. Heavy phone use.

Work Environment:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

This role has occasional handling of hazardous chemicals.

Safety/Personal Protective Equipment (PPE):

Adhere to company safety policy and PPE policy.",-1,LGC Limited,"Petaluma, CA",-1,Unknown,-1,Company - Public,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
228,Scientist II,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scientist II*
As a Scientist II (SII) at Invivoscribe you are responsible for managing the development of a project, competently interacting with collaborators and other departments, and writing and reviewing documents in compliance with the IVS Quality Management System (QSR) and applicable regulations. More specifically:

Independently performs experiments and generates data in support of product development projects.

Maintains a laboratory notebook (and electronic documents) that records all aspects of experimental design and results, following good documentation practices, at all times.

Responsible for accuracy and completeness of auditable documents.

Independently performs data analysis using available software.

Independently designs experiments and writes protocols (per standard guidelines) and reports.

Reviews laboratory notebooks, experimental designs, and draft protocols and reports of peers for accuracy and compliance.

Professional interactions with collaborators as required for project success, while maintaining the confidentiality of IVS intellectual property.

Acting as the Product Development technical lead, manage the development aspects of a project: initiation, design (feasibility, optimization, validation, and verification), writing, and execution.

Successfully interact with other departments - Manufacturing, Quality, Regulatory, and Sales and Marketing - for the development, transfer, submission, and commercialization of IVS products.

Assists in the creation of product development project timelines and budgets.
Skills and Experience Required: *
BS in Molecular Biology or scientifically related field with 6+ years of industry experience in a regulated environment.

MS in Molecular Biology or scientifically related field with 5+ years of industry experience in a regulated environment.

PhD in Molecular Biology or scientifically related field with 2+ years of industry experience in a regulated environment.

Familiarity with quality and regulatory requirements in the following environments: medical device, in vitro diagnostic, GLP, cGMP (QSR), IVDR or ISO.

Proficient computer and Microsoft Office program skills (Word, Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint).

Experience managing a project.

Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday",3.3,"Invivoscribe, Inc.
3.3","San Diego, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
229,"Sr. Director, Office of Data Science",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Advance your career at Liberty Mutual Insurance - A Fortune 100 Company!

Job Summary:

As the Senior Director, Office of Data Science, you will manage the Office of Data Science function for Corporate Actuarial. Responsible for leading and advancing data science at Liberty by improving collaboration and coordination of data science teams/departments across the enterprise including business embedded data science teams, technology, and product. Provides updates on initaitives to the Liberty Mutual Executive Leadership team. Manages a team of 10+ staff comprised of data scientists and product owners. Key responsibility is establishing and executing a data science vision and strategy across Liberty. Applies comprehensive knowledge of the business operations and data science abilities to identify opportunities and influence the courses of action of key stakeholders.

Responsibilities:

Develop and implement a Data Science Talent Strategy that support business needs and drives business value through the support and partnership of the DSPRG and T&ES.
Guide Data Science Technology initiatives through product ownership with an emphasis on self-service data science.Responsible for enabling rapid experimentation and adoption of Data Science, AI, and realize their potential in production. Supports and champion data science initiatives to enhance business collaboration, value, & success.
Cultivate Data Science excellence to create a sustained competitive advantage including tactical experimentation to improve standards and tools.
Act as a cross functional leader on high visibility and impact DS related efforts that span the enterprise.

Qualifications:

Minimum of ten years in leadership roles and at least ten years of data science related experience. Demonstrated ability to integrate data science strategies and programs across multiple functions. Strong experience effectively influencing at all levels of the organization. Must possess strong analytical, strategic, project management, decision-making and problem-solving skills. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Bachelor`s Degree required, advanced degree preferred. Strong business acumen with an understanding of insurance operations and the procedures of Financial, Underwriting, Claims, Statistical, Technology, Legal and Sales departments.

Deep knowledge of predictive analytic techniques and statistical diagnostics of models. Expert knowledge of predictive toolset, with the ability to drive thinking about appropriate tool usage. Proven ability to lead and drive projects and assignments to completion through others, to include prior experience effectively managing talent. Exchanges ideas and conveys complex information clearly and concisely, verbally, visually (presentations and exhibits), and in writing, consistent with the audiences and stakeholders with which s/he interacts up to and including SBU/Corp Dept leadership and enterprise wide. Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills required to establish and build effective relationships within and outside the organization and company. Regularly interacts with senior executives. Demonstrated ability to anticipate areas of senior management concern, integrate different perspectives, and respond accordingly.

Benefits:We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it’s our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/BenefitsOverview: At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.We’re dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.",3.5,"Liberty Mutual Insurance
3.5","Indianapolis, IN",-1,10000+ Employees,1912,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
230,Sr Validation Scientist - Sterilization,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Summary

Independently provides and/or directs the technical validation engineering support of process and/or equipment upgrades, replacements, and modifications in the laboratory, manufacturing or manufacturing support environment.

Requirement
Bachelor’s degree in Sciences/Engineering and 5 years of directly related experience
Validation expertise
Experience in:
Sterilization
Kaye Validator & Data loggers
Process Validation
Equipment Qualification
Computer System Validation
Technical Writing
Job Type: Full-time

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Sterilization: 5 years (Preferred)
Equipment Qualification: 5 years (Preferred)
Process Validation: 5 years (Preferred)
Kaye Validator & Data loggers: 5 years (Required)
Computer System Validation: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)",-1,PRPDG,Puerto Rico,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
231,Senior Outreach Data Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description:

Are you looking for a new and exciting career opportunity?

Join our award-winning organization and work with some of the most talented minds within our Enterprise Technology and Innovation teams. As a Salient CRGT employee, you get to be part of a best performing team supporting our nation’s most critical missions.

Why Salient CRGT?

We’re passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation. We provide the tools and resources to help you be successful, and our culture fosters an environment in which idea sharing and collaboration is essential. Are you ready to make a difference?

We are seeking a senior level Outreach Data Scientist.

This role fullfills the following responsibilites:

implements a continuous review process to evaluate the effectiveness of processes and standards for identifying process improvements to drive improved efficiency and quality
evaluates quality issues, inefficient processes, product quality, customer feedback, and analyst recommendations to identify process and product improvements
identifies opportunities to eliminate duplication of effort, improve analyst effectiveness and efficiency, eliminate backlog, reduce accuracy issues, and improve general operations
conducts briefings on improvement recommendations, gaining approval for implementation, and coordinating implementation improvements
implementation of tools, scripts, algorithms, and techniques assesses the effectiveness of the improvements
assesses and reports on metrics

#cjpost

Required Qualifications:

The following are minimum requirements for the role:

10+ years of experience
MA/MS degree
Experience continuous process improvement (CPI) researcher and facilitator
Experience working in NCTC screening and vetting using NCTC IC databases
Analytical and critical thinking skills
Knowledge of SOPs and Government watchlisting and screening and vetting guidelines
Advanced communication skills including documentation and briefings
Knowledge of ODNI, NCTC, and IC mission, roles, and responsibilities
TS/SCI with Polygraph security clearance

#cjpost #super6

#muncyreqs

#crgt456 #jpreqs

Desired Qualifications:
Recognized expert in specific field

Salient CRGT is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other factor prohibited by applicable anti-discrimination laws.",3.4,"Salient CRGT, Inc
3.4","McLean, VA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
232,"Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist - Tuesday - Friday, 11:00am - 9:30pm shift",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist provides leadership support to the technical lab staff. This person is also responsible for being the workflow and troubleshooting point person in the technical lab. This position is primarily responsible for coordinating and conducting day-to-day activities in the laboratory to ensure timely and accurate testing. The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist works directly with the Clinical Laboratory Supervisor to anticipate and resolve issues related to efficiencies in throughput, staffing, and laboratory processes. This position is also responsible for verifying result release and pending list management and investigation. The Lead is expected to spend at approximately half of their time performing laboratory testing on the bench.
Shift: Tuesday - Friday, 11:00am - 9:30pm shift

Performs highly complex analytic processes without direct supervision. Utilizes routine and specialized automated and non-automated laboratory procedures and/or techniques after completing training and demonstrating competency according to established lab section operating procedures.
Operates laboratory instruments, performance maintenance as needed and ensures proper functioning of laboratory equipment.
Identifies errors and problems, assists in troubleshooting instrument malfunction(s), and may assist service and support in performing preventive and corrective maintenance and repairs on laboratory equipment.
Completes required maintenance activities on equipment, recognizes and elevates potential issues to the team members responsible.
Maintains records and documentation of maintenance.
Calibrates laboratory instruments to ensure accuracy of test results. Performs quality control procedures as specified and maintains quality control records and documentation necessary to meet the standards of accrediting agencies.
Understands appropriate specimen collection, handling, and transport procedures.
Prepares specimens for analysis and determines acceptability of samples within guidelines.
Verifies accuracy, and enters data in the laboratory computer system, along with appropriate explanatory or interpretive information.
Assists the department supervisor in ensuring that all section turn-around times are maintained.
Validates acceptability of test results by review of quality control and all other test parameters.
Identifies the technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes of unexpected test results.
Evaluates and calculates quality control statistics to assess accuracy, reproducibility, and validity of current laboratory methods.
Monitors quality assurance and assists in data collection and preparation of QA indicators.
Performs internal and external proficiency testing. Handles proficiency testing samples in the same manner as patient samples.
Meets work product output expectations.
Understand and assist with Quality Control Specialist in performing lot to lot and analyzer to analyzer testing.
Complies with all safety and hazard regulations as outlined in the Clinical Laboratory Safety Manual and ensures that all employees are following laboratory and regulatory guidelines. Understands, maintains, and enforces safety guidelines.
Utilizes statistical methods to assess laboratory testing.
Observes and demonstrates principles of data security and patient confidentiality.
Maintains ethical standards in the performance of testing and in interactions with patients, co-workers, and other health care professionals.
Performs analytical and decision-making functions without direct supervision.
Prioritizes order of testing based on priority of request, workload, and testing schedules to meet turn-around times. Coordinates general workflow in assigned area daily to ensure workload is satisfied.
Differentiates technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes for unexpected test results.
Resolves and documents resolution of all QC results which fail lab criteria and institutes corrective action.
Evaluates instrument/method failure and determines when back-up methods must be initiated.
Responds to technical questions of laboratory staff and others in Exact Sciences Labs.
Participates in continuing education and staff meetings. Responsible for own professional development.
Assists with training and competency of employees.
Assists with knowledge transfer of changes and additions to laboratory procedures, processes and policies, including methodology and instrument operation.
May be requested to give lectures or provide demonstrations. May assist the education coordinator in the development of objectives, learning activities and evaluation mechanisms.
Provides technical information and/or instruction to clients, new employees, medical students, residents, peers, and the public as requested and where appropriate.
Contributes to design, research, review and writing of laboratory procedures. Remains informed of procedure updates and changes and ensures employees demonstrate knowledge and competency regarding changes.
Primary source of contact for staff in the laboratory area for technical and administrative problem solving.
Conducts check in meetings with members of their respective shift.
Participates in year-end reviews of employees by providing input and delivering the review.
Maintains adequate inventory of reagents and supplies.
Suggests cost-effective laboratory procedures and protocol changes.
Applies step by step thinking, problem solving and critical thinking patterns.
Supervises laboratory personnel as assigned.
Provide specimen processing leadership as needed.
Implements changes as assigned in response to new technology and laboratory procedures.
Reviews daily data reports as requested.
Reports test results through ESSS (Exact Sciences Software System).
Maintains open and effective communication with personnel in work team, and with members of other teams throughout the laboratory.
Demonstrates willingness to cooperate with team members and with cross-functional groups in the laboratory to accomplish timely and accurate testing.
Demonstrates professional demeanor, in personal appearance and behavior, in all work-related interactions inside and outside of the laboratory.
Demonstrates adaptability by embracing changes in the laboratory with a positive attitude.
Provides constructive criticism for modification of laboratory procedures, policies and test/employee scheduling.
Interacts with other healthcare workers to solve problems and interprets patient lab results within the framework of medical technology.
Ability to respond to stakeholder requests in a professional and timely manner.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and strong attention to detail.
Ability to train others on technical concepts and test for understanding.
Position requires work in normal laboratory environment. Special uniform and personal protective equipment are required while working in the laboratory.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to use near vision to view samples at close range.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as hear timers go off, etc.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as communicating with staff, patients, colleagues, and providers.
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as the stress of reporting STAT lab work and performing multiple lab tests simultaneously.
Ability to lift and move 20-40 pounds on an occasional basis (up to 25% of time).
Ability to stand, walk, bend and reach on a regular basis (standing ≈75% of time; sitting ≈25% of time).
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to listen and speak on the telephone and write simultaneously.
Ability to operate telephone system and computer keyboard and mouse.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Clinical Laboratory Science or Medical Technology or in the chemical or biological sciences. Must satisfy the education requirements of the applicable certifying agency, i.e. ASCP.
Possession of appropriate certification at time of hire from one of the nationally recognized certification agencies, i.e. ASCP or state licensure that has been determined to be equivalent, and maintain throughout employment in position.
6+ years relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for Certified Lead roles responsible for testing New York and California samples.
4+ years of relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for the Certified Lead roles that are not responsible for New York or California sample testing.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in molecular testing desired.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.1,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.1","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
233,Decision Scientist 3,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Primary Job Responsibilities
PayPal Credit is the simple, flexible credit line built into your PayPal account. The PayPal Credit Risk Organization is responsible for managing the risk throughout the lifecycle of PayPal’s Credit products. This is an exciting, fast paced organization where the contribution by team members can significantly impact PayPal’s bottom line as well as our customers’ experience. We’re looking for an Analyst to join the team and help in our efforts to manage PayPal Credit risk globally.

You will lead the design and execution of safer experiences for our users, and will work on the complex task of keeping fraudsters away from PayPal Credit. If you’re looking to make an impact at the red-hot intersection of ePayments, consumer lending and online risk management, you’re at the right place.

This particular role is with the Fraud Strategy and Analytics team within PayPal Credit Risk unit. This team is part of PayPal’s Risk and Data organization and is responsible for mitigating fraud on PayPal’s global Consumer Credit products.

The Fraud Strategy & Analytics team has end to end ownership of fraud losses from PayPal’s installments, lines and partner-credit offerings for PayPal’s global consumers, proposing solutions and measuring effectiveness of solutions post-implementation. Day to day responsibilities include:

Identifying opportunities and gaps within current portfolio of PayPal’s Fraud Risk controls, including continuously evolving fraud trends
Based on analysis, formulating a solution to ensure optimal balance between user experience, business enablement, operational expense and loss exposure related to proposed solution
Working closely with partners in Risk Platform, Global Risk and Data Sciences, Operations, Credit Product Management, Legal & Compliance and other teams to formulate and execute fraud risk solutions
Collaborating with external partners, including external Credit/Banking partners and Data vendors
Advocating with Risk and various Business Unit leaders to gain agreement and secure resources for proposed solutions
On-going optimization of existing risk solutions
Closely monitoring performance of existing and new solutions to ensure expectations are met
This individual’s key performance KPIs will include Loss Performance, Fraud Decline rates, Revenue/Margin enabled, and Customer Experience

Job Qualifications

Required Skills:

Proficiency in SQL and Excel
Proficiency in at least one statistical analysis tool: SAS / R / Python
Strong analytical skills: ability to build quick estimates using back-of-the-envelope analysis, structure (and, if needed, execute) more complex analyses, pull together business cases, navigate multi-dimensional sets of tradeoffs. Above all, the job calls for comfort with data – ability to manipulate it, question its validity, interpret it, and develop recommendations based on it
Ability to manage a large, diverse set of to-do’s – prioritize, stay on top of multiple work streams, monitor progress
Ability to work with leadership & stakeholders to define project scope and direction, driving large pieces of the work independently
Strong communication skills – a sense of appropriate communication mechanism/approach to use given context/circumstances.
Experience working with cross-functional, geographically distributed teams, managing by influence is a plus.
Ability to contribute to strategic discussions and represent Risk in cross-functional meetings
Ability to mentor junior team members
Dedicated, proactive, curious and eager to learn new approaches / methodologies

Desired Skills:

Must be an intuitive, organized, analytical thinker, with the ability to perform detailed analysis
Strong written, oral, and interpersonal skills a must, including the ability to explain and/or present analysis
Must have good business judgment with demonstrated ability to think creatively and strategically
Aptitude and willingness to roll up the sleeves and get involved in the details
Some risk management experience is a plus

Education:

Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Finance, Economics or related quantitative discipline
Experience
5+ years related experience
1+ years supervisory experience helpful, but not required
MS/MBA or PhD degree can qualify for some years of experience

Job_Description_Summary: PayPal Credit is the simple, flexible credit line built into your PayPal account. The PayPal Credit Risk Organization is responsible for managing the risk throughout the lifecycle of PayPal’s Credit products. This is an exciting, fast paced organization where the contribution by team members can significantly impact PayPal’s bottom line as well as our customers’ experience. We’re looking for an Analyst to join the team and help in our efforts to manage PayPal Credit risk globally. You will lead the design and execution of safer experiences for our users, and will work on the complex task of keeping fraudsters away from PayPal Credit. If you’re looking to make an impact at the red-hot intersection of ePayments, consumer lending and online risk management, you’re at the right place. This particular role is with the Fraud Strategy and Analytics team within PayPal Credit Risk unit. This team is part of PayPal’s Risk organization and is responsible for mitigating fraud on PayPal’s global Consumer Credit products. This position is part of a team that mitigates fraud on both digital and traditional card based credit products

Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.",3.9,"PayPal
3.9","San Jose, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1998,Company - Public,Internet,Information Technology,$10+ billion (USD),-1
234,Clinical Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Clinical Scientist is responsible for providing scientific expertise throughout the development and implementation of clinical evaluations and /or clinical studies for a dynamic portfolio of product.

As a key member of the Medical Affairs, Clinical Science & Biometrics team, this individual will provide scientific expertise in the development of clinical trial strategy, clinical study design, clinical evaluation reports, clinical study protocols, risk management, and /or clinical studies in alignment with the business strategy. Through extensive interaction with clinician thought leaders (KOLs) along with a strong diverse cross-functional leadership team within the organization, this individual will have opportunities to make strategic and scientific impact on our current and future clinical portfolio.

Key Responsibilities:
Authors clinical evaluation plans (CEP), clinical evaluation reports (CERs), clinical trial protocols (pre- and post-market) and other scientific documents (as appropriate).
Partner with R&D, Clinical Affairs, Safety, Regulatory Affairs, QA, Biometrics, GHER and other subject matter experts to create documents and that effectively and clearly describe research results, product use and other medical information.
Provide scientific support by interpreting safety and effectiveness results data, including data mining, compiling, analyzing and summarizing data from all applicable sources
Maintain current, in-depth product knowledge including current developments, clinical literature review, as well as therapeutic and product operation knowledge.
Collaborate with cross functional teams on the review, analysis, and interpretation of study results, including exploratory endpoints and assuring appropriate data review and accurate data reporting
Independently review raw and summary data for accuracy.
Summarize key clinical evidence from published literature and provide updates to internal stakeholders (as appropriate)
Correctly analyze clinical data/results and interpret outcomes to propose appropriate follow-up.
Ensure documents comply with regulatory guidelines.
Up to 15% travel to conferences/physician meetings.
Education and Minimum Requirements:

Bachelor's Degree or equivalent with 5 years of clinical science experience.

Preferred Qualifications:

Relevant experience supporting class III medical devices

Additional Talents and General Expectations:
Experienced with literature reviews and various publication databases including PubMed.
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and scientific writing skills
Demonstrated ability to work independently, ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Advanced working knowledge with the use of MS PowerPoint, MS Word, MS Excel, EndNote and Adobe Acrobat
Edwards is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer including protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Edwards is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer including protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities.",3.7,"Edwards Lifesciences
3.7","Irvine, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1958,Company - Public,Health Care Products Manufacturing,Manufacturing,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
235,Lead Data Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Our mission is to make the best mental health tools radically accessible for everyone.

We are pioneers in building personalized digital mental health tools to help millions of people with mental health difficulties. We are building a suite of regulated, prescription only digital therapeutics as well as a sophisticated delivery platform capable of responding to the lived experience of our users.

Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of intervention science at Stanford University. Our founder has an international reputation in Digital Mental Health intervention development. And our Chairman is Andrew Ng; and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP.

There has never been a better time to use your data science skills for good. Given the recent acceleration in infrastructure to allow for the meaningful adoption of DTx, our strong product reputation and existing relationships within health systems, Woebot is in a period of explosive growth. We are looking for a product-minded data scientist to continue to create value for our users, customers, and execute on our IP strategy.

What you will do:

As a leader in the Product team, you will work cross-departmentally with clinical and engineering team members to build machine learning and AI algorithms that are the core of Woebot's intelligence. There are four areas we want you to own and drive:

Drive An Insights & Analytics Culture
You will help create data analysis and analytics pipelines that improve not only the underlying ML algorithms but also the product and the user's experience.
You will lead a team of Analysts and be responsible for good data driven hygiene, including the creation, redesign, and maintenance of analytics dashboards and BI tools such as BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or Tableau.
You will also advise on data labeling strategy so that Woebot's conversational engine is continuously improved and informs changes in features, content, and UX.
Improve User Personalization:
Woebot exchanges 4.7 M messages with our users every week. You will create & lead a data-driven personalization strategy for this audience.
We consider personalization to be key for developing a relationship over time while delivering precision interventions, that is; the right method to the right person at the right time.
Contribute To Evidence:
In the next 6 months, you'll help Woebot develop evidence & trends to demonstrate the value of our highest priority products.
You're helping answer the most pressing questions in the mental health field around engagement, dose, and treatment outcomes.
In partnership with our Clinical team and academic partners, we expect you to contribute to our pipeline of peer-reviewed published research.
In addition to some platform-related pieces, you will lead publication in Data Science and HCI research.
What Your First 90 Days Could Look Like
By Day 30 - Assess the lay of the landscape & team - and make suggestions around in house analytic tools, dashboard and strategies.
By Day 60 - understand the roadmap with our founder and reverse engineer our tailored interventions. Deliver a prioritized list of roadmap items.
By Day 90 - Submit your first publication. Execute on a plan for improving user outcomes with our analytics and ML.
Role Specific Competencies:
PhD in Data Analysis or ML/AI or computational field with 8-10+ years of applied experience
Knowledge of one or more modern ML/NLP frameworks, such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, or Keras
Track Record of publishing in peer reviewed academic literature
You've led and managed other analysts and data scientists.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
What you will add to our culture:
Strong work-ethic: Works hard to get a job done.
Proactive & flexible: Able to hit the ground running, takes responsibility for finding a way to get the job done.
Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience, are a team player motivated to help others be successful.
High standards: Applies high standards toward everything.
Humble: You want to learn and grow in the role, and are open to feedback on how to do that.
What we offer:
Competitive Salary
Stock Options
Flexible PTO
Health, Dental & Vision
Healthy Snacks & Meals
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",4.1,"Woebot Health
4.1","San Francisco, CA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2017,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
236,"QC Scientist II, Microbiology",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"QC Scientist II, Microbiology

The Swiss based Bachem Group is a public, innovation-driven company specializing in the development and manufacturing of pepTides and oligonucleoTides. As a full service provider Bachem offers products for clinical development and commercial applications as well as a comprehensive catalog and exclusive custom synthesis. With 50 years of experience and subsidiaries in Switzerland, the United States, the United Kingdom and Japan, Bachem is the partner of choice for the biotech and pharma industry worldwide.
Bachem. Leading Partner in Tides

In order to continue our organic growth, we are constantly looking for talent.

Your Responsibilities

The QC Scientist II, Microbiology will manage and execute the environmental monitoring program, water and critical utilities monitoring program. Other duties include performing, QC documentation including lab notebooks and reports and related GMP activities.

Your Tasks
Perform necessary environmental monitoring procedures to include water sampling, viable and non-viable air sampling and viable surface monitoring
General upkeep of microbiology laboratory including monitoring of temperatures for incubators and storage refrigerators
Perform necessary testing for approval of vendors and qualification of necessary media used in the microbiology laboratory
Maintain and support the cleaning verification program by performing Total Organic Carbon testing
Trend microbiology data and report back to management and QA to ensure systems are within trend
Perform endotoxin testing for final lyophilized peptide products. The kinetic and gel clot method will both be employed
Write/revise standard operating procedures, and other related GMP documentation as related to the job function as necessary
Maintain GMP areas to ensure compliance for all requirements for control of materials. This includes cleanliness and organization
Implement and maintain GMP procedures such as following written procedure and maintaining proper documentation as necessary for Quality Control
Operate, maintain and ensure calibration of equipment including, chart recorders, thermometers, analytical balance, pipette and other related equipment in microbiology lab and the GMP facility as required by job function
Investigate any deviation or out of specification as necessary related to Quality Control work performed as instructed by supervisor
Follow safety guidelines for handling, disposal and use of chemicals and bacterial waste
Your Profile
Bachelor’s Degree in Life Sciences
Minimum 4 years’ experience in a GMP environment specializing in pharmaceutical or biotech industry
Use of analytical techniques / instruments, such as TOC, Endotoxin, Conductivity, etc., and computer skills
Develop and maintain environmental tracking and trending programs
Knowledge of ICH Q1 and ICH Q7, cGMP and FDA regulations
Experience working in a clean rooms (ISO 7 and/or ISO 8)
Ability to effectively organize, multitask, and work in a fast-paced environment
Excellent written and oral communications skills
Ability to communicate in a proactive and solutions-focused manner, including keeping management aware of potential issues
Exhibit professional interpersonal skills
Communicate effectively and ability to function well in a team environment
Exhibit detail oriented documentation skills
Ability to work independently and manage one's time
Basic computer knowledge, including Microsoft Word and Excel
Coordinate sampling and testing in collaboration with Quality Control and Production
Ability to convey to customers and regulatory agencies topics regarding micro-biology processes
Flexibility of working hours based on business needs, may include some nights and occasional weekends
Preferred:

Experience with Minitab and/or other statistical software

We Offer

You will be part of a motivated team overseeing the entire development cycle of respective APIs. If you

are looking for a new challenge and want to join a motivated team in an internationally renowned

company, you should seize this opportunity.

Nearest Major Market: San Diego",3.0,"Bachem
3.0","Vista, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1971,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
237,Senior Food Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position: * Senior Food Scientist
Reports To*: Quality Manager
Purpose: * The Senior Food Scientist will be expected to provide technical expertise in the development of nutritious, plant-based snacks. This position will design and implement research and experiments resulting in new and improved products, cost savings and unique technologies providing business advantages.
Responsibilities: *
This role relates to a wide range of technical skills and many non-technical company functions. A successful candidate will apply scientific and engineering principles in research, development, production technology, quality control, packaging, processing, and utilization of foods by performing the following duties:
Coordinate product development through all stages of development; concept to bench-top prototype development, pilot plant and full-scale manufacture.
Design and execute all stages of product development by conducting pilot plant trials on-site or at external facilities and formula commissioning at full-scale manufacturing, which includes scale-up of prototypes and subsequent trials to support introduction of new products and /or product renovations.
Maintain written technical documentation and product and process specifications as pertaining.
Review and document raw ingredients, formulations, and final product specifications to maintain accurate records and to ensure compliance with GoMacro standards.
Assist in the preparation, submission, and interactions with FDA regulatory & legal review of all current and new products to ensure compliance.
Organize and direct sample development for sales presentations, consumer testing and shelf life trials.
Develop nutrition labels in compliance with all applicable regulatory standards by utilizing Genesis (ESHA) software.
Consult and provide direction to internal customers (i.e. Purchasing/Marketing/Production/Quality) by communicating information for product improvements and/or cost savings initiatives.
Conduct assessment of problematic product issues and work as part of a team to resolve the technical problems and execute the development/modification of products.
Consult technical resources (literature, technical papers, academia, suppliers) to further product knowledge and apply the learning to execute projects.
Prepare and present technical reports/results, both written and oral, to associates, peers and occasionally to management with business and scientific clarity.
Requirements: *
Bachelor’s degree in food science or related field required
Master’s degree in food science or related field preferred
5+ years’ experience in CPG field preferred
4-8 years’ experience in product development preferred
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents
Experience submitting and interacting with FDA regulatory & legal reviews to ensure compliance as well as to protect from unwarranted or unfounded legal claims
Ability to effectively present information
Ability to work with minimal to no supervision
Strong computer skills are necessary
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions
Ability to create and update nutrition labels in compliance with all regulatory requirements
Proactive, self-driven, results and action oriented, demonstrating passion, strong teamwork spirit, open mind, and flexibility.
Flexibility of schedule – schedule may require various start times due to plant trials and start ups
GoMacro, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Disability insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
product development: 4 years (Preferred)
consumer packaged goods: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Master's (Preferred)
Company's website:
https://www.gomacro.com/
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/gomacro/
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No",3.7,"GoMacro
3.7","Viola, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,-1,-1,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
238,Scientist I/II - Neurology - Biosystems,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"POSITION SUMMARY:

The Scientist I/II (the final role will depend and the experience level of the candidate) will report to the Neurology Program Lead and will work as part of a multidisciplinary team on drug development efforts to modulate activities of targets identified by Berg Interrogative Biology® Platform and on evaluating efficacy of novel drug candidates for Parkinson’s and other neurodegenerative diseases.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop cell-based and biochemistry assays for phenotypic screens (low to medium throughput) and potency assays to validate novel drug candidates.
Design and executein vitro studies to demonstrate compound pharmacodynamics and support the development of early drug candidates and lead molecules.
Generate and utilize molecular biology reagents (including CRISPR gene-editing tools) for the mechanism of action studies and to develop screening models.
Critically analyze data and communicate findings effectively to multidisciplinary team members and management.
Perform the full spectrum of laboratory activities including experimental design, assay development, and manage deliverables.
Other duties as assigned
REQUIREMENTS:
Requires a Ph.D. in neuroscience, pharmacology, biochemistry, or related fields, postdoctoral training and industry experience preferred.
Robust understanding of neurological disease mechanisms, particularly in the areas of Parkinson’s disease and neurodegeneration in general.
Proven track record of scientific achievements.
Strong laboratory skills, particularly in the areas of molecular biology, biochemistry, and cell-based assays.
Experience with pluripotent stem cells and differentiation protocols are required.
Demonstrated ability to work in an interdisciplinary team and experience supervising and training technical staff.
Strong work ethic and excellent oral/written communication skills are essential.",4.0,"Berg Health
4.0","Framingham, MA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
239,"Data Scientist, Senior",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Join our team dedicated to developing and executing innovative solutions in support of customer mission success.

Job Description:

Novetta is seeking a Data Scientist (Senior)) in the role of the Maritime Safety Office.This position is to provide both digital and hardcopy maritime products, services, and data to support worldwide Safety of Navigation. Without accurate and up-to-date nautical products, military platforms are at increased risk when they conduct operations, transport personnel and deliver material. The U.S. Navy has made it clear to NGA that it will continue to require both digital and hard copy maritime products for the foreseeable future. Services procured under this contract will primarily support the production and maintenance of Maritime GEOINT at NCE facilities.

Responsibilities include:
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and triplestore/graph
databases
Experience createing and managing ETL processes using Ni-Fi or similar software using both
structured and unstructured data
AWS experience, particularly with EC2, S3, Cloudwatch, RDS
Experience with data visualization tools
Experience with or working knowledge of ElasticSearch or similar
Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner
Conduct undirected research and frame open-ended industry / customer questions
Recommend cost-effective changes to existing procedures and strategies
Create / maintain tools to extract features from a variety of sources including raster to vector,
vector to vector, text to vector, and text to database.
Write / maintain Python Scripts in ARCGIS to improve efficiency of the production process.
Support Business Processing Re-Engineering
Perform Data Conversion/migration
Perform Business Analytics
Work with the Government on new production capabilities / services
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and RDF
(triplestore/graph) databases
Linux experience
Basic Qualifications:
Strong data management skills, including SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB), and triplestore/graph databases
Experience createing and managing ETL processes using Ni-Fi or similar software using both structured and
unstructured data
AWS experience, particularly with EC2, S3, Cloudwatch, RDS
Experience with data visualization tools
Experience with or working knowledge of ElasticSearch or similar
Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner
Desired Skills:
Experience with combining digital cartography, computer technology, GIS, cartographic and geospatial
production techniques, remote sensing, photogrammetry, and digital data formats.
Ability to clean / prune data to discard irrelevant information
Ability to examine data from a variety of angles to determine hidden value, weaknesses, trends, and / or
opportunities
Advanced knowledge of ESRI ArcGIS and ArcServer.

Novetta, from complexity to clarity.

Novetta delivers highly scalable advanced analytics and secure technology solutions to address challenges of national and global significance. Focused on mission success, Novetta pioneers disruptive technologies in machine learning, data analytics, full-spectrum cyber, cloud engineering, open source analytics, and multi-INT fusion for Defense, Intelligence Community, and Federal Law Enforcement customers. Novetta is headquartered in McLean, VA with over 1,000 employees across the U.S.


Our culture is shaped by a commitment to our core values:

Integrity • We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards of integrity and ethics.

Customer Success • We strive daily to exceed expectations and achieve customer mission success.

Employee Focus • We invest in our employees' professional development and training, respecting individuality, and fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion.

Innovation • We know that discovering new and innovative ways to solve problems is critical to our success and makes us a great company.

Excellence in Execution • We take pride in flawless execution as we build a company that is best in class.


Earn a REFERRAL BONUS for the qualified people you know.
For more details or to submit a referral, visit bit.ly/NovettaReferrals.

Novetta is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.",4.5,"Novetta
4.5","Fort Belvoir, VA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2012,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
240,Data Scientist-Human Resources,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Lexington, MA, US

#job-location.job-location-inline {
display: inline;
}

Company:
MIT Lincoln Laboratory
Job Summary
Responsible for the collection, synthesis, and analysis of employee data to meet organizational objectives. Gains insight into key Human Resources related business opportunities and deliverables by applying statistical analysis techniques to examine structured and unstructured data from multiple disparate sources. Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining. Uses advanced mathematical, statistical, querying, and reporting methods to develop solutions. Develops information tools, algorithms, dashboards, and queries to monitor and improve business performance.

Successful candidates will have demonstrated:
Strong interpersonal, team building, communication and presentation skills to effectively communicate and collaborate with all levels of the organization.
An ability to maintain strict confidentiality as well as business and professional ethics.
Strong organizational skills, attention to detail and ability to handle multiple tasks.
Flexibility and ability to work effectively and meet deadlines in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Ability to perform successfully in a data driven, service-oriented environment and to interpret rules and guidelines flexibly to enhance the business values and the diverse culture.
Requirements
BS required, MS preferred in related disciplines such as Computer Science, Statistics, and/or Mathematics with 5-8 years of relevant experience.
Experience working with sensitive data, predictive analytics and behavioral science based information preferred.
Must have demonstrated experience with some or all of the following: Data and Quantitative Analysis / Decision Analytics / Predictive Modeling / Data-Driven Personalization / KPI Dashboards and BPI Plans / Big Data Queries and Interpretation / Data Mining and Visualization Tools / Machine Learning Algorithms / Business Intelligence (BI) / Research, Reports and Forecasts.
In addition, must have experience with some or all of the following: Data and Computer Science proficiency: SPSS, SAS, R, Rstats, Python, Apache Spark, Microsoft PowerBI, Matlab, HIVE, Pig, data warehouse (DW, DWH), Hadoop, Google Analytics, data mart projects, data management, machine learning, predictive analytics, prescriptive analytics, streaming analytics, SQL, Business Objects (Crystal Reports, Dashboards, WEBI), SAP BW, SAP HANA, SAP Lumera, and many and/or other products is a plus.

For Benefits Information, click http://hrweb.mit.edu/benefits

Selected candidate will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret level DoD security clearance.

MIT Lincoln Laboratory is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran status, disability status, or genetic information; U.S. citizenship is required.

Requisition ID: 28943

Nearest Major Market: Boston
Job Segment:
Database, Scientific, Scientist, HR, ERP, Technology, Engineering, Science, Human Resources",3.8,"MIT Lincoln Laboratory
3.8","Lexington, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1951,Nonprofit Organization,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
241,Head of Data Engineering,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"WHAT WE DO MATTERS:

Here at The Knot Worldwide, we believe in doing work that matters. In 15 countries around the world, our leading family of brands (The Knot, WeddingWire, Bodas, The Bash, The Bump, How They Asked, Lasting, and more) inspire, inform, and celebrate our communities as they move through life's milestones. From the proposal to creating a home, and starting a family together, we're there for every step of the journey. Our couples and business partners depend on us. They're all in. So are we.

ABOUT THE ROLE AND OUR TEAM:

The Head of Data Engineering plays a key role in supporting the data needs of the entire organization. Our mission is to provide reliable, performant, timely and understandable centralized data services to TKWW.

This is a multi-disciplinary role that involves project management of various size projects and ad-hoc requests, to data architecture and managing of people and resources. Data is the life blood of TKWW and therefore this role will be working with leadership across the organization to ensure data needed for analysis and monitoring the success of our products and services.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Manage a team of highly skilled data engineers across multiple locations
Direct Data Engineering's overall architecture and approach to data solutions
High level design of integrations between systems or the between various sources and the data warehouse
Project management of complex projects, breaking them down to smaller tasks, managing the scope of the projects and ensuring timely completion
Collaborate with Data Scientists and Data Analysts to analyze requirements and provide recommendations for solutions
Collaborate with other TKWW teams (Enterprise, ProdDev, DevOps, etc) to provide data solutions for stakeholders
Ensure use of and contribution to best practices with tools and processes within the team
Inspire and support innovation within team to improve data offerings and help others to interact with our systems
Promote growth and development within team by improving existing skills and exploring new technologies
SUCCESSFUL LEAD,

DATA ENGINEERING CANDIDATES HAVE:
Past programming experience and a demonstrated interest in statistical analysis, informatics, analytics, and business intelligence
Minimum of 12+ years experience with SQL and Data Warehouse development
Minimum of 5+ years experience managing people
Hands-on experience with at least one of the following Databases (MYSQL, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, MSSQL, Redshift)
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written
Demonstrate self-confidence, energy and enthusiasm
Present ideas, expectations and information in a concise, well-organized way
Conduct research and make recommendations on BI requirements, products, and services
Manage time well, correctly prioritizing tasks
Ability to manage others, resources, contracts, etc.
DESIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE:
Knowledge of database schema design and architecture
Experience with Project Management
Experience with dimensional modeling.
Experience with at least one Business Intelligence tool such as Qlik and Metabase
Experience with Big Data Solutions such as Snowflake, Redshift, Google BigQuery or Hadoop.
Experience with ETL tools such as Matillion, Boomi, Informatica, SSIS, etc.
Programming experience with Ruby, Python, Shell Scripting
At The Knot Worldwide, we believe you are more than a resume and invite you to go for it, take the leap of faith, and apply for this job if it sparks your passion to join TKWW and make a difference!

WHAT WE LOVE ABOUT YOU:
You Dream Big. You iterate and experiment to drive innovation.
You Love Our Users. You keep our global community at the center of everything you do.
You Respect All Voices. Inclusion strengthens us and powers your decisions.
You Hustle Every Day. You favor urgency and own your outcomes.
You Win Together. People are at the heart of our success and you play as a team.
WHAT YOU LOVE ABOUT US:

The Knot Worldwide offers a unique employee experience and we are deeply proud of our award-winning culture. From flexible vacation and generous parental leave benefits to promoting wellness and giving back to our community, we believe in happiness above all else—in and out of the office.

--

The Knot Worldwide provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, The Knot Worldwide complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. The Knot Worldwide expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

If you are a resident of California, by submitting your application, you acknowledge that you've read the California Privacy Notice.

--

This role is not eligible for sponsorship.",3.6,"The Knot Worldwide
3.6","Washington, DC",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
242,Senior Scientist I (CMC Analytical),$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Position Description:
The Sr. Scientist I is responsible for analytical drug substance and drug product related activities including both clinical and commercial method transfers, method development, method validation, method troubleshooting, analytical data review for release and stability, stability trending and reference standard certifications. Other duties may also include project management, CMO oversight and CMC regulatory document authoring.

Position Requirements:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Manage analytical chemistry activities both internally and at contract laboratories with best practices of development and commercial.
• Partner closely with contract labs to directly oversee transfer of methods, validation and QC testing to ensure they are executed successfully and with best practices.
• Provide oversight for release and stability testing of clinical and commercial batches for small molecule drug substance and drug product.
• Perform hands-on documentation and data review and provides significant contributions and oversight to contract labs for protocols, deviations, investigations, CAPA’s, reports, stability data, trending, shelf-life/retest dating, using where applicable, current regression analysis practices and other relevant statistical techniques.
• Author analytical sections of CMC submissions in support of regulatory filings.
• Identify and draft work instructions/SOP for relevant analytical functions.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• None

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Education:
• BS/BA degree in Analytical Chemistry or related discipline and eight years of related experience; or,
• MS/MA degree in Analytical Chemistry or related discipline and six years of related experience; or,
• Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry or related discipline and five years relevant experience.

Experience:
• Typically requires a minimum of twelve years of related experience and/or combination of experience and education/training.
• Experience in Biotech/Pharmaceutical industry preferred.
• Must have extensive knowledge and hands-on experience with analytical instruments including HPLC, LCMS, GC, and Dissolution
• Knowledgeable in ICP-MS/IPC-OES, DSC, DVS and XRPD techniques are a plus.
• Familiarity with the solid oral dosage forms are a plus.
• Strong knowledge in analytical chemistry and cGMP/GLP, FDA, European Pharmacopoeia, ICH guidelines and regulations.
• Strong GMP and Regulatory compliance.
• Experienced in ICH stability implementation and data trending analysis.
• Must have strong attention to detail, excellent communication skills, good organizational skills and multitasking abilities.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:
• Extensive knowledge of late stage development, Phase III to commercialization, such as analytical technology transfer, analytical support for process validation (API and drug product), ICH stability, specifications, participation in meetings with regulatory agencies, etc. is highly desirable.
• In-depth understanding of the compendial requirements such as the USP, European Pharmacopoeia, and Japanese Pharmacopoeia
• Familiar with ICH, FDA and EU requirements and guidance.
• Good investigative skills and ability to troubleshoot methods remotely.
• Manage and contribute to CMO deviations and CAPAs to ensure that they are properly investigated and documented. Track CAPAs to ensure they are effectively implemented.
• Has complete understanding and wide application of technical principles, theories, concepts and techniques.
• Has good general knowledge of other related disciplines.
• Applies strong analytical and business communication skills.

JOB COMPLEXITY:
• Works on very complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors.
• May work on significant and unique issues where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangibles.
• Exercises independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation of criteria for obtaining results.
• Creates formal networks involving coordination among groups.

DISCLAIMER
The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.",3.1,"Exelixis
3.1","Alameda, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
243,Senior Data Scientist (Remote),$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"TMP advertising products is seeking a Sr. Data Scientist to support its efforts in building a leading performance media platform for recruitment.

What does a Senior Data Scientist do?

We run hundreds of thousands of job campaigns generating millions of clicks each month. The Data Science team for advertising has expertise in optimization, regression, classification, and NLP principles to develop world-class strategies for performance advertising that yield the most important results for our customers: hiring the best employees.
Building machine learning models to optimize campaign performance at a massive scale
Identifying, creating, and transforming informative features based on historical and real-time data
Leading the technical direction of the Data Science team, in parallel with the VP, Product
Working with Product to define data collection and modeling frameworks
Coordinating and working closely with engineering to put models and algorithms into production
Working collaboratively with other Data Science teams in cross-product efforts
Technical Qualifications
Deep understanding of statistical and machine learning models (logistic regression, decision trees, SVMs, etc.) and clustering and classification techniques
Proven experience building models and placing models into production
Experience in optimization problems, and solving those problems at scale
Well versed in statistical programming languages such as R, Python
Familiarity with relational databases such as Postgres and Amazon Redshift and accessing data via SQL
Degree in a technical field such as computer science, artificial intelligence, engineering
Graduate work in machine learning a plus or relevant work experience
Experience in ""Ad Tech"" data science principles a huge plus
Personality
Data-driven leader, ready to provide technical direction to a team from day 1
Knows and loves the startup world - quick thinking and acting with minimal/no supervision
Self-driven, independent, creative and eager to learn new skills
Ability to work effectively with incomplete information
Great communication skills
Embraces the remote nature of the future of work
Flexible Location (Remote Hubs):

Berlin, Germany | Lisbon, Portugal | London, England | Paris, France | USA

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.",3.5,"TMP WORLDWIDE
3.5","New York, NY",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
244,Principal/Sr Principal Data Scientist 3/4 - TS/SCI/Poly required,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Research and Sciences

Qualifications:

At the heart of Defining Possible is our commitment to missions. In rapidly changing global security environments, Northrop Grumman brings informed insights and software-secure technology to enable strategic planning. We're looking for innovators who can help us keep building on our wide portfolio of secure, affordable, integrated, and multi-domain systems and technologies that fuel those missions. By joining in our shared mission, we'll support yours of expanding your personal network and developing skills, whether you are new to the field or an industry thought-leader. At Northrop Grumman, you'll have the resources, support, and team to do some of the best work of your career.

Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you. As a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide. We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be. As we continue to build our workforce, we look for people that exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach to innovation.

Northrop Grumman Mission Systems has an exciting opportunity for a Principal / Sr Principal Data Scientist who will be a member of a program's Data Science Team. Our ideal candidate will create data exploitation architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. This position will be based in Chantilly, VA.
This position may be filled as a level 3 or level 4.

T
NGMSCIMS #LI-M-105",3.8,"Northrop Grumman
3.8","Chantilly, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
245,Senior Data Engineer,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, or a related field or equivalent experience
Preferred Qualifications
3 years of experience working with database tools
3 years of programming experience using Python and C#
3 years of experience working with SQL server integration services or ETL tools
3 years of experience working with data integration tools
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite
Experience working with ETL tools
Knowledge of data integration tools
Knowledge of software programming languages, such as Python and C#
Job Summary

The Senior Data Engineer works with database engineers to design, develop and maintain the infrastructure of data within the data warehouse, including setting the ETL (extract, transform, load) processes, bringing in new data sources, modifying existing data sources, making sure data is clean, complete and consumable, as well as designing data models within the data warehouse.

The Senior Data Engineer works as part of one or more project teams and is responsible for designing and building mechanisms to move, integrate, cleanse and publish large volume datasets. This is a developer role with a specialty in data and requires deep knowledge of a variety of programming languages and design patterns.

Responsibilities
Design and support the new and evolving sources of data being brought into the data warehouse
Work closely with data architects and follow best practices for data management consumption
Work closely with business analysts to work through business requirements and develop processes to provide the needed data visibility via the data warehouse and reporting platform
Assist with application layer and metadata design
Assist with the design and create automated applications and reporting solutions
Work closely with front-end developers to ensure data is being brought in and data integrity is being maintained
Monitor and troubleshoot performance issues on the data warehouse servers
Research and promote new tools and techniques to shape the future of the data environment
Mentor and train other data engineers
Who We Are

We're America's largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D. Power ranked Quicken Loans ""Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination"" for the past 10 consecutive years, 2010 - 2019. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for 6 consecutive years, 2014 through 2019, each year the company was eligible. There's a simple reason we've been so successful: We care about the people we work with.

If you're tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you'll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won't find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named #1 in ESSENCE Magazine's first ever list of ""Best Places to Work for African Americans"" in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's ""Best Places to Work in IT"" list for 13 years running, hitting #1 the last 5 years. We were also ranked #14 in FORTUNE Magazine's list of ""100 Best Companies to Work For"" in 2018, remaining in the top 30 for the past 15 years.

Disclaimer

This is an outline of the primary responsibilities of this position. As with everything in life, things change. The tasks and responsibilities can be changed, added to, removed, amended, deleted and modified at any time by the leadership group.",3.8,"Quicken Loans
3.8","Detroit, MI",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Private,Lending,Finance,$10+ billion (USD),-1
246,"Principal Scientist, Analytical Chemistry",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, inclusive, and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with 28 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. The company's diverse portfolio includes FDA-approved treatments for tardive dyskinesia, Parkinson's disease, endometriosis* and uterine fibroids*, with three pivotal and five mid-stage clinical programs in multiple therapeutic areas. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, the Principal Scientist is responsible for analytical development to support research and development, tech transfer and commercialization of drug substance and drug product processes, as well as oversight of batch testing/release and regulatory document contribution through managerial and individual input. In addition, s/he provides project management for analytical in support of Chemical and Product Development projects, provides analysis and evaluation of material and products at all stages of the development process, and monitors and evaluates completion of tasks and projects.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Plans and manages projects.
Represents Analytical Chemistry on cross-functional teams.
Maintains accountability for analytical deliverables and progress on R&D and manufacturing plans for all development projects.
Independently designs, plans and executes activities towards the goals of one or more analytical chemistry projects to support pre-clinical through commercial activities.
Supervises laboratory work and/or lab personnel and ensures safe laboratory practices.
Performs analytical development and optimizes methods in support of preclinical through commercialization.
Creates and implements novel ideas and techniques to support analytical activities with Chemical and Product Development.
Provides support for off-site analytical transfers, manufacturing support and interaction with contractors.
Provides input into CMC regulatory documentation and supporting work.
Provides effective supervision of laboratory personnel and guidance for their professional development.
Contributes to development of policies and department strategies.
Builds and enhances internal and external professional relationships.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:

BS/BA in Chemistry or related discipline and 8+ years of experience in the analytical/pharmaceutical development field. Experience in method transfer in Analytical Chemistry, OR
MS/MA in Chemistry or related discipline and 6+ years of experience, OR
PhD in Chemistry or related discipline and 4+ years of relevant experience; may include postdoc experience
Thorough understanding of analytical chemistry and a well-developed understanding of process chemistry as well as formulation development
Excellent interpersonal skills with strong oral and written communication abilities
Excellent laboratory and productivity skills
Method transfer experience in Analytical Chemistry
Good understanding of cGMP requirements in API and drug product
Demonstration of cross-functional understanding related to drug development
Assimilates data and research findings outside of Neurocrine for application to new scientific projects
Maintains broad knowledge of scientific principles and theories and possesses intellectual mastery of one or more scientific areas
May develop an understanding of other areas and related dependencies
Advanced knowledge and demonstrated ability working with / recommending a variety of laboratory equipment/tools.
Ability to work as part of and lead multiple teams
Exhibits leadership skill and ability, typically leads lower levels and/or indirect teams.
Excellent computer skills
Excellent communications, problem-solving, analytical thinking skills.
Sees broader picture, impact on multiple programs, teams and/or departments..
Ability to meet multiple deadlines across a variety of projects/programs, with a high degree of accuracy and efficiency.
Excellent project management skills.
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.",4.4,"Neurocrine Biosciences
4.4","San Diego, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1992,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
247,Data Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Scientist
In this role, you will be set on a constant “treasure hunt” for new data sources to apply the latest techniques for modeling and data analysis. You will be part of a team driving the profit and customer growth of this growing insurance agency.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities
Working with internal and external data to understand and accurately predict:
Shopping behavior;
Retention behavior;
Quote and conversion rates;
Retention and lifetime customer value;
Contribution to overall margin;
Customer satisfaction; and
Other drivers of success you identify worthy of analysis.
Qualifications and Education
Knowledge of new and innovative modeling and statistical techniques – a relevant specialty is preferred.
Detail orientation – attention and desire to work on large data “crunching” projects.
Strong written and oral communication skills and a proven ability to communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Creative thinker with the ability to synthesize information from various sources and apply that information to concrete business problems.
Ability to work with and understanding of the merits of various data structures.
Proficiency with the latest modeling software and techniques, such as SAS, R, Python or Tableau.
Ability to understand the need to balance predictive power, interpretability, and ease of implementation.

Education:
An advanced degree in mathematics, machine learning, economics, statistics or a related field.
About the Company
The Plymouth Rock Company and its affiliated group of companies write and manage over $1.4 billion in personal and commercial auto and homeowner’s insurance throughout the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, where we have built an unparalleled reputation for service. We continuously invest in technology, our employees thrive in our empowering environment, and our customers are among the most loyal in the industry. The Plymouth Rock group of companies employs more than 1,800 people and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock Assurance Corporation holds an A.M. Best rating of “A-/Excellent”.",3.5,"Plymouth Rock Assurance
3.5","Boston, MA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1982,Company - Private,Insurance Carriers,Insurance,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
248,Sr. Data Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Sr. Data Scientist

El Segundo, CA

About Nexon:

Nexon, a world leader in online games, is building a workplace based on mutual respect, good humor, and the pursuit of excellence because we believe that great games can only be built by amazing people. Our vision is to create high quality, innovative online games that create unforgettable experiences for players around the world.

Nexon has an ever-expanding worldwide team of over 6,000 employees, and boasts a diverse global portfolio that includes titles like MapleStory, Dungeon Fighter Online, KartRider and many more. If you want to be part of building an exciting game company and help chart the course of online gaming, let's talk!

About the role:

The Sr. Data Scientist is responsible for developing advanced machine learning algorithms and statistical models to solve critical problems and help deliver the best customer experiences. The Data Scientist partners with Business teams, Platform team, Security team, and other stakeholders to implement data science models into live production systems. The Data Scientist brings fresh perspectives to inform decision-making toward better player experience by translating player voice into insights.

What you'll be doing:
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data visualization and data-mining to tell the story behind numbers and find relevant insights for partners and leadership
Research and develop state-of-the-art machine learning, data mining, and statistical modeling solutions to understand game design, system performance and key business behaviors, such as player acquisition and retention
Establish scalable, automated processes for large scale data extraction, model development, model validation and model implementation
Design, prototype, and implement new ways to effectively communicate data science findings
Effectively translate statistical findings into actionable recommendations for senior leaders on game design and business teams
Analyze player big data, developing and testing data-fueled hypotheses, extracting useful information and turning it into helpful insight that can help us improve players' experiences
Bring a fresh perspective and a new dimension of analysis to bear on the challenge of identifying


What skills you'll need:
5+ years of experience translating data to insight to recommendations
BS (MS/PhD Preferred) in quantitative discipline (e.g. Math, Physics, Statistics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Economics)
Expertise in machine learning and statistical analysis approaches such as classification, clustering, regression, statistical inference, collaborative filtering, natural language processing, experimental design, social networking analysis, etc.
Experience managing advanced analytics projects which solve complex analytical problems using data mining technologies
Expertise in automating and deploying models in production systems
Experience with Big Data technologies (AWS EMR, Spark, Presto, Hadoop, etc.)
A true passion for understanding customer behavior on-platform and in-game
Expert analytical and problem solving skills, plus the ability to innovate and work independently
Strong skills in statistical methods (e.g. hypothesis testing, time series modeling)
Strong SQL skills and strong Python or R skills; familiarity with Jupyter or RStudio
Familiar with Hadoop, Apache Spark framework, SQL/NoSQL, Snowflake
Strong skills in building dashboards and visualizations (e.g Tableau, PowerBI, Quicksight)
Bonus Points:
Online gaming experience a BIG PLUS!
Experience in marketing machine leaning project a big plus



Nexon's benefits and perks:

We offer medical, dental and vision plans for you, your spouse or domestic partner and your children. Employees who enroll in the high deductible health plan receive an annual employer contribution to a health savings account and company paid hospital indemnity benefits. We also provide company paid life, AD&D, short-term and long-term disability benefits as well as access to voluntary life and AD&D for yourself and your dependents, flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) savings plan with a company match, and pet insurance. Nexies are encouraged to take advantage of our monthly wellness credit, participate in lunchtime yoga, and enroll in language classes. We host bi-monthly catered lunches, monthly happy hours, and maintain a well-stocked snack bar. To help you maintain a good work life balance, we offer paid time off, sick days, company holidays, and a year-end break.

Nexon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

]]>",2.6,"Nexon America Inc
2.6","El Segundo, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Video Games,Media,$10+ billion (USD),-1
249,"Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist - Saturday - Monday, 6:00pm - 6:30am shift - $3,000 sign on bonus!",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist provides leadership support to the technical lab staff. This person is also responsible for being the workflow and troubleshooting point person in the technical lab. This position is primarily responsible for coordinating and conducting day-to-day activities in the laboratory to ensure timely and accurate testing. The Lead Certified Clinical Laboratory Scientist works directly with the Clinical Laboratory Supervisor to anticipate and resolve issues related to efficiencies in throughput, staffing, and laboratory processes. This position is also responsible for verifying result release and pending list management and investigation. The Lead is expected to spend at approximately half of their time performing laboratory testing on the bench.
Shift: Saturday - Monday, 6:00pm - 6:30am
Relocation assistance is provided for this position

Performs highly complex analytic processes without direct supervision. Utilizes routine and specialized automated and non-automated laboratory procedures and/or techniques after completing training and demonstrating competency according to established lab section operating procedures.
Operates laboratory instruments, performance maintenance as needed and ensures proper functioning of laboratory equipment.
Identifies errors and problems, assists in troubleshooting instrument malfunction(s), and may assist service and support in performing preventive and corrective maintenance and repairs on laboratory equipment.
Completes required maintenance activities on equipment, recognizes and elevates potential issues to the team members responsible.
Maintains records and documentation of maintenance.
Calibrates laboratory instruments to ensure accuracy of test results. Performs quality control procedures as specified and maintains quality control records and documentation necessary to meet the standards of accrediting agencies.
Understands appropriate specimen collection, handling, and transport procedures.
Prepares specimens for analysis and determines acceptability of samples within guidelines.
Verifies accuracy, and enters data in the laboratory computer system, along with appropriate explanatory or interpretive information.
Assists the department supervisor in ensuring that all section turn-around times are maintained.
Validates acceptability of test results by review of quality control and all other test parameters.
Identifies the technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes of unexpected test results.
Evaluates and calculates quality control statistics to assess accuracy, reproducibility, and validity of current laboratory methods.
Monitors quality assurance and assists in data collection and preparation of QA indicators.
Performs internal and external proficiency testing. Handles proficiency testing samples in the same manner as patient samples.
Meets work product output expectations.
Understand and assist with Quality Control Specialist in performing lot to lot and analyzer to analyzer testing.
Complies with all safety and hazard regulations as outlined in the Clinical Laboratory Safety Manual and ensures that all employees are following laboratory and regulatory guidelines. Understands, maintains, and enforces safety guidelines.
Utilizes statistical methods to assess laboratory testing.
Observes and demonstrates principles of data security and patient confidentiality.
Maintains ethical standards in the performance of testing and in interactions with patients, co-workers, and other health care professionals.
Performs analytical and decision-making functions without direct supervision.
Prioritizes order of testing based on priority of request, workload, and testing schedules to meet turn-around times. Coordinates general workflow in assigned area daily to ensure workload is satisfied.
Differentiates technical, instrumental, and/or physiologic causes for unexpected test results.
Resolves and documents resolution of all QC results which fail lab criteria and institutes corrective action.
Evaluates instrument/method failure and determines when back-up methods must be initiated.
Responds to technical questions of laboratory staff and others in Exact Sciences Labs.
Participates in continuing education and staff meetings. Responsible for own professional development.
Assists with training and competency of employees.
Assists with knowledge transfer of changes and additions to laboratory procedures, processes and policies, including methodology and instrument operation.
May be requested to give lectures or provide demonstrations. May assist the education coordinator in the development of objectives, learning activities and evaluation mechanisms.
Provides technical information and/or instruction to clients, new employees, medical students, residents, peers, and the public as requested and where appropriate.
Contributes to design, research, review and writing of laboratory procedures. Remains informed of procedure updates and changes and ensures employees demonstrate knowledge and competency regarding changes.
Primary source of contact for staff in the laboratory area for technical and administrative problem solving.
Conducts check in meetings with members of their respective shift.
Participates in year-end reviews of employees by providing input and delivering the review.
Maintains adequate inventory of reagents and supplies.
Suggests cost-effective laboratory procedures and protocol changes.
Applies step by step thinking, problem solving and critical thinking patterns.
Supervises laboratory personnel as assigned.
Provide specimen processing leadership as needed.
Implements changes as assigned in response to new technology and laboratory procedures.
Reviews daily data reports as requested.
Reports test results through ESSS (Exact Sciences Software System).
Maintains open and effective communication with personnel in work team, and with members of other teams throughout the laboratory.
Demonstrates willingness to cooperate with team members and with cross-functional groups in the laboratory to accomplish timely and accurate testing.
Demonstrates professional demeanor, in personal appearance and behavior, in all work-related interactions inside and outside of the laboratory.
Demonstrates adaptability by embracing changes in the laboratory with a positive attitude.
Provides constructive criticism for modification of laboratory procedures, policies and test/employee scheduling.
Interacts with other healthcare workers to solve problems and interprets patient lab results within the framework of medical technology.
Ability to respond to stakeholder requests in a professional and timely manner.
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills and strong attention to detail.
Ability to train others on technical concepts and test for understanding.
Position requires work in normal laboratory environment. Special uniform and personal protective equipment are required while working in the laboratory.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to use near vision to view samples at close range.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as hear timers go off, etc.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as communicating with staff, patients, colleagues, and providers.
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to perform the essential functions of the job such as the stress of reporting STAT lab work and performing multiple lab tests simultaneously.
Ability to lift and move 20-40 pounds on an occasional basis (up to 25% of time).
Ability to stand, walk, bend and reach on a regular basis (standing ≈75% of time; sitting ≈25% of time).
Ability to grasp with both hands; pinch with thumb and forefinger; turn with hand/arm; reach above shoulder height.
Ability to listen and speak on the telephone and write simultaneously.
Ability to operate telephone system and computer keyboard and mouse.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Clinical Laboratory Science or Medical Technology or in the chemical or biological sciences. Must satisfy the education requirements of the applicable certifying agency, i.e. ASCP.
Possession of appropriate certification at time of hire from one of the nationally recognized certification agencies, i.e. ASCP or state licensure that has been determined to be equivalent, and maintain throughout employment in position.
6+ years relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for Certified Lead roles responsible for testing New York and California samples.
4+ years of relevant experience in a clinical laboratory desired for the Certified Lead roles that are not responsible for New York or California sample testing.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in molecular testing desired.

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.",4.1,"Exact Sciences Corporation
4.1","Madison, WI",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1995,Company - Public,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
250,"Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer, Applied Science",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Scientist/Senior Scientist/Lead Scientist - (Machine Learning Engineers) will work with the rest of the team to research, invent, and implement the next generation prediction, optimization, and analytics technology. You are a brilliant, motivated self-starter and an extremely fast learner with top notch problem solving, and analytical skills. You have a deep sense of curiosity and innate desire to dig deep into terabytes of data and love to play with the innards of complex algorithms, mathematical constructs and code.

Responsibilities
Research, design and/or implement solutions to challenging problems in real-time bidding domain, such as all kinds of optimization problems, audience understanding, etc.
Research and improve features and machine learning models for production pipeline.
Provide insights and suggestions on customer campaign optimization problems and product/platform optimization problems through statistical data analysis when needed.
Drive innovation by identifying and formulating new problems, publishing papers, filing patents, etc.
Required Qualifications
PhD degree in a closely related field (e.g.: computer science/engineering, optimization) with publications in the area is strongly preferred
Or Masters with significant experience in advertising and Machine Learning
Experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling, optimization, algorithms, big-data, game theory
Proficiency with one or more programming languages - ability to write/debug production code.
Excellent communication skills – ability to present and communicate complex ideas in simple terms
Strong statistical/math/analytical abilities; Exceptional problem solving skills
Desired Qualifications
Previous experience in the advertising industry
Strong programming experience with Java, C/C++, Python and/or Scala
Excellent knowledge in algorithms and data structures
#LI-KM1

About Amobee
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter.

Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee

In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please.",3.8,"Amobee
3.8","Redwood City, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
251,Data Scientist - Defense & Intelligence,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Data Science - Defense & Intelligence

Elder Research Inc. is a Data Science consulting firm specialized in providing analytic solutions to clients in Commercial and Government industries. Providing analytic solutions to hundreds of companies across numerous industries, our team enjoys a great variety in the type of work they do and exposure to a wide range of techniques and tools

We are trusted advisors to our clients, building lasting relationships and partnering as preferred analytics providers. We use a variety of programming languages and tools to create analytic solutions, often fitting within our clients’ environment and needs.

Summary of Position:

As a Data Scientist, you will work directly with clients, managers and technical staff to understand business needs, develop technical plans, and deliver data-driven analytical solutions that solve client problems. You will primarily create and deploy predictive models from a wide variety of data sources and types using the latest mathematical and statistical methods.

Essential Functions:

• Exploration, cleaning, and wrangling to understand available data

• Meetings and discussions with clients and co-workers to refine understanding of the business problem at hand

• Trying different predictive modeling approaches to identify the best fit for a given set of business understanding, available data, and project timeline

• Writing re-usable code in R, Python, Java, Scala, SQL, or other languages, and working to refine it through code review and discussion

• Applying statistics to understand the significance of different attributes

• Preparing presentations, writing reports, and working to communicate technical results to clients with varying levels of analytic sophistication

• Ability to work independently in a collaborative, dynamic, cross-functional environment

• Travel to and work on-site at clients both local and non-local. Number of days at client site vary depending on project requirements.

Job Specifications/Requirements:

• Bachelor of Science degree or Masters degree in Operation Research, Industrial Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science or related fields.

• Current DOD Top Secret Clearance and eligible for SCI access and ACCM read-on

• Proficient with one of more of the following programming languages (Java, C++, Python, R)

• Demonstrated experience applying data science methods to real-world problems.

• Knowledge and experience in data wrangling, advanced statistical data analysis and modeling

• Capable of communicating complex models and concepts in non-technical language

• Comfortable learning new things and working outside of your comfort zone

• Strong English-speaking and writing skills

Desired Skills

· 3+ years of experience in a data science role

· Experience working with some of the following technologies: AWS/C2S, Solr, NoSQL databases (MongoDB, DynamoDB, Redis, HBase, Cassandra, Accumulo, Neo4j, etc.), Caffe/TensorFlow/Keras/etc, Hadoop, Spark, Pig

· Experience building models and tools to help analysts understand data and answer intelligence questions

· Experience using Data Science libraries in Python or R: tidyverse, NumPy, SciPy, andas

· Familiarity with commercial and open source data science software: IBM SPSS Modeler, SAS, KNIME, RapidMiner, Statistica

· Familiarity with software development (Scala, C#, Java, JavaScript, etc.)

· Familiarity with relational databases, Oracle, SQL, and ETL tools

· Security+ certified

· Proficiency with unsupervised, semi-supervised, and supervised learning algorithms and technologies.

· Domain expertise: counterintelligence, insider threat, intelligence data sources (HUMINT, SIGINT, IMINT, and OSINT)

About Elder Research, Inc

Elder Research is a fast growing consulting firm specializing in predictive analytics. Being in the data mining business over 20 years, we pride ourselves in our ability to find creative, cutting edge solutions to real-world problems. In keeping with our entrepreneurial spirit, we want candidates who are self-motivated with an innate curiosity and strong team work. We work hard to provide the best value to our clients and allow each person to contribute their ideas and put their skills to use immediately.

Elder Research believes in continuous learning; each week the entire company attends a “Tech Talk” followed by an office lunch. Elder Research provides a supportive work environment with established parental, bereavement, and PTO policies. By prioritizing a healthy work-life balance - with reasonable hours, solid pay, low travel, and extremely flexible time off - Elder Research enables and encourages its employees to serve others.

Elder Research, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.",3.8,"Elder Research Inc
3.8","Arlington, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1995,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$5 to $10 million (USD),-1
252,Process Development Scientist (Process Development and Technology Operations),$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"ArsenalBio’s mission is to develop efficacious and safe cellular therapies for patients with chronic diseases, initially cancer. Our products are being designed to herald the transition of adoptive cell therapy from a hospital based treatment to outpatient therapy, like most other cancer treatments. Our people are our greatest asset, they bring scientific talents in molecular biology, immunology, pharmacology, protein chemistry, computational biology, automation, genome engineering, software and other fields to make the future happen now.

We are seeking a talented and motivated Scientist to join the ArsenalBio Process Development team. The individual will work closely with team members to develop GMP-compatible processes and procedures that will lead to the effective manufacture of our cell therapy products. This position will report into the Process Development team lead and aid in the technical development of a GMP-enabling cell therapy manufacturing process. The individual will also interact cross-functionally within Process Development and Tech Ops and across the organization to enable the success of ArsenalBio.
What You Will Do
Plan, execute, analyze, and report on experiments and analytic assays to support the development of a GMP process to manufacture, characterize, and release T cell therapy products.
Compile documentation (protocols, batch records, and study reports) to facilitate transfer of ArsenalBio’s process to external CDMO(s)
Collaborate closely with other functions to enable effective and successful project execution
Actively engage in cross-functional collaboration with peers to overcome technical challenges
Organize, communicate, and present complex data sets to key stakeholders and senior management
Assist cross-functional activities including hand-offs to various teams, compiling data, and presenting at project meetings
What You Will Bring
PhD in a relevant scientific discipline (such as Biotechnology, Bioprocess engineering, Immunology, Molecular Biology, or Biochemistry)
Expertise in clinical scale human immune cell isolation, T cell expansion, and mammalian cell culture techniques required
2+ years of relevant research experience in T cell biology and/or immunotherapy preferred
Prior experience in cell therapy and/or process development teams preferred
Expertise in multi-color flow cytometry analyses including panel design and data analysis required
Understanding of cGMP environment, Design of Experiment (DOE), and Quality by Design (QBD) principles for process and assay development, qualification, and validation preferred
Experience in harvest, fill, finish and evaluation of cryopreservation techniques preferred
Experience in T cell functional assays including cytotoxicity, cytokine/chemokine, and proliferation a plus
Ability to quickly adapt and learn new skills for changing research priorities
Flexible mind with the ability to think outside the box, creative approach to problem-solving
Demonstrated ability to work well in a highly collaborative team environment, coordinate tasks across multiple projects to meet deadlines
Willingness to accept other responsibilities outside of initial job description
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status

To all recruitment agencies: ArsenalBio does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, or Arsenalbio employees. ArsenalBio is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.",5.0,"Arsenal Biosciences
5.0","South San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2019,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
253,Data Scientist,$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"As a part of the Data Science team, you will run the development of next-generation platforms for customers micro-segmentation, clusterization, behavior analysis, and prediction as well as building up new improved recommendation systems for the customers.

You will use your expertise to design data science models and frameworks, data processing pipelines, and lead efforts of the ML models productization.

You will use project management skills to manage the deliverables and ensure all stakeholder work is complete on time. You will also manage stakeholder communications and present your project across a wide spectrum of management levels.

The position requires excellent communication skills and experience working directly with technical teams as well as with business stakeholders. Being able to present findings in a meaningful and clear way is a must.

Responsibilities:
Work with a team of skilled data scientists
Plan the R&D process to fit sprint goals as well as the project milestones.
Drive the collection, cleaning, processing, and analysis of new and existing data sources.
Lead ML models development using Python/Tensorflow/Keras/Spark stack.
Communicate with business stakeholders to clarify their requirements and present the teamwork results.
Requirements:
Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or relevant field and with 3+ years’ experience in related data science and software engineering roles.
Experience with look-alike modeling and sequential-input models, RNNs (LSTM, GRU, etc.)
Strong working experience in Python, SQL and NoSQL DBs.
Practical skills in usage of big data technologies and tools including Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Spark.
Fluency in such technologies like Scikit-learn, Pandas,Tensorflow, keras, gensim, stanfordNLP, PySpark.
Great communication and presentation skills. Proven ability to present progress made by the team to senior business management and the project stakeholders.
Familiarity with Container Development (using dockers)
Familiarity with cloud ML Platforms (Google AI Platform, Amazon Sagemaker, MS Azure AI Platform) is a plus.
We offer:
Opportunity to work on bleeding-edge projects
Work with a highly motivated and dedicated team
Very competitive salary
Flexible schedule
Medical insurance
Benefits program
Corporate social events
Professional development opportunities
NB:

Placement and Staffing Agencies need not apply. We do not work with C2C at this time. At this moment, we are not able to process H1B transfers. Applicants with CPT and OPT visas are welcome to apply.

About Us:

Grid Dynamics is the engineering services company known for transformative, mission-critical cloud solutions for retail, finance and technology sectors.

We architected some of the busiest e-commerce services on the Internet and have never had an outage during the peak season.

Founded in 2006 and headquartered in San Ramon, California with offices throughout the US and Eastern Europe, we focus on big data analytics, omnichannel services, DevOps, and cloud enablement.",3.9,"Grid Dynamics
3.9","Plano, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
254,"Real World Science, Data Scientist",$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"Title: Real World Science, Data Scientist
Location: Gaithersburg, MD

At AstraZeneca we turn ideas into life changing medicines. Working here means being entrepreneurial, thinking big and working together to make the impossible a reality.
Were focused on the potential of science to address the unmet needs of patients around the world. We commit to those areas where we think we can really change the course of medicine and bring big new ideas to life.

Job Description

The Real World Science & Digital team is a growing group within AstraZenecas global Evidence function which is driving the scientific use of Real World Data to accelerate the way patients access innovative medicines. The Real World Science and Digital team comprises of a core quantitative group, Digital Platform leads and Data Strategy experts providing AstraZeneca with an enterprise hub for Real World Science. AstraZeneca has a rich history in Real World Evidence, having developed a coherent strategy to develop and internalize data assets the group is now amplifying those investments through a dedicated Real World Data Science capability. Real World Data Scientists who are successful in this role will work on challenging problems, using innovative approaches to accelerate the delivery of Real World Insights and Evidence for key internal and external stakeholders.

The ideal candidate for this role will bring a proven track record of delivering value through the leverage of routinely collected data from healthcare settings to provide health analytics and insights in a range of contexts including Public Health, Pharmaceutical Research and Development and Commercial/ Payer.

They will collaborate with colleagues in Epidemiology, Statistics and Payer, giving scientific and technical guidance on study design, RW data selection and best practice in RW data utilization.

In addition, they will assist in advancing and shaping AZs Real World Science data strategy through the due diligence on new data providers/vendors, informatics support for data acquisitions in a range of Therapeutic Areas.

The role will promote best practice in Real World Data Science across multiple domains, and/or stakeholder groups.

Typical Accountabilities
Collaborate with Payer and Epidemiology teams to maximise the value derived from large observational research data
Deliver analyses of data from EMR, claims and primary observational data required by TA RWE strategies
Support the development of IVS strategies and selection of optimised contact models for prioritised markets through analysis of RWD
Provide scientific guidance on the application of Real World Evidence and observational research data to address issues across the Oncology and Biopharmaceuticals business units
Provide technical input, options and directions to strategic decisions made by AZ observational study teams on study design, data partner selection and best practices in RWE data utilization
Support technical teams to provide access to analytical tools and develop visual analytics to enable self-serving applications for end customers
Provide clear technical input, options, and direction to strategic decisions on RWE platform and capability build
Provide support for strategic decisions on AZ Medical Evidence and Observational Research external collaborations in the US and other markets
Assist in building a capability that becomes a source of sustained competitive advantage for AZ in identifying, acquiring, integrating and mining diverse RW data from multiple geographic and healthcare system sources to support evidence generation and real-world studies
Evaluate and assess strengths and weaknesses of external RW data sources, and potential partners for advancing the data strategy for specific therapeutic areas
Maintain a strong insight into the capabilities of potential external partners in RWE, especially for US and emerging markets.
Education, Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Key Relationships to reach solutions

Internal (to AZ or team)
Payer Evidence & Planning
Epidemiologists
Observational Research teams
Oncology and Biopharmaceuticals Medical Affairs Leads
Product and portfolio strategy
Medical Evidence Planning
Key experts in Data science /Analytics environments at AZ, and external partner organizations.
External (to AZ)
AZ RWS existing, prospective or potential partner organizations,
Key academic collaborators and thought leaders
Essential Requirements
PhD or MS in data science or other advanced degree in life sciences with post doctoral or other training/work in Medical/Health Informatics or related field
Experience in real-world evidence and familiarity with health economics/epidemiology, and quantitative science such as health outcome modelling
Expertise in EMR/Health IT, disease registries, and insurance claims databases
Expertise in clinical data standards, medical terminologies and controlled vocabularies used in healthcare data and ontologies (ICD9/10/ReadCode)
Experience in supporting pharmacoepidemiology studies with proven track record of advancing approaches with data science
Experience in Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) generation and execution for observational studies
Expertise in methods development and application using statistical languages such as R/Matlab/SAS/SQL/Hadoop/Python
Experience in advanced visualisation and visual analytics of routinely collected healthcare data
Desirable
Expertise in data mining approaches within healthcare settings generating insight from routinely collected healthcare data
A history of patient care or equivalent background of working at a patient care setting that allows the candidate to bring medical perspective into real-world evidence generation and observational studies
Demonstrated ability to build long-term relationships with stakeholders at senior levels, understand relevant scientific/business challenges at a deep level and translate into a programme of informatics activities to deliver defined value
Ability to lead & manage multi-disciplinary data science projects
Strong track record of delivering large, cross functional projects
Experience working in a global organization and delivering global solutions
Use of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence in the generation of hypotheses within Real World Data",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
255,Pharmacovigilance Scientist (Sr. Scientist/Associate Director),$74k-$123k (Glassdoor Est.),"RESPONSIBILITIES:

Safety Surveillance:
Participates in the development, planning, and oversight of regulatory documents including the preparation of DSURs, IND Annual Reports and other global periodic safety reports
Perform ongoing review TFLs and AE data from ongoing studies to evaluate common AEs, lab abnormalities, and summarize the results.
Review and draft SAE narratives to support clinical development activities including CSR, interim analysis, business partner reports, review and QC CSR safety sections
Identify relevant safety data, conduct safety analysis and, evaluate, summarize safety data in support of regulatory submission activities, signal detection and management activities, or in response to ad hoc safety inquiries from health authorities, track all safety related activities
Drug Safety Medical Review:
Participates in and supports management of medical review of individual case safety reports (ICSRs/SAEs) for Ionis products throughout the life cycle, including review of SUSARs.
Assist with clinical end point adjudication process for phase III studies. Some of the responsibilities include but not limited too; independent review of SAE source documents, generation of queries to ensure SAE/AE information gathered is complete and creation of event summaries.
Review and draft SAE narratives to support clinical development activities including CSR, interim analysis, business partner reports, review and QC CSR safety sections
REQUIREMENTS:
Education: Master’s in life sciences - PharmD, RPh, PhD, RN, PA
Experience: minimum 5-6 years’ experience in pharmacovigilance in a pharmaceutical or
biotechnology company.
Experienced in pre- and post-approval pharmacovigilance activities, including safety
reporting, signal detection activities (safety data analysis, categorization, assessment).
Solid clinical knowledge and strong analytical ability to review, evaluate, interpret, and
synthesize scientific data.
Strong proficiency in verbal and written communication; great attention to detail, ability to
meet project deadlines

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $60.00 - $100.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Positions are being worked remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Location:
Carlsbad, CA 92008 (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Do you have a minimum of five years experience working in biotech/pharma or CRO company?
Contract Renewal:
Likely
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",-1,Well Established Biotech,"Carlsbad, CA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
256,Data Scientist,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"About Known

Known is a modern marketing company engineered for the unprecedented challenges and opportunities facing marketers today. Known pairs PhD data scientists with award-winning creatives, expert research teams and strategists. Known is anchored by two decades of groundbreaking market research and data science capabilities, which uniquely empower our marketing strategy and acclaimed creative groups, who produce some of the most innovative, cutting-edge creative work in culture. The result? Marketing that is predisposed to succeed and be persistently optimized, directly impacting clients' bottom lines. Our clients span the leading brands in finance, technology, media, CPG, real estate and many other categories. Known has over 200 employees in 6 US cities including Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Austin, Boston and New York. Our teams have won multiple Emmys, Clios, Effies, Cannes Lions Awards and ProMax Agency of the Year three times.

Known's Media Science team uses advanced analytics, machine learning, statistics, and algorithms to plan and optimize advertising dollars. We partner with our clients to translate their business goals into meaningful metrics, and buy media across all channels to drive those target outcomes. We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the team and work alongside other data analysts, data scientists, and software engineers.

The ideal candidate will have:
Fluency in Spanish
A Masters or PhD from a well-regarded college or university. STEM degrees are preferred.
3+ years of hands-on experience doing quantitative analysis, modeling, optimization and/or statistics. Experience utilizing Python (or similar language) and SQL.
Superb communication and presentation skills
A desire to work on advertising challenges that require flexibility in approach -- everything from on-the-fly analytics to statistics, big data, machine learning, and mathematical algorithms
An ability to translate business challenges into quantitative problems, and solve them by whatever means necessary, which may not always be strict machine learning
A willingness to learn foundational knowledge and skills rapidly
An ability to think strategically, analytically, and proactively about diverse business problems
A commitment to managing the quality & accuracy of analytics, ensuring high standards with your and others' work
Experience in advertising or advertising technology is a plus
Experience multi-tasking in a fast-paced environment is a plus
Experience working directly with clients is a plus
Experience working on a tech team is a plus, with experience in cloud technologies, version control, etc.
Your responsibilities would include:
Driving performance for our media campaigns and amazing our clients
Day-to-day management of advertising spend you're responsible for, including ideation on quantitative approaches for driving value, monitoring metrics, and troubleshooting issues
Developing new techniques (e.g., ML models, optimization algorithms, and automation) to optimize KPIs and improve Known IP
Building analyses, stories and slides for client reports
Interfacing directly with clients to communicate results
Productionalizing workflows and contributing your code to our Known repos
Operating existing software infrastructure to traffic, evaluate performance, and analyze media
#LI-AM1",3.5,"Known
3.5","New York, NY",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2004,Company - Private,Advertising & Marketing,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
257,Aviation Data Scientist,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE performs leading-edge research and development toward transformational solutions to our world’s most challenging problems. Our Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development is a Federally-Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) established to serve as strategic partners to the federal government and various aviation groups around the world. Our engineers, analysts, technical and operational experts team to solve problems in the public interest that improve the safety and efficiency of the airspace system in the U.S. and abroad. The Aviation Operations, Procedures & Safety division is seeking a highly qualified engineer to work in one of the following areas: Airspace and Procedure Design and Analysis; Airport and Airspace Analysis, Modeling and Design; Performance-Based Navigation Standards and Tools; and Aviation Safety Analysis. The candidate will work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging the largest repository of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the aviation system. Come join a globally recognized partner and resource for data driven solutions that impact public good. The candidate will be responsible for: - Contributing to various projects applying innovative analysis techniques across multiple challenging problems in the field of aviation. - Working closely with other engineers and scientists in the design of exploratory analyses or simulations pertaining to aviation issues. - Drawing conclusions from a wide range of aviation system data and articulating key findings in both written and verbal form. Developing data visualization products that simplify presentation of big data calculations. Qualifications: - Knowledge of programming/scripting languages (eg. Python, MATLAB, R, Perl) - Familiarity with statistical analysis packages (eg. SAS, JMP) - Familiarity with machine learning techniques and algorithm development. - Excellent written and verbal communication skills. In-person presentation and writing sample may be requested. - Experience with data visualization software (eg. Tableau, D3) - Knowledge of data processing capabilities (eg. Hadoop, Pig, Spark, SQL). Skill is desired, but not required - Experience working in the aviation domain: airport operation, air traffic control, airlines. Skill is desired, but not required BS or MS in Operations Research, Applied Mathematics/Statistics Computer Science, Systems Engineering, or other physical science/engineering

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.2,"MITRE
3.2","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
258,"Scientist – Immunochemistry R&D, Method Development and Validation",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB DESCRIPTION

Title: Scientist – Immunochemistry R&D, Method Development and Validation

Division / Dept.: Immunochemistry

Location: Richmond, VA (Office Based)

Note: Full time, Benefits, Relocation Assistance Available

PPD is a leading global contract research organization providing comprehensive, integrated drug development, laboratory and lifecycle management services. At PPD, we are passionate, deliberate, and driven by our purpose- to improve health!

Envision a workplace where you have a direct impact on improving health, work alongside expert scientists, use newest technologies and collaborate with industry thought leaders and therapeutic experts. Welcome to PPD® Laboratories, where science is our passion, quality is our commitment and people are the cornerstone of our success.

As a Scientist you will perform a variety of complex sample preparation and analysis procedures to quantitatively measure pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical compounds in a variety of formulations and/or biological matrices.

At PPD we hire the best, develop ourselves and each other, and recognize the power of being one team. We offer continued career advancement opportunities, award winning training and benefits focused on the health and well being of our employees.

To learn how PPD can advance your career, apply now!

BioA Overview:

https://www.ppd.com/our-solutions/ppd-laboratories/bioanalytical-lab/

LinkedIn Video Landing Page:

https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/ppd-laboratories/?feedView=videos

#GD

#LI-JC1

PPDLABS

Job Qualification

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent and relevant formal academic / vocational qualification
Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to 2+ years’) or equivalent combination of education, training, & experience.
OR Masters degree

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Performs immunoassay method development, validation, and troubleshooting in support of pharmacokinetic, toxicokinetic, immunogenicity (ADA), and pharmacodynamic studies involving novel therapeutics in the pharmaceutical industry.
BioPharmaceutical Testing (ELISA, Gel Electrophoresis)
Manual dexterity.
Communicate effectively and follow detailed written and verbal instruction.
Cooperate with coworkers within an organized team environment or work alone with supervision.
Manage time effectively to complete assignments in expected time frame.
Maintain a laboratory notebook and complete all documentation with clear and accurate language and according to the SOP.
Proficient in the use of analytical instrumentation, skills in separation science techniques are desired.
Proficient in sample extraction procedures.
Ability to plan, schedule and carry out work for successful project completion.
Proficient in the operation of the computer and data acquisition programs.
Positive attitude and ability to work well with others.
Ability to write protocols and reports with minimum supervision

PPD Benefits Overview:

PPD offers comprehensive benefits including medical, dental, vision, pharmacy, employee assistance program, wellness program options and more.

Other benefits include:

401k with matching contributions, life insurance, long term and short term disability insurance, flexible medical and dependent care spending accounts.
Work life balance programs including paid time off for vacation/sick time, paid holidays, floating holiday and vacation sell back program.
Wellness benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness facility access or discount, health coaching and more.
Education reimbursement and tuition assistance programs, professional development training, skills training, education loan repayment plan, dependent scholarship program and more.
Employee appreciation events, service recognition awards, annual reviews, merit plans and bonus plans
Community connections and activities including philanthropic engagement, volunteer service projects and more
Other great options including pet insurance, legal and financial services plan, auto and home insurance discounts.

Below Is Listed The Working Environment/requirements For This Role

PPD values the health and wellbeing of our employees. We support and encourage individuals to create a healthy and balanced environment where they can thrive.

Able to communicate, receive, and understand information and ideas with diverse groups of people in a comprehensible and reasonable manner
Able to work upright and stationary and/or standing for typical working hours
Able to lift and move objects up to 25 pounds
Able to work in non-traditional work environments
Able to use and learn standard office equipment and technology with proficiency
May have exposure to potentially hazardous elements, including infectious agents, typically found in healthcare or laboratory environments
Able to perform successfully under pressure while prioritizing and handling multiple projects or activities
Diversity Statement
PPD is proud to be an affirmative action employer that values diversity as a strength and fosters an environment of mutual respect. PPD is committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, pregnancy, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or status within any other protected group.",3.7,"PPD
3.7","Richmond, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
259,Aviation Data Scientist & Machine Learning Engineer,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE has an immediate opening for an Aviation Data Scientist with a specialization in machine learning to be part of a dynamic team of professionals working to improve the efficiency of traffic flow management operations in the United States National Airspace System (NAS). We are looking to expand our team with someone with demonstrated technical excellence involving analysis of aviation data and the application of machine learning techniques to solving complex problems.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.2,"MITRE
3.2","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
260,"Senior Scientist, Bioinformatics, Assay Development",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"GRAIL is a healthcare company whose mission is to detect cancer early, when it can be cured. GRAIL is focused on alleviating the global burden of cancer by developing pioneering technology to detect and identify multiple deadly cancer types early. The company is using the power of next-generation sequencing, population-scale clinical studies, and state-of-the-art computer science and data science to enhance the scientific understanding of cancer biology, and to develop its multi-cancer early detection blood test. GRAIL is headquartered in Menlo Park, CA with locations in Washington, D.C., North Carolina, and the United Kingdom. It is supported by leading global investors and pharmaceutical, technology, and healthcare companies. For more information, please visit www.grail.com.

In this role, you will work with a team of talented scientists to develop state of the art assays to detect cancer signals at an early stage. You will be involved in the design of experiments, analysis of the raw data and interpretation of the results to improve assay performance. You will lead analytical efforts to characterize and improve assay attributes to make them more efficient and sensitive. You will also design and perform simulation studies to evaluate the effect of assay modifications on the classification results.
You Will:
Act as a core member of the R&D team leading the analytical aspects of new assay development.
Support a team of assay scientists to characterize and evaluate assay performance.
Run in silico experiments to simulate assay modifications and characterize assay attributes.
Perform complex analysis of large genomic data sets.
Present project updates, data analysis, and experimental conclusions at technical meetings.

Your Background Includes:

Master or PhD in computational biology, bioinformatics, statistics, biological sciences, cancer biology, genetics, genomics, computer science, physics, engineering, or equivalent preparation and experience.
In-depth knowledge of genomics, epigenetics, and Next Generation Sequencing workflows.
Preferred, 3 years of relevant experience in positions of increasing responsibility.
Demonstrated expertise in at least one programming language (R, Python, Go.)
Proficiency in Linux environment, version control tools, and reproducible research practices.
Proven knowledge of statistics.
Demonstrated ability to uncover new biological insights from large genomics datasets.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to multitask as needed in a complex environment.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.",3.7,"GRAIL
3.7","Menlo Park, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2016,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
261,DATA SCIENTIST,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB SUMMARY

The position will focus on building products to democratize machine learning and consequently improve the cost and quality of patient care. This position involves development of tools that accelerate analytics and machine learning for the organization. Developing models that encompass all aspects of hospital operations, including clinical, operational, and financial data. Also responsible for teaching data analysts and software engineers how to work effectively with vast quantities of data
This position requires full understanding and active participation in fulfilling the Mission of Blessing Health System. It is expected that the employee demonstrate behavior consistent with the Core Values while supporting the strategic plan, goals and direction of the Performance Improvement Process (PIP) at Blessing Health System.

JOB QUALIFICATIONS

Education/Training/Experience:
REQUIRED:
Graduate or post graduate university degree in the field of computer science, mathematics, or statistics,
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in healthcare analytics
Fluency with at least one scripting language such as Python, Perl, etc.
Expert knowledge of statistical analysis tools such as R, Matlab, etc.
Experience with very large datasets
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel and other office projects required.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Pay Status:
EXEMPT

IND0

Blessing Health System provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Blessing Health System complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Blessing Health System expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Blessing Health System’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.

19437

Location: Blessing Hospital · DECISION SUPPORT
Schedule: Full-Time, Days, Monday-Friday, 8:00am-5:00pm, 40 hours weekly",3.8,"Blessing Hospital
3.8","Quincy, IL",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1875,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
262,20-0031 RD Associate Scientist 1,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Streck is seeking to grow their research and development team by recruiting an innovative and results-driven scientist to join the team. This scientist will be responsible for the initiation, design, development, execution, and implementation of scientific research projects. The person selected for this position will be a member of the growing and dynamic Molecular group within Streck’s R&D team. As a member of this group, the person key contributor in both proposing and investigating new and innovative product opportunities for clinical diagnostics and/or related markets.

Theprimary responsibilitiesinclude:
Design and execute research and development experiments for the investigation of new and innovative products for clinical and/or related markets
Conduct research according to applicable regulatory guidelines - including FDA design control requirements
Support process/product validation, process/product improvement initiatives, and investigational studies
Collect, record, analyze, and interpret experimental data and report results
Carry out a diverse range of tests utilizing chemical and molecular biological analysis techniques
Requirements include:
B.S. in microbiology, molecular biology, biochemistry, or related biomedical discipline. M.S. is a plus
Experience developing molecular diagnostics tests and/or instrumentation in a clinical and/or industry setting
Certified molecular or microbiology technologist by the American Society of Clinical Pathologists MB(ASCP), M(ASCP), or equivalent is a plus
Experience with microbiology-based applications, including molecular and phenotypic tests is a plus
Hands-on experience with routine molecular tests, including DNA/RNA extraction, PCR, Sanger and next-generation sequencing
Works well in a collaborative and team-oriented environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Visitwww.streckcareers.com to learn more about Streck and apply for this opportunity.

Streck develops and delivers quality control and diagnostic products that touch millions of lives and help validate the reputations of laboratories, hospitals and clinicians all over the world.
For all of us at Streck, our job is not simply about scientific accuracy. It is just as much about responsiveness, commitment and responsibility.
The result is something science alone cannot create: Trust.

Streck is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and forbids discrimination against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, gender (including pregnancy, gender stereotyping and caregiver status), sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, national origin, disability, genetic information, citizenship, marital status or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.",3.7,"Streck
3.7","La Vista, NE",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1971,Company - Private,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
263,"Environmental Engineer, Scientist, or Geologist - 4 to 8 Years Experience",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Work for an Industry Leader
Challenging Projects & Dynamic Work Environment
Extensive Training Program
Community Service Opportunities

Langan is an award-winning ENR Top 500 Design Firm that offers integrated engineering and environmental services for both public and private sector clients at sites located throughout the United States and abroad. Langan receives numerous recognitions for its technical expertise as well as its work environment, including “Best Places to Work” by NJBIZ, Zweig Group’s “Hot Firm” and ranked “Best Firm to Work For” in four categories, “Best Places to Work in Pennsylvania” by Best Companies Group and Pittsburgh Business Times “Best Places to Work in Western PA”, “Top Engineering Firm” by both San Francisco Business Times and Silicon Valley Business Journal. Visit our website for more information about our awards and recognitions.

Langan offers its employees opportunities that provide challenge and responsibility within an environment where they can grow and flourish! Join our team of industry leaders and make a difference on some of the most exciting and interesting projects in the field!

Langan has an opening for an Environmental Scientist, Geologist, or Environmental Engineer – 4 to 8 Years Experience in our Pittsburgh, PA office. As the successful candidate, you will be responsible for providing field services for construction and site remediation projects, including performing field tests and collecting field data, monitoring complex construction and remediation projects, compiling daily reports, and preparing written applications, reports, and other documentation for submittal to clients and regulatory agencies.

Job Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Environmental Engineering, Environmental Science, or related field required, Master's degree preferred;
4 to 8 years of prior related environmental experience;
Knowledge of PA environmental regulations required;
Field experience related to site investigations and remediation projects required;
Office experience related to scheduling, technical report writing and lab coordination;
Demonstrated ability to organize and implement field work, and to provide initial field training to new team members;
Strong attention to detail with excellent analytical, judgment and problem-solving capabilities;
Demonstrated ability to follow direction and work independently, as well as in a team environment;
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, as well as organization and multi-tasking skills;
Working knowledge of computers; AutoCAD, GIS modeling and mapping experience preferred;
Ability to work in the office and the field as necessary;
40-hour OSHA HAZWOPER certification and current OSHA 8-hour refresher required;
Possess a valid driver’s license in good standing and reliable transportation for remote job site locations; and
Availability to work Monday through Friday with occasional evenings and weekends.
We offer competitive compensation packages; full-time employment company paid medical, dental, and vision coverage; life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance; 401(k)/Roth with company match; extensive training; buddy and mentoring programs; employee referral and professional license bonuses; educational reimbursement; and much more!

Equal Opportunity Employer",4.1,"Langan Engineering and Environmental Services
4.1","Pittsburgh, PA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
264,"PhD Scientist, Computational Drug Discovery ( Informatics)",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description Summary:
The PhD Scientist, Computational Drug Discovery, contributes to PTCs drug discovery efforts by driving the design of novel molecules through the application of computational techniques. Candidate should be an expert in predictive modeling, including physics-based simulations or machine learning, and able to contribute on multiple, cross-functional drug discovery programs.
Job Description:


ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Primary duties/responsibilities:
Become a key contributor to multiple drug discovery teams, applying insights derived from computational models to progress discovery programs.
Build predictive models (including machine learning, physics-based simulations, and others) using data from multiple, disparate sources.
Assist in building/maintaining on-premises and cloud-based high-performance computing infrastructure.
Excellent presentation and communications skills to other drug discovery scientists (e.g. chemistry/biology/pharmacology).
Performs other tasks as assigned.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES REQUIRED
Strong hands-on programming skills in scripting languages such as Bash, Python, R or Juila.
Solid understanding of statistical analysis and machine learning principles as they apply to drug discovery.
Experience building/running physics-based simulations for drug discovery including molecular docking, molecular dynamics, FEP, etc.
Hands-on experience with data visualization tools (Spotfire, Plotly, etc.).
* Minimum level of education and years of relevant work experience.
Ph.D. in Computational Chemistry, Chemical Biology, Organic Chemistry, Physics, or related field with 0 to 2 years of experience.
* Travel requirements

Upto10%

EEO Statement:

PTC Therapeutics is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome applications from all individuals, regardless of race, color, national origin, gender, age, physical characteristics, social origin, disability, religion, family status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, veteran status or any unlawful criterion under applicable law. We are committed to treating all applicants fairly and avoiding discrimination.

Click here to return to the careers page",3.1,"PTC Therapeutics, Inc.
3.1","South Plainfield, NJ",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,1998,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
265,Data Engineer (Python/Postgres),$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Top 3 reasons our employees love working at Omicron:
We build cutting-edge technology that is literally changing how the world consumes online content.
We get to collaborate with really smart, interesting people every day.
Omicron rewards its team with really fun company events. Past events include food trucks on-site for lunch, private movie screenings, tickets to charity galas and more!
JOB SUMMARY:

As Data Engineer you will report to the EVP of Data Engineering & Analytics, and work daily with our Business Intelligence Team. You will extend, maintain, and manage large datasets in a Python + Postgres environment.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop queries to aggregate data considering performance and runtime.
Work with data sources that are supplied in batch or near real-time streams.
Troubleshoot and performance-tune large datasets.
Integrate with REST APIs in Python.
EXPERIENCE:
Owner-level experience with PostgreSQL – indexes, materialized views, parent/child tables.
Familiarity with Python & Pandas.
Experience in writing analytic queries in SQL.
Familiarity with some other relational database platforms such as MySQL or MS SQL Server.
Familiarity with automated workflows in Airflow, cron, or another tool.
Data analysis experience with SQL and other programming languages.
Basic quantitative skills that will allow the successful use of data in business processes.
ADDITIONAL SKILLS:
Experience in basic Linux server administration: ssh, rsync, etc.
Other scripting experience: Go, PHP, Perl
Knowledge of common Linux tools for text processing: awk, sed, grep
EDUCATION:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Math, or related quantitative experience.
OTHER:
As Data Engineer you will report to the Business Intelligence Team in our Winter Park, FL office. The position is open to local and remote candidates.
This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive.

Omicron Media, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. EOE/AA M/F/D/V

If you are interested in this position with Omicron Media, Inc., please apply by visiting our website at https://omicronmedia.com/work-here/job-listings/

If your experience and qualifications match our current needs, a member of our Recruitment team will contact you. We look forward to hearing from you!",5.0,"Omicron Media, Inc.
5.0",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,-1,Company - Private,Internet,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
266,Senior Data Analytics Lead,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"About CXD Analytics

We are a dynamic team and this is not a “Business as Usual” type of analytics role. Everything we do is to evolve and enhance our client’s digital experiences. In this capacity you will play a key role and lead analytics and insights engagements which support business efforts that deepen the understanding of Vanguard investors in our Client Experience - Digital (CXD) department.

Our Group: The CXD team at Vanguard has recently been established to improve Vanguard client’s end-to-end experiences when performing specific tasks, such as opening an account or placing a brokerage trade. Our goal is to transform the way our clients experience Vanguard using data, analytics and insights that support strategic decision-making and drive digital solutions.

How We Work: CXD hosts a team of highly talented, cross-disciplinary individuals including advanced data analysts, UX strategists and designers, front-end developers, data scientists, data engineers, scrum masters, and market researchers who work together in highly collaborative agile “labs”. We follow the “Stacked Agile” model made famous by Spotify. Each lab is fully dedicated to one part of a specific client journey and each analyst is fully dedicated to their lab.

Core Responsibilities
Engages with internal partners to understand business strategy, questions and goals. Brings structure to business requests, translates requirements into an analytical project approach, and leads projects through completion. Delegates tasks and provides tactical and strategic guidance to peers.
Be a thought leader for the Mobile analytics at Vanguard and be the catalyst for change
Lead tag-based data collection, build client-side integrations, and implement third party acquisition tracking into the mobile app's tag management system
Acquires and compiles structured and unstructured data and verifies its quality, accuracy and reasonableness.
Understand and collaborate on end-to-end user experience of online channels (web, mobile web, native app and kiosk UI)
Drive implementation of mobile strategies and user adoption of Vanguards evolving and cutting edge mobile app
Explain higher level statistical methods, test results and experimental design to a diverse audience with varying degrees of analytical capabilities
Drive and execute optimization strategies, work with marketing, product, design and engineering
Work with UX design to understand impact of page flow changes and calculate ROI’s
Develop personalization and segmentation strategies to target the right customers with the most relevant offers
Performs analyses of historical data to surface trends and insights using advanced analytical methods
Prepares and delivers visualizations and internal presentations that translate analytic insights into tangible, actionable solutions for business partners to implement.
Mentors, coaches, trains, and develops junior analysts. Proactively expands knowledge of business and analytics and shares with team members. Develops and documents best practices.
Qualifications
Graduate degree in an analytic/quantitative field
A minimum of 5+ years of relevant professional experience in a data analysis role.
Strong experience querying data with SQL and programming with Python or R
Experience with mobile digital analytics and channels preferred
Solid understanding and experience of statistical methods with regards to study design and analysis
Experience leading, designing and implementing marketing or digital experimentation (A/B or MVT) to improve marketing performance or improve the client experience
Understanding and working knowledge of quasi-experimental study design
Leverage NLP and text mining packages to better understand client feedback
About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.",3.3,"Vanguard
3.3","Malvern, PA",-1,10000+ Employees,1975,Company - Private,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
267,Data Scientist 3 (844),$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Amyris has developed a high-throughput genetic engineering platform for designing and building custom microbes to serve as living factories. Using an industrial scale fermentation process, our microbes convert cheap sugars into a wide variety of high-value target molecules. Our end products directly impact millions of lives. We are pragmatic idealists seeking a profitable way to make the world a better place. We are convinced synthetic biology is here to stay and will have a major positive impact on our planet and everyday life.
Within Amyris R&D, we are searching for a highly energetic, curious, and self-motivated data scientist with a strong background in statistics, computing and biology to join our Data Science and Computing team. Research at Amyris is a highly multidisciplinary effort that needs brilliant contributions from life sciences and engineering disciplines in order to take projects from concept to market. From hacking directly on DNA in the lab to full scale factory production, every aspect of our work is facilitated and accelerated by quantitative science and software & hardware automation. The Data Science and Computing team works hand-in-hand with bench scientists and builds tools that enable genome engineering, protein engineering, metabolic modeling, omics experiment analysis, statistical design of experiments and machine learning models in pursuit of making better microbial strains or fermentation processes. In short, we help accelerate the design-build-test-analyze cycle in synthetic biology.
Key Responsibilities:
Iteratively develop computational algorithms, analyses, visualization tools and machine learning models to meet evolving scientific needs and to aid rapid data-driven decision making while working with a variety of data types including: genotype (NGS), phenotype (metabolomics, proteomics, GC/MS, spectroscopy, fermentation), material flow
Build version-controlled, computational workflows to analyze and model rich, high-throughput phenotype data
Interact closely with a cross-disciplinary teams of biology, analytical chemistry, and fermentation scientists to build data science products

Required Qualifications:
Degree in quantitative discipline such as computer science, mathematics, computational biology, electrical engineering, bioengineering or equivalent.
Ph.D. plus 1-3 years experience, or M.S. plus 3-6 years experience.
Experience in analyzing & visualizing large scientific datasets representing biological & chemical phenotypes
Intermediate (undergraduate level) understanding of biology topics including: genetics, cell physiology, biochemistry, evolution
Experience with programming best practices (unit testing, CI/CD, etc) and version control while contributing to or maintaining large codebases
Expertise with scripting programming languages (Python is preferred)
Hands-on experience with machine learning frameworks and concepts
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and intellectually rigorous environment
Creativity, independent thinking, and passion
Preferred Qualifications:
Background in mass spectrometry informatics, high throughput sequencing, spectrophotometry, or industrial fermentation
Experience in a microbiology or synthetic biology setting
#LI-DJ1

Amyris, a leader in industrial synthetic biology, uses its innovative bioscience solutions to achieve renewable products by converting plant sugars into hydrocarbon molecules. Amyris’ molecules are used in wide range of specialty & performance chemicals, flavors & fragrances and in applications ranging from cosmetics to biofuels. Learn more at www.amyris.com.

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), Amyris is required to inform California residents who are our job applicants (“Applicants”) about the personal information we collect about you when you apply to a job on this site.

As an Applicant, you have the right to know and understand the categories of personal information we collect about you, and the purposes for which the categories of personal information shall be used, pursuant to the CCPA.

By clicking the “APPLY FOR THIS JOB” button below and submitting your job application, you agree you have reviewed the complete Privacy Notice for Employees, Independent Contractors and Job Applicants.

If you have any questions regarding this information, please contact Amyris at privacy@amyris.com

As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, Amyris is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Amyris complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment.

If you are a recruiter or placement agency, please do not submit resumes to any person or email address at Amyris, Inc. prior to having a signed agreement. Amyris is not liable for and will not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved recruitment partners. Furthermore, any resumes sent to us without an agreement in place will be considered your company’s gift to Amyris and may be forwarded to our recruiters for their attention.",3.3,"Amyris
3.3","Emeryville, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,2003,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
268,Principal Data Scientist,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. As America’s largest independent tire retailer, specializing in tires & wheels, we have over 1,000 store locations and continue to grow every year. Our consistent growth over the last 60 years, the loyalty of our customers and passion of our people makes Discount Tire a great place to work.

Even more exciting, Discount Tire is predicting, embracing and driving the changes expected in the Automotive Industry. In particular, Data and Analytics are seen as our competitive advantage. As a Data Scientist you will be central in helping our company Executives address short term and long-term opportunities. In this role, you will actively be involved in shaping the company strategy. We are leveraging a word class data environment so that this position can help us to:
Develop decision support and predictive solutions for customers and staff.
Leverage AI for pattern recognition and beyond
Optimize business outcomes
Gain insights from big data
As a Principal Data Scientist, you will collaborate with a large, multi-disciplinary team of solution architects, engineers and data scientists on a wide range of business problems. You will not only work on large scale projects to provide value to the customers but are also routinely involved in building our internal R&D capability to have an edge in the analytics industry. We work on providing solutions to a wide range of clients coming from various domains including oil & mining, financial services and retail industry.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Work on advanced analytics areas like deep learning and complex statistical data analysis
Interaction with senior leadership and other business leaders to provide business recommendations with effective presentations of findings, including visual displays of quantitative information
Develop analysis, forecasting and optimization methods/models to provide the business solution to internal customers
Research and develop internal capabilities to enhance the skill-sets on latest data science developments, work towards producing innovative solutions to the existing challenges
Perform quality control of deliverables
Provide thought leadership in algorithmic and process innovations, and contribute to creativity in solving unconventional problems

Job Requirements


Qualifications:

Analysis
Experience with writing SQL queries, performing basic conversion and transformations (e.g. formatting date string), and obtaining statistical summaries by using windowing functions.
Experience with usage of R/RStudio, Python, Jupyter Notebook
Experience with version control tool like Git
Strong experience with Excel and PowerPoint to present results
Ability to write scripts to automate ETL tasks
Problem Solving
Ability to run standard model algorithms in Python, to perform: classification/regression, clustering, basic text analytics, image recognition, etc. E.g. run a classification problem using random forest, and obtain the variable importance, produce performance metrics/KPIs; run a k-means clustering problem, produce a KPI to quantify the goodness of clusters
Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem
Experience with charting tools & knowledge of the proper charting tool to use, such as Excel. For instance, when to use box-and-whiskers plot, when to use waterfall. Ability to zoom-in to smaller data sets or display subcategories
Capable of running multiple scenarios and pick up the optimal solution
Capable of understanding advanced mathematical or physical explanations, to implement or execute the requested tasks. E.g. Fourier Transform, Power Spectral Density, Monte Carlo simulation, etc.
Actively participates and contributes in brain-storming session. Can work seamlessly with people from other disciplines: IT engineers, SMEs, stakeholders.
Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations
Experience in AI / Deep Learning for text/image/video analytics preferred
Experience in Cloud Computing and data streaming preferred
Team & Business Skills
Consistently improves communication skills, both verbally and in written materials
Demonstrated creativity in problem solving
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
Flexibility in task switching. For instance, when there is urgent requests or change of projects, can accommodate the changes without protesting
Mindful of iterations and quality check in a smaller team, before presenting results to larger audience
Raises critical issues when detected
Educational Requirements:

Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, computer science, economics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering or other STEM fields)

Work Experience

5+ years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / data engineer).

Work Days:

Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary.

Apply
Not ready to",4.0,"Discount Tire
4.0","Scottsdale, AZ",-1,10000+ Employees,1960,Company - Private,Automotive Parts & Accessories Stores,Retail,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
269,Sr Data Engineer,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Group O is seeking a strong candidate in the job of Senior Data Engineer for a Group O partner in San Antonio, TX. In this role, you will be a valuable expert in data coding and ETL and will lead the development of data models, structures, and data wrangling.

Responsibilities
Implementation including loading from disparate data sets, pre-processing using Hive and Pig
Scope and deliver various Big Data solutions
Design solutions based on high-level architecture
Manage technical communications between clients (technical and non-technical) and internal teams
Building a cloud-based platform that allows easy development of new applications
Collaborate with developers, subject matter experts, and business users in gathering and documenting requirements for data extraction and transformation
Perform code reviews, analyze execution plans, improve ETL jobs efficiencies, correct ETL defects and respond quickly to fixes and enhancement requests
Follow design standards for ETL and ELT processes
Analyze, assess and implement changes to existing solutions in response to business changes
Perform data research and analysis to find insights
Analyze data models to identify variances and discrepancies
Design, update, and maintain data sets
Work with geographically distributed team structure in a fast paced and challenging environment; multi-task and work under pressure
Communicate results with internal and external stakeholders

Qualifications:
An ideal candidate will have experience leading data quality assessment, will be a strong problem-solver and will have excellent interpersonal and communications skills.
Over 5 years of demonstrable experience designing technological solutions to complex data problems, developing & testing modular, reusable, efficient and scalable code to implement those solutions.
Strong understanding and experience in distributed computing frameworks, particularly Apache Hadoop 2.0 (YARN; MR & HDFS) and associated technologies -- one or more of Hive, Sqoop, Avro, Flume, Oozie, Zookeeper, etc.
Strong background with ETL Design and coding for Data loading, Data cleansing, Data Validation
Proficiency in SQL, SAS, R and Python – with preference to SQL
Previous experience designing custom deliverables based on user requirements
Excellent written and verbal communication skills – must be able to communicate fluently in English both verbally and in writing
Strong analytical and statistical analysis skills to extract insights and recommendations
Strong problem-solving skills, and the ability & confidence to hack their way out of tight corners
Insurance domain experience is preferred",3.1,"Group O
3.1","San Antonio, TX",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1974,Company - Private,Staffing & Outsourcing,Business Services,$500 million to $1 billion (USD),-1
270,Data Scientist,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nations decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

We are looking for Data Scientists with various years of experience. In these positions you will work closely with the client to review and respond to data science requirements. These positions will involve analyzing both structured and unstructured data using data analytics, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques.

Experience with training and optimizing machine learning models and coordinating with data engineering components to deploy trained models to work on production data at scale is desired.

EDUCATION:


BS degree in technical field and 3+ years of experience

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w/poly clearance
Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.",4.2,"Varen Technologies
4.2","McLean, VA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
271,Senior Data Scientist with Top Secret,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"What You'll Get to Do as a Data Scientist: *
Leads data science efforts, working closely with clients and data to understand mission and data.
Develops algorithms leveraging modern data science technologies including reinforcement learning systems, machine learning and more.
Provides clients with technical expertise for a project or program. Able to manage technology projects or lead technology solutioning.
Provides highly technical and specialized guidance and solutions to complex IT problems; performs elaborate analyses and studies.
Evaluates, recommends, and executes new technologies and updates existing infrastructure to ensure optimal performance and efficiency.
Develops IT strategies to ensure the systems meet existing and future requirements based on needs and regulations.
Works in a variety of environments and has excellent verbal and non-verbal communication skills. Works effectively and independently.
You’ll Bring These Qualifications: *
Must have an active TS or TS/SCI
At least 5 years of experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with multiple database types such as SQL, Redis and MongoDB
Experience building and integrating the at the application and database level
Experience developing REST/SOAP APIs and messaging protocols and formats
At least 2 years of theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization
Experience implementing event/data streaming services such as Kafka
Experience prototyping front-end visualizations utilizing data visualization suites such as Kibana or Splunk
At least 2 years of experience developing Reinforcement learning systems utilizing at least one of the following methodologies. Finite Markov Decision Processes, Support Vector Machines, Q-Learning, Stochastic Finite State Machines, MCTS or other hybrid Deep Reinforcement Learning processes
Experience in theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization.
Experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Experience:
SAS: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Science: 5 years (Preferred)
Machine Learning: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
R: 5 years (Preferred)
Python: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Washington, DC 20016 (Preferred)
Security Clearance Required:
Top Secret (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.oneglobeit.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19",4.4,"OneGlobe LLC
4.4","Washington, DC",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2005,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
272,"Senior Data Scientist (San Francisco, CA)",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Earnest empowers people with the financial capital they need to live better lives.

We're an accomplished team of technology, finance, and design geeks who believe consumer lending can be radically improved and are doing something about it. We are disrupting the trillion dollar student loan industry by redefining what it means to be creditworthy. We created a company that combines data science, streamlined design, and technology to:
Build products that simplify the lending process.
Personalize loans to suit the needs of our customers.
Engage with our customers through more human experiences.
Our culture is one that values transparency and blameless problem solving. Earnest has a strong track record of employee growth and career progression. Earnies are empathetic, product-focused, proactive, and curious.

As the Senior Data Scientist, you will report to the Head of Analytics and:
Prototype machine learning models that encapsulate best practices around feature engineering, model selection, and model validation.
Write code in common machine learning frameworks (Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Pytorch).
Write ETL pipelines that would transform Earnest data into consumable insights and intelligence.
Present impact of models and analyses to executive stakeholders.
Improve existing models by identifying defects and proposing changes to model methodologies.
Ideal background and expertise:
5+ years developing traditional data science models
2+ years experience building production-ready machine learning models and systems
3+ years in Python and SQL
Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, or a related field
Earnest Perks & Benefits:
Health, Dental, & Vision benefits plus savings plans
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
401(k) plan to help you save for retirement plus a company match
Tuition reimbursement program
$1000 flight on each Earnie-versary to anywhere in the world and 25 days of annual PTO
Great culture with an awesome team
Earnest provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for the position in a manner consistent with the Fair Chance Ordinance.

#LI-ES1",3.8,"Earnest
3.8","San Francisco, CA",-1,51 to 200 Employees,2013,Subsidiary or Business Segment,Lending,Finance,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
273,Data Scientist,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Research and Sciences

Qualifications:

Embark on a career putting innovative, reliable, and agile products and ideas into orbit, and beyond. Northrop Grumman has opportunities waiting for you that play a vital role in human space exploration, national defense, and scientific discovery, supporting multiple programs across the universe. With us, you'll discover a culture of curiosity and collaboration that will have you Defining Possible from the day you start. Our space systems connect and protect millions of people on earth every day, now and for the future. Explore your future and launch your career today.

Northrop Grumman Space Systems is seeking a Data Scientist This position will be located at Hill AFB, UT and will support the Ground Subsystems Support Contract (GSSC) program.

The successful applicant will:
Develop and implement artificial intelligence and machine learning models to solve complex data problems
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools
Merge and transform big datasets to ensure data integrity and usability
Develop a process to maintain quality and performance of statistical models and quickly identify enhancements opportunities
Communicate advanced concepts and information in an understandable manner for audiences of varying levels of competency
Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of technology trends
Properly document code, artifact description, implementation, and use cases
Be an eager and fast learner
Work on a fast pasted collaborative team in an agile environment
As a full-time employee of Northrop Grumman Space Systems, you are eligible for our robust benefits package including:
Medical, Dental & Vision coverage
401k
Educational Assistance
Life Insurance
Employee Assistance Programs & Work/Life Solutions
Paid Time Off
Health & Wellness Resources
Employee Discounts
This position's standard work schedule is a 9/80. The 9/80 schedule allows employees who work a nine-hour day Monday through Thursday to take every other Friday off.

UTSpace",3.8,"Northrop Grumman
3.8","Hill AFB, UT",-1,10000+ Employees,1939,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
274,Sr. Data Scientist,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Who is Trace3?

Trace3 is a leading Transformative IT Authority, providing unique technology solutions and consulting services to our clients. Equipped with elite engineering and dynamic innovation, we empower IT executives and their organizations to achieve competitive advantage through a process of Integrate, Automate, Innovate.

Our culture at Trace3 embodies the spirit of a startup with the advantage of a scalable business. Employees can grow their career and have fun while doing it!

Trace3 is headquartered in Irvine, California. We employ more than 850 people all over the United States. Our major field office locations include Atlanta, Denver, Detroit, Indianapolis, Grand Rapids, Lexington, Los Angeles, Louisville, San Diego, San Francisco, and Scottsdale.

Ready to discover the possibilities that live in technology?

Come Join Us!

Street-Smart - Thriving in Dynamic Times

We are flexible and resilient in a fast-changing environment. We continuously innovate and drive constructive change while keeping a focus on the ""big picture."" We exercise sound business judgment in making high-quality decisions in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are highly creative and can dig deep within ourselves to find positive solutions to different problems.

Juice - The ""Stuff"" it takes to be a Needle Mover

We get things done and drive results. We lead without a title, empowering others through a can-do attitude. We look forward to the goal, mentally mapping out every checkpoint on the pathway to success, and visualizing what the final destination looks and feels like.

Teamwork - Humble, Hungry and Smart

We are humble individuals who understand how our job impacts the company's mission. We treat others with respect, admit mistakes, give credit where it's due and demonstrate transparency. We ""bring the weather"" by exhibiting positive leadership and solution-focused thinking. We hug people in their trials, struggles, and failures – not just their success. We appreciate the individuality of the people around us.

About the Role: Do you enjoy solving computer vision problems such as optical character recognition, object detection and recognition and image classification? Text and document classification using natural-language processing tools, or predicitve analytics applied to time series? Do you love learning and trying out new state of the art machine learning and deep learning algorithms? Are you passionate in building computer AI solutions and applications?

At Trace3, you will work on problems for our enterprise clients. You will design and build AI products that will impact some of the largest companies in the country. You will be able to learn from fellow deep learning and machine learning engineers and data scientists, and follow and share cutting-edge research. You will research and POC some of the coolest technologies available and will have access to a pipeline of up-and-coming technologies made available through Trace3's VC relationships.

The Senior Data Scientist needs to be self-motivated, self-directing, adaptable and comfortable working in less-structured environments. The ideal candidate should be looking for an opportunity to help client transform their business using ML/DL/AI. Candidates will need experience in working on and leading large complex data science and business transformation projects. There is an opportunity for the candidate to eventually move into a leadership and management position as the Data Science team grows. Approximately 30-50% travel is required.

What You'll Do:
Perform project tasks independently, and may direct the efforts of others
Lead analytical effort for client engagements
Develop analytical skills and act an advisor for junior staff and external partners
Provide quantitative and business analytic skills to develop and implement solutions across several industry verticals, specifically financial, industrial and manufacturing, healthcare life sciences, consumer product & retail, telecom.
Define the key business problems to be solved and formulate mathematical approaches to solve those given problems
Form and maintain trusted relationships with clients and be the 'go-to' contact point for projects
Participate in and/or lead the development of deliverable content that meets the needs of the client and contract
Anticipate client needs and formulate solutions to client issues
Review deliverables for accuracy and quality
Contribute to new business proposals and proposal development
Manages own personal and professional development; seeks opportunities for professional growth and expansion of consulting skills and experiences
Qualifications & Interests:
8+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging analytics and large amounts of data to drive significant business impact.
Understanding of state of the art deep learning techniques
Solid understanding of CNN, RNN, supervised and unsupervised learning, optimization techniques
Experience with one or more deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Deeplearning4j, Keras, PyTorch, etc.
Proficiency in at least one higher-level programming language such as Java, Scala, Python, C++, R, etc.
A focus on computer vision and/or machine learning and with Natural Language Processing (NLP) would be a plus.
PhD in Machine Learning, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering, Mathematics or related field would be a plus
Proficient at translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework.
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of business partners.
Self-starter with a passion for your work and attention to detail.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Humble with a team-first attitude.
The Perks:
Comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for you and your dependents
401(k) Retirement Plan with Employer Match, 529 College Savings Plan, Health Savings Account, Life Insurance, and Long-Term Disability
Competitive Compensation
Training and development programs
Stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages
Collaborative and cool office culture
Work-life balance and generous paid time off
***To all recruitment agencies: Trace3 does not accept unsolicited agency resumes/CVs. Please do not forward resumes/CVs to our careers email addresses, Trace3 employees or any other company location. Trace3 is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/CVs.",3.4,"Trace3
3.4","Irvine, CA",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2002,Company - Private,IT Services,Information Technology,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
275,Data Scientists with TS/SCI,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Veteran Owned Firm Seeking Data Scientists with TS/SCI to support a client in Springfield, VA

My name is Stephen Hrutka, and I am the owner of a Veteran-owned firm in Washington, DC focused on Supply Chain, Strategic Sourcing, and Technical/Cleared Recruiting.

HRUCKUS helps other Veteran Owned businesses recruit for positions across the SBA, HHS, DARPA, and other cutting-edge R&D related defense agencies.

We are looking to hire (2) data scientists to support NGA in Springfield, VA. The role is remote to start, no idea when traditional onsite will begin.

Please see below for the position description. If you’re interested, I'd be glad to provide more details about the role and further discuss your qualifications.

Thanks,

Stephen M Hrutka
Principal Consultant
www.hruckus.com

Position Tasks:
Develop Python or R code to read/categorize large amounts of unstructured data
Develop code to evaluate Intelligence Information Reports (IIRs) for metadata accuracy
Develop code that recognizes and extracts entities from IIRs w/ 90% accuracy
Visualize data derived from structuring of unstructured/semi-structured data
Brief results of code development to leadership to include methods, limitations, and assumptions
Position Deliverables:
Monthly reports
Code modules using Natural Language Processing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Code modules using Entity Recognition to analyze multiple unstructured data files and identify all people, groups, and categories of objects
Code modules using Latent Semantic Indexing to analyze multiple unstructured data files and database the information derived
Develop code that can be stand-alone or incorporated into existing applications
Visualizations of large data sets, bringing forward unobscured data, and enabling personnel to understand the data quickly
Position Requirements:
Government Security Clearance
Minimum of (3) years of experience related to the following areas: parametric and non-parametric statistical methods; visualizing statistical effects in complex datasets; performing statistical data analysis in Python and/or R; providing and explaining clear analytical results in well-written reports
Ability to write and execute queries in SQL
Ability to visualize data with aid of data visualization tools such as Tableau
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field
Ability to work in distributed systems and to develop creative solutions to data problems
Experience with database tools
Preferred Qualifications:
Statistical Modeling: 10 years
Natural Language Processing: 5 years
Python and R: 3 years
Latent Semantic Indexing: 5 years
SQL: 3 years
Tableau: 1 year
Entity Recognition: 5 years",5.0,"HRUCKUS
5.0","Springfield, VA",-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Consulting,Business Services,$1 to $5 million (USD),-1
276,Customer Insights Data Scientist,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Hi, We’re AppFolio.

We’re innovators, changemakers, and collaborators. We’re more than just a software company — we’re a cloud-based powerhouse that creates products to make our customers’ lives easier. We’re revolutionizing the way people do business, and we want your ideas, your enthusiasm, and your passion to help us keep on innovating.

We love where we work, and you can, too.

To find out more about what AppFolio has to offer, check out appfolioinc.com/careers.

The Customer Insights Analyst will bring together quantitative and qualitative data and be responsible for the ongoing analysis, reporting, and insight identification for vital Customer Experience programs and metrics such as but not limited to NPS and VOC. As part of the CX team to build a focused set of CX metrics used across the business as predictive measures that improve the customer experience and drive business outcomes.

Outcomes
Launch VOC text analytics capabilities by leveraging technology and machine learning.
Implement & create text analytics models and processes to synthesize and identify emerging customer insights informing product development.
Stitch together multiple customer data sources (CRM and product data) to perform comprehensive CX analysis to identify past, present, and potential customer patterns yielding actionable insights to drive business change.
Build CX metrics - data and dashboard
Bring together multiple customer data sources (CRM and product data) to perform comprehensive CX analysis to identify past, present and potential customer patterns yielding actionable insights to drive business change
Own monthly analysis and insights for NPS program leading to recommendations for actions across the business to drive an increase in NPS in targeted customer segments
Contribute to ongoing improvements to NPS reporting, dashboards, and engagement across the company.
Identify and champion impactful customer experience insights aligned to our key business priorities across customer segments, markets, and offerings.
Competencies
Strategic Thinking. Ability to execute against a clear framework for defining a predictive set of Customer Experience metrics that drive business outcomes. Experience with CX metrics industry trends, best practices, and technology capabilities is preferred.
Tireless Advocate for the Customer. Lead with the customer's voice in everything you do and instill the customer mindset across the organization.
Analytical Skills. Able to synthesize quantitative and qualitative data across separate customer listening posts to draw impactful insights that inform strategy and prioritization.
Agile & Experimentation Mindset. Unafraid to take innovative approaches to problems and bring other's creative ideas forward with an agile ""progress over perfection"" mindset.
Business Acumen. Ability to connect the dots and communicate how customer experience efforts and metrics can impact business priorities and commit to delivering specific business outcomes.
Communication. Storyteller with the ability to weave together data, insights, and voice of the customer to inspire an organization to action.
Influence and Partnership. Relationship builder with the ability to navigate across the organization to drive alignment and action effectively.
CX Industry Expertise. Develop expertise, knowledge, and connections of the CX industry, best practices, and experts to inform our work and how we operate.
Must-Haves
2+ years experience in the CX space understanding how customer data can be used to dig into problems and work cross-functionally to improve the customer experience
Experience building and leading text analytics models with experience building using Clarabridge(preferably), Qualtrics, and or Medallia.
Solid understanding of industry-standard methodologies of customer insights, and desire to help evolve our VoC program
Strong ability to analyze quantitative and qualitative data, optimize data sets, tools, and analysis techniques to drive business outcomes.
Understanding of how to apply statistical methods to identify drivers of business results based on customer feedback and customer journey touch points
Sharp emotional intelligence and skills in leading robust multi-functional relationships.
Effective communicator with written and oral presentations to inspire actions. Demonstrate validated presentation, demonstration, and technical writing skills.
Substantial experience with analytical software (Tableau, SQL, data warehouse, etc.) preferred.
Experience working in a fast-paced, data-driven B2B SaaS environment is preferred.
Bachelor's degree, Master's Degree preferred.
Our Story

AppFolio (NASDAQ: APPF) was founded in 2006 with the mission to revolutionize vertical industry businesses by providing great software and service. Our easy-to-use, cloud-based software helps our customers more effectively market, manage, and grow their businesses. Today our software solutions exist in two verticals including the real estate (AppFolio Property Manager, AppFolio Property Manager PLUS, and AppFolio Investment Manager) and legal (MyCase) industries.

To find out more about what AppFolio has to offer, check out appfolioinc.com/careers.",4.6,"AppFolio
4.6","San Diego, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2006,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
277,"Research Scientist, Bioinformatics",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

Kite, a Gilead Company, is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy products designed to harness the power of a patient’s own immune system to selectively target and kill cancer cells. The company is focused on chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and T cell receptor (TCR) engineered cell therapies designed to empower the immune system's ability to recognize and kill tumors. Kite is based in Santa Monica, CA. For more information on Kite, please visit www.kitepharma.com . Sign up to follow @KitePharma on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kitepharma .

Do you want to make a real difference in the world? Come help us in our quest to cure cancer! Everyone at Kite is grounded by this common goal. Every single day, we seek to establish a direct line between that purpose and our day-to-day work. Join us in our mission!

Research Scientist, Bioinformatics

At Kite pharma we are revolutionizing the treatment for cancers through immunotherapy through novel breakthrough technology. We have developed and launched best in class CAR-T therapy Yescarta, currently curing patients from previously intractable b-cell malignancies. We are using our expertise to apply our success to other indications, and you can help!

We are seeking a self-motivated and ambitious individual with strong work ethic to join our Cell Therapy research Center in Santa Monica, reporting to the Sr. Director of Bioinformatics, the successful candidate will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced and highly collaborative environment to support a growing R&D portfolio, to build an organization centered on cutting-edge technology, and to develop models based on complex high-dimensional research and clinical data sets. The position requires a solid understanding of the principles and practices of pharmaceutical science in a regulated environment and will work closely with the discovery research, translational medicine, clinical development, and product development teams.

We are looking for a Research Scientist with a deep understanding of the current experimental methodologies used in the biological space, including high-throughput genomics and proteomics technologies as well as predictive modeling with experience in statistical analysis and bioinformatics algorithms. The successful candidate will have demonstrated the ability to synthesize scientific questions into a coherent research effort and communicate scientific findings across the different research functions.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Lead the establishment, analysis, and interpretation of DNA and RNA NGS sequencing data and build analytical workflows for automated deployment of bioinformatics tools in a cloud and high-performance computing environments, including SaaS bioinformatics providers like Seven Bridges, for interpreting NGS data.
Analyze and interpret large molecular data sets, including mining of immunological datasets for e.g. biomarkers, therapeutic targets, cancer mutations.
Serve as a liaison in technology and knowledge transfer efforts in bioinformatics solutions from external partners in academia and industry.
Contribute to company-wide scale-out of bioinformatics infrastructure and solutions as well as external scientific discussions on technology evaluation.
Work closely with research and cross-functional teams to jointly advance the development and improvement of manufacturing processes, designing fit T Cells and enhancements to CAR T-Cells programs.
Analyze and interpret molecular large data sets, including mining of immunological datasets e.g. biomarkers, therapeutic targets, cancer mutations.
Coordinate deliverables jointly with clinicians, molecular biologists, IT, commercial and other departments.

Requirements:

Ph.D. degree in Bioinformatics, Computational Biology or a closely related field and 6+ years of post-doctoral academic or industry experience.
Full proficiency in R and/or Python, experience in Linux environments and cloud computing systems and the development of statistical methods and algorithms is required.
Proficiency building and maintaining large scale bioinformatics analysis pipelines for NGS data, and statistical programming languages.
Hands-on experience with the bioinformatics analysis of single-cell, flow cytometry, mass spectrometry, and mass cytometry data analysis is required.
Evidence of a successful academic or industry track-record is required
Hands-on experience applying computational tools to study cancer mutations and T cell immunity, in particular, experience in Illumina sequencing data and NGS pipelines, analysis of cancer genomic datasets is required.
Experience with remote data storage and management (e.g. Amazon Web Services) is required
Strong understanding of statistics and the ability to generate robust statistical models for predicting outcomes in multidimensional data.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills are required.
A proactive, self-motivated and ambitious person with a strong work ethic, ability to work in a dynamic environment and able to adapt to changing priorities.

Does this sound like you? If so, apply today!

#IND123",3.7,"Kite Pharma
3.7","Santa Monica, CA",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,2008,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10 to $25 million (USD),-1
278,"Clinical Lab Scientist - Microbiologist (Full-Time, Varied)",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Clinical Lab Scientist - Microbiologist (Full-Time, Varied), Healdsburg
General Information
Job Title:
Clinical Lab Scientist - Microbiologist (Full-Time, Varied)
Location:
1375 University Ave
Healdsburg, CA, 95448
United States
Employee Type:
Full Time
Job Category:
01_TECHNICIANS AND SPECIALISTS
Minimum Experience:
1 Year
Required Degree:
4 Year Degree
Contact information
Name:
Kristina Holloway
Email:
careers@nschd.org
Description
NOTE: This position is for our Microbiology Department and must have experience in Microbiology.

JOB SUMMARY/ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

In accordance to CLIA 493.1495 the testing personnel are responsible for specimen processing test performance, and for reporting tests.

Under the supervision of the Medical Director and Laboratory Manager, the Clinical Laboratory Scientist performs generalized and specialized assignments or functions in clinical laboratory technology. The position is primarily responsible for the purpose of obtaining scientific data which is used to determine the presence, progress and source of disease or physiological condition. Punctual and predictable attendance is a requirement of this position.

The Clinical Laboratory Scientist is only authorized to perform those analytical procedures after successful training and competency assessment according to the regulatory requirements and that the training and competency documents are reviewed and approved by an appropriate supervisor as delegated by the lab director.
Requirements
MINIMUM POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:
Licensure and Certification:

Valid CA CLS license. ASCP, HEW or NCA accreditation or eligible to take examination
Education Required:

BA or BS degree preferred; completion of an accredited Med Tech training program
Experience Required:

One year general clinical laboratory experience
Other Qualifications:
Classification:

Non-exempt

PREFERRED POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:
Six (6) months of Laboratory Information System computer experience
ESSENTIAL SKILLS:
Attention to detail
Strong communication skills (written and verbal)
Works effectively with others
Ability to anticipate, recognize and meet the needs of patients.
Must demonstrate excellent interpersonal communication skills.",2.3,"Healdsburg District Hospital
2.3","Healdsburg, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1905,Hospital,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$25 to $50 million (USD),-1
279,Geospatial Data Engineer with TS/SCI Clearance,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Type of Requisition:

Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

Top Secret/SCI

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Suitability:

Polygraph

Public Trust/Other Required:

Job Family:

Systems Engineering

Job Description:

GDIT is your place. You make it your own by embracing autonomy, seizing opportunity, and being trusted to deliver your best every day. We think. We act. We deliver. There is no challenge we can’t turn into opportunity. And our work depends on TS/SCI level cleared Geospatial Data Engineer joining our team to support our Intelligence customer in Springfield, VA

The Geospatial Data Engineer is required to extract and/or acquire geospatial information, derivative information and multi-INT data for analysis and visualization to solve problems and enhance the knowledge of NGA missions. This also includes extracting specific feature data in accordance with the NGA Feature Data Specifications, project specific guidance, and other NGA data and product specifications.

Required Skills
BS/BA and 8+ years of experience or equivalent years of education and experience
At least 3+ years of experience in engineering and managing spatial data infrastructure to include both proprietary and open source technologies. This includes experience conducting data transformations between spatial data formats, QA/QC on data, understanding NSG data schemas, database management, and managing OGC compliant web services.
Must have a strong background in Relation Database Management System (RDBMS) and NoSQL concepts and tools to include firm understanding of SQL and Python syntax for ETL workflows.
Must be comfortable working in a linux shell environment as well as standard GUI management tools.
Prior experience deploying and using PostgreSQL and Postgis extension to manage spatial data.
Prior experience deploying and managing open source spatial data web servers such as GeoServer, MapServer, TileserverGL, or similar to enable OGC compliant web services.
Comfortable using GDAL, GRASS, GeoPandas, Rasterio, or other open source geoprocessing applications and tools.
Prior AWS Development or DevOps experience. Prior Elasticsearch experience creating and managing indexes.
Must have a Secret clearance and/or eligible for TS/SCI clearance
Job Duties
Create, update, and manage geospatial information system databases and products.
Obtain, compile and assess geospatial data sets to support requirements.
Collaborate with analysts and customers as required.
Use a variety of geospatial analysis software suites to accomplish the mission.
Provide geospatial analysis services in the form of datasets and visualization products
#GDITPriority

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

None

Telecommuting Options:

Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:

USA VA Springfield

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.",3.6,"General Dynamics Information Technology
3.6","Springfield, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1952,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
280,Associate Scientist I - Antibody Drug Conjugates,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Do you have a passion for Science? Would you like to apply your expertise to impact a company that follows the science and turns ideas into life changing medicines? Then AstraZeneca might be the one for you!

At AstraZeneca, we put patients first and strive to meet their unmet needs worldwide. Working here means being entrepreneurial, thinking big and working together to make the impossible a reality. If you are swift to action, confident to lead, willing to collaborate, and curious about what science can do, then youre our kind of person.

About AstraZeneca in Gaithersburg, MD

Our Gaithersburg, Maryland facility creates life-changing medicines for people around the world. This campus employs more than 3,500 experts in our field and is only a short drive from Washington, DC. This modern and vibrant scientific campus is the home of R&D and Oncology in the US. Here, we play host to some of the most cutting-edge technology and lab spaces, all designed to inspire collaboration and cross-functional science. We believe employees benefit from being challenged and inspired at work. We are dedicated to creating a culture of inclusion and collaboration.

The Gaithersburg site offers a variety of amenities to help boost productivity and help keep our employees happy and healthy. This includes a fitness center, employee healthcare clinic, electric vehicle charging stations, dry cleaning, full-service cafeteria and copy center. This is where youll find newly-designed, activity-based work spaces to suit a variety of working styles while increasing collaboration between teams.

Summary of the Group

Antibody Discovery & Protein Engineering (ADPE) is responsible for the discovery and optimization of next generation biologics to create biological drug candidates for all key therapeutic areas such as oncology, respiratory and inflammation, cardiovascular, renal and metabolic diseases. Were constantly pushing the boundaries of science to deliver life-changing medicines to patients, with a pass for the development of in-house biologics discovery platforms and novel drug modalities to address unmet medical needs.

Main Duties & Responsibilities
Design and perform drug conjugation experiments to support antibody drug conjugate (ADC) pipeline and technology development
Conduct molecular cloning, antibody/protein expression and purification for drug conjugation
Biochemical and biophysical characterization of ADCs
Strong capability in experimental design and data analysis skills
Effectively present data internally and externally
Education & Experience Requirements

Bachelors or Masters degree in Biotechnology, Chemical Biology, Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, or other relevant scientific field with 6+ years (BS degree) or 3+ years (MS degree) of relevant experience.

Required Skills
Hands-on experience in protein labeling and/or drug conjugation
Strong experience with routine DNA/RNA techniques, protein expression and purification
Experience in analytic methods such as SEC, HIC, IEX, LC-MS, DLS, RP-HPLC, etc
The ability to learn new technologies quickly and ability to perform in a fast-paced, matrix-structured work environment
Great teamwork, communication, and interpersonal skills
Desired Skills
Experience with mammalian cell culture techniques
Experience in in vitro cell killing assays with ADCs
Good knowledge in antibody engineering and therapeutics
Why AstraZeneca?

At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognising their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organisation to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means were opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.

So, whats next?

Are you ready to bring new ideas and fresh thinking to the table? Brilliant! We have one seat available and we hope its yours.

Where can I find out more?

Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/

Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/

Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
281,"Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry
Location


CORPORATE - Seattle

# of openings

1

Job Posting


Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry

Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry

Omeros is seeking a Senior Scientist to join our Medicinal Chemistry team. In this role, you’ll be supporting the research project team with medicinal chemistry for drug discovery products, including performing synthetic organic chemistry and molecular chemistry, and aiding in the design of organic molecules to be used in drug discovery.

Good things are happening at Omeros!

Come join our Medicinal Chemistry Team!

Who is Omeros?

Omeros is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to discovering, developing and commercializing small-molecule and protein therapeutics for large-market as well as orphan indications targeting inflammation, complement-mediated diseases and disorders of the central nervous system.

The company’s drug product OMIDRIA® (phenylephrine and ketorolac injection) 1% / 0.3% is marketed in the U.S. for use during cataract surgery or intraocular lens (IOL) replacement to maintain pupil size by preventing intraoperative miosis (pupil constriction) and to reduce postoperative ocular pain. In the European Union, the European Commission has approved OMIDRIA for use in cataract surgery and other IOL replacement procedures to maintain mydriasis (pupil dilation), prevent miosis (pupil constriction), and to reduce postoperative eye pain.

Omeros has multiple Phase 3 and Phase 2 clinical-stage development programs focused on: complement-associated thrombotic microangiopathies; complement-mediated glomerulonephropathies; Huntington’s disease and cognitive impairment; and addictive and compulsive disorders. In addition, Omeros has a diverse group of preclinical programs and a proprietary G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) platform through which it controls 54 new GPCR drug targets and corresponding compounds, a number of which are in preclinical development. The company also exclusively possesses a novel antibody-generating platform.

What are your job responsibilities?
Designing and synthesizing potential drug candidate molecules
Conducting complex air- and moisture-sensitive organic reactions
Analytically characterizing organic compounds using routine methods (NMR, HPLC/MS, etc.)
Understanding and applying DMPK and biological principals toward the design of small molecules; discusses and maintains structure activity relationships of compounds
Analyzing, preparing and presenting data
Effectively using the chemical literature
Using chemistry related software
Ensuring safety standards are maintained
Managing and archiving data
Presenting scientific results effectively in both a technical and informational fashion
Maintaining a safe work environment
Attending project meetings
May supervise or manage Research Associates
What experience and education do you need?

You’ll need to have a Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry with 5+ years industry experience; Other experience we are seeking includes:
Industry experience in organic synthesis and proven ability to design and synthesize novel compounds through multi-step synthetic routes is required
Experience with purification methods and characterization of compounds such as NMR and LCMS is required
CNS experience is a plus
What skills does our ideal candidate have?

As our ideal candidate, you’ll need the following skills and knowledge:
Demonstrated proficiency in using MS Office applications
The ability to work effectively under pressure, handling multiple priorities simultaneously, is essential
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills
Time management skills
Team oriented and highly motivated demeanor
The ability to build and maintain positive relationships with management, peers and subordinates is essential
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, attention to detail
If you have the skills, knowledge and experience we are looking for, we’d love to hear from you!

Omeros is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.

It is our policy to provide reasonable accommodation to anyone with a disability who needs assistance completing the job application process. If you need assistance, you can either send an e-mail to hr@omeros.com or contact Omeros, asking for Human Resources, at (206) 676-5000.",3.3,"Omeros
3.3","Seattle, WA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1994,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
282,Data Operations Engineer,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"At Modernizing Medicine, we look for passionate, innovative, creative Rock Stars!
Inc. Magazine Best Workplaces of 2020
Inc. 5000 Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America - 2015 - 2019
Best Use of Technology in Customer Service (Gold) - Customer Sales and Service World Awards® - 2019
Customer Service Department of the Year (Gold) - Customer Sales and Service World Awards - 2018
South Florida Business Journal Fastest Growing Technology Company - 2016 - 2018
Customer Success Team of the Year by SIIA's Company CODiE - 2017
People's Choice UX Award for modmed® Kiosk - 2017
Modernizing Medicine is delivering truly disruptive and transformative products and services that will impact the healthcare industry. The work we do makes a difference. Our web and mobile applications are transforming healthcare information technology to increase practice efficiency and improve patient outcomes. We offer end-to-end specialty-specific solutions from practice management, through EMR to Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) that maximize office interactions, patient visits, collections and reimbursements.

Modernizing Medicine is looking for an exceptional Data Operations Engineer with a passion for technology to help revolutionize the world of Healthcare IT. Data Operations Engineers are at the core of a data-driven business; they build and maintain the infrastructure that empowers customers, analysts, and data scientists to drive insights. We've built a team of passionate, creative, and innovative engineers and data scientists that are changing the world and having fun doing it!

You may be a great fit for Mod Med's Data Operations Engineer opportunity, IF
You are a gifted Data Operations Engineer with a background in large scale data engineering support.
You will enjoy using technology to automate solutions and optimize outcomes focusing on data engineering, continuous integration, and continuous deployment
You are a collaborator. You thrive in environments that freely exchange ideas and viewpoints.
You are an innovator that believes in making a difference and having fun doing it.
You are passionate about data and in being a part of a tight-knit Data Operations team.
Your Role:
Automate, deploy and operate data pipelines
Automate build, deployment, and quality processes
Implement facilities to monitor all aspects of the data pipeline
Manage data in Spark and other environments using scripts and automation
Communicate and/or address build, deployment and operational issues as they come up
Implement, administer, and support the Qliksense systems
Installations, Upgrades, Patches, Backups of the Data Operations systems
Maintain documentation of Data Operations systems and processes
Support the data usage needs of downstream analytics teams
Ensure availability meets or exceed agreed-upon SLAs
Participate in a 24x7 on-call rotation for critical issues
Skills & Requirements:
BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
Experience managing data in relational databases and developing ETL pipelines
Experience using Spark SQL or other Big Data tools
Experience implementing and administering logging, telemetry and monitoring tools like ops view
Experience using AWS or other cloud services
Experience scripting for automation and config management (Chef, Puppet, Ansible)
Experience with orchestration software such as Airflow or Luigi
Fluent in at least one scripting or systems programming language (Python, Ruby, Bash, Go, Rust, Crystal, etc.)
Deep Knowledge of the Linux and Windows operating systems (OS, networking, process level)
Strong problem-solving skills
Interest in DevOps style engineering teams - we operate what we build!
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong commitment to quality, architecture, and documentation.
Experience working with the Qlik Sense product in a large-scale enterprise environment a plus
Experience with Tableau and Domo a plus
Modernizing Medicine Benefit Highlights:
Your compensation is a combination of base salary and bonus potential.
Health Insurance, 401(k), Vacation, Employee Assistance Program, Flexible Spending Accounts.
Weekly catered breakfast and lunch, treadmill workstations, quarterly onsite massages, onsite dry cleaning, onsite car wash and many more!",4.1,"Modernizing Medicine, Inc.
4.1","Boca Raton, FL",-1,501 to 1000 Employees,2010,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
283,"Scientist, Pharmacometrics",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"Janssen Research & Development, L.L.C., a division of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies, is recruiting for a Scientist - Pharmacometrics, located in Raritan, New Jersey.

At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are working to create a world without disease. Transforming lives by finding new and better ways to prevent, intercept, treat and cure disease inspires us. We bring together the best minds and pursue the most promising science.

We are Janssen. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. Learn more at www.janssen.com and follow us @JanssenGlobal. Janssen Research & Development, LLC is part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies.

The position is responsible for the co-development and execution of Pharmacometrics (pharmacokinetic [PK] and pharmacodynamic [PD]) Modeling and Simulation activities related to the research, design, implementation, data analysis, interpretation, reporting, and publication of ClinPharm-sponsored and -supported studies for products in any phase of development. Additional responsibilities include the generation and review of clinical pharmacology documents related to regulatory submissions, preparing responses to Agency questions and preparing for and/or attending meetings with Regulatory Agencies and Advisory Committee Meetings.

Key Responsibilities:
Participates in review and or development of the Case Report Form, Completion Guidelines, Patient Diary, Laboratory Requisition Form to ensure accuracy of information related to clinical pharmacological sampling (blood, plasma, urine, etc.) during study conduct
Program and generate population PK / PKPD ready datasets in an SPLUS, R or SAS software environment in close collaboration with the Pharmacometrics Scientist or Pharmacometrics Leader to perform the population-PK / PKPD modelling. This work includes consistency checks to ensure delivery of high-quality ClinPharm data within a specified time frame.
Coordinate the construction of appropriate database specifications / database structures in order to efficiently outsource the dataset preparation to an external partner if needed.
Help out Pharmacometrics Scientists and Pharmacometrics Leaders in the generation of tables and graphs for Summary Overviews, Study Summary Results, Clinical Study Reports, internal and external departmental data communications and submission-related documents
Performs Pharmacometrics QC checks when applicable
Involved in process development such as PK data flow working groups
In collaboration with Pharmacometrics Scientist or Pharmacometrics Leaders, apply state-of-the-art tools for PK and PK/PD model building or, when appropriate, contribute to specialized analyses, such as allometric scaling, IVIVC, PB/PK modelling (Senior Associate Pharmacometrics Scientist)

Qualifications

Ph.D. Degree OR PharmD Degree is required, OR a M.S. Degree with at least 6 years of relevant experience in the areas of clinical pharmacology, modeling/simulation, statistics, engineering OR other related areas.
Applied working knowledge of non-linear mixed effect modeling is required
Hands-on knowledge of PK & PD Nonlinear Mixed effect modeling software packages is required
A fundamental understanding of clinical PK & PK/PD population PK modeling concepts is required
A fundamental understanding of clinical drug development is preferred
A fundamental understanding of ICH and other relevant regulatory guidelines and regulations is preferred
Excellent communication skills are required
This position is located in Raritan, NJ, and may required up to 10% travel.

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

IND7

Primary Location
United States-New Jersey-Raritan-
Organization
Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)
Job Function
R&D
Requisition ID
1158200824",4.1,"Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies
4.1","Raritan, NJ",-1,10000+ Employees,1887,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
284,Postdoctoral Scientist - Inflammatory Bowel & Immunology Research Institute,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Inflammatory Bowel and Immunobiology Research Institute (IBIRI) is a multidisciplinary basic, translational and clinical research program devoted to discovering the causes of inflammatory bowel disease with the goal of improved treatment approaches and prevention.

The laboratory of Dr. Andrea J. Wolf is seeking a highly motivated Research Postdoctoral Scientist interested in the innate inflammatory responses of myeloid cells to join the Department of Biomedical Sciences and IBIRI!

Dr. Wolf’s laboratory research focuses on the cellular mechanisms that control the innate inflammatory responses of myeloid phagocytes to bacterial and fungal infections. Recent research has begun to explore the interaction between glycolytic metabolism and the inflammatory responses of myeloid cells sensing the sugars in the cell wall of Gram-positive bacteria. We are looking for Postdoctoral Scientists eager for the challenges of examining the interactions between metabolism, immunity, and infection. For more information about Dr. Wolf’s research please visit the group’s website at https://www.cedars-sinai.org/research/departments-institutes/ibiri/microbiome.html.

As a Research Postdoc working independently but in close cooperation and in consultation with the Principal Investigator and other Research Scientist, you will perform routine and complex laboratory procedures throughout the training period. You may also develop, adapt, and implement new research techniques and protocols, analyze and interpret data, and may assist in the preparation of grant proposals.

Additional Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Participates in publications and presentations as author or co-author
Independently conduct experiments
Develop hypotheses and plans for well-controlled experiments with the input of the PI
Maintain detailed, accurate, up-to-date records of experimental procedures and results
Analyze data and prepare figures
Assist with the preparation of manuscripts, grants, and presentations
Maintain current knowledge of the literature in the field
Participate in regular lab meetings and journal clubs
Assist in the training of new research assistants or students
#Jobs-Glassdoor #Jobs-NHCN

Educational
Requirements:
Doctorate (MD,
PhD, VMD, or DDS) in area directly related to field of research specialization
Experience:
Demonstrated
aptitude to perform experimental protocols and procedures, including detailed
data collection, and analysis, operation and maintenance of specialized
equipment
Knowledge of safety standards
Experienced in cell culture and basic molecular biology techniques
Experience with mouse models is a plus
Experience handling bacterial pathogens is plus",3.9,"Cedars-Sinai
3.9","Los Angeles, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1902,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
285,"R&D Associate II / Associate Scientist I, Purification Process Sciences",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"AstraZeneca is a global, innovation-driven biopharmaceutical business that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription medicines for some of the world's most serious diseases. But we're more than one of the world's leading pharmaceutical companies. At AstraZeneca, we're proud to have a unique workplace culture that inspires innovation and collaboration through scientific research. Here, employees are empowered to express diverse perspectives and are made to feel valued, energized and rewarded for their ideas and creativity.

Job Description

Position is a hands-on, laboratory-based role.

The successful candidate will:
Develop and characterize purification processes for the manufacture of biopharmaceuticals (viral vectors, antibodies and other proteins) in early stage clinical development.
Be responsible for a portion of a purification process development project.
Make observations, analyze data and interpret results.
Maintain accurate records of experimental results, review, analyze, and interpret experimental data.
Make periodic presentations in group meetings, project team meetings, and in one-on-one situations.
Prepare/review development reports and technology transfer documents.
Support technology transfer to Clinical Manufacturing facilities.
Support troubleshooting and resolution of deviations in GMP manufacturing processes.
Evaluate new technologies for purification process development.
Position Requirements

Education:

Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Biochemistry, Biology, Chemical/Biochemical Engineering, Virology or related field.

R&D Associate II: requires a Bachelor's Degree with 2+ years of relevant industrial experience or a Master's Degree with some experience preferred. This role requires at least 1 year of relevant experience in protein and or viral vector purification

Associate Scientist I: requires a Bachelor's Degree with 5+ years of relevant industrial experience or a Master's Degree with 2+ years of relevant industrial experience. This role requires at least 1 year of relevant experience in protein and or viral vector purification

Essential Skills
At least 1 year of relevant experience in protein and or viral vector purification
Proficiency in protein and viral vector purification principles and methods including different modes of chromatography, centrifugation, normal and tangential flow filtration, virus removal and inactivation steps.
Knowledge of basic protein and analytical chemistry.
Basic analytical techniques for protein and viral vector products (HPLC analysis, protein quantification methods, electrophoresis; Western blotting, etc.).
Hands on experience AKTA chromatography systems/software (preferred).
Working knowledge of good laboratory practices.
Highly team-oriented, energetic, critical thinker, organized, capable of significant multitasking with excellent oral and written communication skills.
Preferred Skills
Experience with developing purification processes for viral therapeutics including oncolytic viruses and AAV.
Working knowledge of statistical design of experiments (DOE).
Experience with process scale-up and technology transfer.
Background and training in virology (desirable).",4.0,"AstraZeneca
4.0","Gaithersburg, MD",-1,10000+ Employees,1913,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$10+ billion (USD),-1
286,Data Scientist,$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"STRATACACHE provides salable customer experiences, empowering retailers to learn deeply about their customers’ shopping preferences and behaviors, allowing for personalized shopper interaction. Our solutions deliver consumer activation at the point-of-decision, generating new sales opportunities and enhanced retail profitability. With 3 million+ software activations globally, we power the biggest digital networks for the world’s largest brands. Across the STRATACACHE family of complementary digital media/ad tech solution companies, we have the technology, expertise and track record to bring retail innovation that delivers results.

Learn more about the STRATACACHE family at www.stratacache.com.

Data Scientist

Do you love data? Do you enjoy creating statistical models and finding insights that make a difference? Are you interested in the future of retail, commerce, and customer analytics? If so, this is the role for you. In this role you will have the opportunity to work with software engineering, sales, and product organizations to develop innovative, impactful data applications. Your efforts will enhance the overall product quality utilizing many aspects of data science, including various types of modeling that drive toward strategic analytics. You will be focused on the future of the restaurant and retail experience by discovering insights while creating strategic, marketing, retail, customer experience and digital analytics. Your background in statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quantitative research, and/or analytics consulting will be very beneficial as you take on this exciting position in the company and join our Data Science team. In this role you will also have the opportunity to continue to build and improve the marketing of technology products that are influenced by data, understand human behavior and determine how to influence and impact the retail marketplace with exciting new solutions and insights.

Responsibilities include:

Design, build, and deliver statistical models and related actionable data-focused results to support product and customer requirements and initiatives.
Work closely with engineering, product and sales teams to understand business and technical requirements, translate these into important discovery directives, and follow through to optimize and support the enhancement and growth of Stratacache products.
Establish and make effective use of internal and external datasets to back up and support key strategic, product, and customer decision-making efforts.
Serve as the data science expert on cross-functional teams for large strategic initiatives and education on accessing and utilizing qualified and focused data for decision making.
Analyze, propose, design and successfully deliver data experiments for engineering, product and sales teams to ensure statistical rigor and effectiveness.
Provide expertise and professionalism in handling sensitive, privacy-protected data, including sources, structures, organization, and optimization.
Communicate complex ideas about our product through visual aids like charts and dashboards.
Keep up-to-date with emerging data science and statistical technologies, methods and practices.
Create and/or use existing data models for predictions regarding user behavior.
Communicate ideas, processes, and results to all levels of internal and external clients and teams.
Basic & Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis, or other technical field related to software development.
Minimum 3 years of related experience working with data science and statistical modeling.
Experience in the QSR, retail or ecommerce industries from a data perspective is required.
Experience with recommendation engines and discovering new and advanced modeling methods i.e. deep neural networks, gradient boosted decision trees, etc.. is required.
Experience with SQL and at least one functional or statistical programming language is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with R and Python is required.
Minimum of 3 years of related experience working with REST APIs is required.
Experience working with Postgres, Timescale DB and/or other related database technologies is required.
Ability to distill complex statistical concepts and methodology, and articulate insights to cross-functional teams and clients with varying levels of knowledge in this space is required.
Ability to work with distributed and remote teams is required.
Experience with complex query writing is required.
Experience with result-set performance tuning and related data administration is required.
Experience with big data technologies is required.
Experience and understanding of various statistical modeling tools and platforms is required.
Experience in ecommerce, wifi, app messaging, social and other datasets is beneficial.
Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence methods and practice is beneficial.
Understanding and experience with database technologies is beneficial including Oracle, SQLServer, etc..
Understanding and experience with BI technologies is beneficial: Tableau, Microstrategy, Microsoft, OBI, etc..
Experience with kafka, Go, or Redis is beneficial.
Understanding of data modeling techniques and star schemas is beneficial.
Experience with Hadoop and MapReduce is beneficial.
Experience with ftp, file transfers, data exchange methodologies.
A solid understanding of methodology, data and systems from a broad range of research and analytics providers, including emerging tools and methods is required.
Ability to articulate and tie data to business strategy.
Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint skills
Self-motivated, self-starter with a team-centric focus while working in a fluid environment.
Exceptional communication skills: verbal, written, and presentation.
Experience in the following areas: strategic analytics, marketing analytics, digital analytics, data analytics, statistics, data science, big data, normalization, modeling, quant research, analytics consulting.
Desire and interest to uncover and discover insights using disparate data sources.
Desire and interest in being the “Go To” person for data science.
Dynamic personality and passion for data, analytics, visualizations and storytelling is beneficial for this role.
Keen sense of user interface design, style, aesthetics and effective visual presentation.
Experience with agile development methodologies.
Ability to work effectively in fast-paced, results-oriented work environment.
Ability to handle and adjust to change in requirements and direction.
Positive attitude, attention to detail, and great problem solving skills are important.

STRATACACHE and its family of companies provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, veteran, marital, parental, citizenship, or domestic partner status, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state or local law.

While we are excited and appreciate you interest in our opportunities, please keep in mind that we are not able to contact all applicants that have applied.

No vendor/agency solicitation please.",3.5,"STRATACACHE
3.5","Dayton, OH",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1999,Company - Private,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
287,"Sr. Scientist – Immunochemistry R&D, Method Development and Validation",$96k-$158k (Glassdoor Est.),"JOB DESCRIPTION

Title: Sr. Scientist – Immunochemistry R&D, Method Development and Validation

Division / Dept.: Immunochemistry

Location: Richmond, VA (Office Based)

Note: Full time, Benefits, Relocation Assistance Available

PPD is a leading global contract research organization. At PPD we are passionate, deliberate, and driven by our purpose - to improve health!

PPD Laboratories offers the most comprehensive set of laboratory services available in the industry. Our scientists work together to accelerate pharmaceutical development for small molecules, biologics, and vaccines -allowing our clients to make faster decisions about their compounds.

As an Sr. Scientist, you will be an emerging scientific leader that is passionate about science, coaching and engaging analysts and overseeing laboratory operations on a daily basis.

PPD offers continued career advancement as an Sr. Scientist, as well as management and specialized opportunities in other departments within PPD.

At PPD, we hire the best, develop ourselves and each other, and recognize the power of being one team. It's not just talk - our award winning training programs speak for themselves.

To learn how PPD can advance your career, apply now!

BioA Overview:

https://www.ppd.com/our-solutions/ppd-laboratories/bioanalytical-lab/

LinkedIn Video Landing Page:

https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/ppd-laboratories/?feedView=videos

#GD

#LI-JC1

PPDLABS

Job Qualification

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree in lab sciences such as biology, biochemistry, immunology, chemistry, molecular biology or similar

Previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable to 5+ years’) or equivalent combination of education, training, & experience.

OR Masters degree and previous experience that provides the knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the job (comparable 2+ years)

OR PhD

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Responsible for the regulatory and scientific conduct of immunoassay method development, validation, and troubleshooting in support of pharmacokinetic, toxicokinetic, immunogenicity (ADA), and pharmacodynamic studies involving novel therapeutics in the pharmaceutical industry.
Routinely performs laboratory experiments and acts as the technical project leader for multiple projects,
Interacts with clients routinely to provide technical updates,
Designs experiments, reviews and analyzes data, writes reports and protocols.
Manual dexterity (pipetting, operate lab equipment, etc.)
Experience performing immunoassays, ELISA or similar testing
Follow lab safety guidelines and use appropriate aseptic techniques
Looking for someone who can be a Lab Leader, assist the Associate Group Leader, run samples and help organize projects.
Communicate effectively and follow detailed written and verbal instruction
Cooperate with coworkers within an organized team environment or work alone with supervision
Manage time effectively to complete assignments in expected time frame
Maintain a laboratory notebook and complete all documentation with clear and accurate language and according to the Standard Operating Procedures

PPD Benefits Overview:

PPD offers comprehensive benefits including medical, dental, vision, pharmacy, employee assistance program, wellness program options and more.

Other benefits include:

401k with matching contributions, life insurance, long term and short term disability insurance, flexible medical and dependent care spending accounts.
Work life balance programs including paid time off for vacation/sick time, paid holidays, floating holiday and vacation sell back program.
Wellness benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness facility access or discount, health coaching and more.
Education reimbursement and tuition assistance programs, professional development training, skills training, education loan repayment plan, dependent scholarship program and more.
Employee appreciation events, service recognition awards, annual reviews, merit plans and bonus plans
Community connections and activities including philanthropic engagement, volunteer service projects and more
Other great options including pet insurance, legal and financial services plan, auto and home insurance discounts.

Below Is Listed The Working Environment/requirements For This Role

PPD values the health and wellbeing of our employees. We support and encourage individuals to create a healthy and balanced environment where they can thrive.

Able to communicate, receive, and understand information and ideas with diverse groups of people in a comprehensible and reasonable manner
Able to work upright and stationary and/or standing for typical working hours
Able to lift and move objects up to 25 pounds
Able to work in non-traditional work environments
Able to use and learn standard office equipment and technology with proficiency
May have exposure to potentially hazardous elements typically found in healthcare or laboratory environments
Able to perform successfully under pressure while prioritizing and handling multiple projects or activities
Diversity Statement
PPD is proud to be an affirmative action employer that values diversity as a strength and fosters an environment of mutual respect. PPD is committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, pregnancy, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status or status within any other protected group.",3.7,"PPD
3.7","Richmond, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1985,Company - Public,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,Biotech & Pharmaceuticals,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
288,Data Scientist,$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"OUR AGENCY

Making a Difference

SWIB is a trusted and skilled global investment organization managing the assets of the Wisconsin Retirement System (WRS) and other separately managed funds. With about $129 billion in total assets under management, SWIB has been recognized by the investment industry for its teamwork and innovation that helps make it a premier asset manager. Sophisticated investment management strategies, forward-looking technologies, and strong internal asset management make SWIB a leading investment organization.

For public employees in Wisconsin, SWIB is a unique and valuable partner. Investing for the financial security of more than 635,000 individuals and for the 1,500 Wisconsin employers who contribute on behalf of their employees SWIBs strong management of the WRS has helped fuel one of only a few fully funded public pension funds in the country. SWIBs long-term investment returns meet the challenges of a constantly evolving investment landscape while helping grow and protect the assets of the WRS, the 8th largest public pension fund in the U.S. and 25th largest public or private pension fund in the world.

We are a mission driven organization and the participants we serve are our mission. By bringing a disciplined, prudent and innovative approach to market opportunities, SWIB has been successful in generating respectable returns and maintaining the trust of the beneficiaries and stakeholders of the funds we oversee.

Join HIGHER PERFORMERS

Home to Top Talent

SWIB has long been recognized as an investment leader because of its success in maintaining the WRS and for the highly-qualified staff overseeing the retirement trust funds. SWIBs internal team invests a majority of its assets under management. This means SWIB is committed to investing in professionals that will keep the organization at the forefront of the investment industry. As an innovative organization, SWIB offers professional development opportunities that enable staff to grow and develop. Approximately 61 percent of SWIBs investment professionals are Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholders.

About the Team

Partner with, build, maintain, enhance and manage the data and technology for the Asset and Risk Allocation (ARA) division which is responsible for the overall investment structure of the Core and Variable Trust Funds. ARA recommends and implements the asset allocation for the policy portfolio, recommends and implements the active risk budget, and is responsible for overall risk monitoring and management. The Analytics, Data Science, & Development department primarily partners with the Asset & Risk Allocation team as well as work with other internal divisions. There will be opportunities to apply skills in both technology and finance.

This role offers a unique opportunity to learn and contribute to the technology and the business through technology.

Essential activities:
Creating reporting, decisioning systems or outputs, performing rapid analysis on data issues, and instrumenting the system with data quality rules to proactively catch and prevent issues, creating enriched and enhanced datasets with advanced data manipulation and modeling skills, use of primarily Oracle, SQL Server, Snowflake, Python, delivering risk, return, cost metrics and partner with various internal departments to improve the overall state of technology and operations, architecting, developing, testing, documenting and supporting software and technical solutions for the SWIB ARA team as well as other teams, assess and revisit inventory business logic, calculations and reporting, leveraging SQL, Python and communication skills in various avenues, instrument data quality rules and metrics in the system.

Technical Skills:
Oracle SQL, SQL Server
Snowflake (or some equivalent datastore tool)
Python experience
JIRA and Confluence
Alteryx (or some equivalent ETL tool such as Informatica)
PowerBI (or some equivalent BI tool such as Tableau)
Data Skills:
SQL development
ETL (Extract Transform load) exposure
Python experience
Financial Knowledge recommended but candidates in other industries highly recommended to apply:
Understanding of multi-asset products is desirable
Comprehensions of risk, return and cost metrics in industry is desirable
Exposure to the investment management lifecycle is desirable
The ideal candidate:
5-10 years experience in data analytics, data science, or related fields
Bachelor's degree or advanced degree in finance, quantitative finance, or another related field
Ability to take various questions gathered from the business leveraging existing data as well as improving upon that data to deliver complete, consistent and precise answers
Experience in working with/understanding the various lifecycles of data management, extraction, loading, transformation to its applications in analysis, research and solving problems
Extensive knowledge in composing Oracle SQL, SQL Server queries, data modeling, and having a SQL and analytics background
Experience in identifying use cases for the business, contributing to analysis and understanding of existing data models with iterative recommendations on improvement resulting in some improvement in risk, return or cost for the organization
Extensive knowledge of data extraction, transformation and loading
Experience refactoring SQL queries, use of Python
Experience working with large structured and financial data sets
Ability to follow rigor in creating/updating documentation, maintain process (i.e. JIRA tickets) and following technology and business best practices
Ability to present and communicate well and connect business and technology
Ability to tactically understand results in context (i.e. when does something look wrong), and strategically how to resolve those issues via data quality and rule-based instrumentation
Interest in newer data technologies, Snowflake programming, i.e. Python
Interest or experience in investment management, quantitative finance and technology
Background in Agile methodologies and their applications
SWIB Offers:
Competitive McLagan-base salary
Meaningful performance-based incentive compensation
A comprehensive benefit package
Educational and training opportunities
Tuition reimbursement
Challenging work in a professional environment
The position requires U.S. work authorization and residency in, or willingness to relocate to the Madison, Wisconsin area. SWIB is prepared to offer relocation assistance as needed.",3.0,"State of Wisconsin Investment Board
3.0","Madison, WI",-1,51 to 200 Employees,1951,Government,Investment Banking & Asset Management,Finance,$50 to $100 million (USD),-1
289,Data Scientist (Journeyman),$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"BAE Systems is seeking to hire a Mid-Level Data Scientist to support counterterrorism intelligence integration on a multifaceted U.S. Government program. The ideal Mid-Level Data Scientist will be responsible for improving analyst workflow by developing tools and capabilities that enhance the ability to use and produce identity intelligence data.

The Mid-Level Data Scientist are responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and extracting data using IT techniques to support decision-making. This role works with customers to understand changing requirements and recommends solutions based on quantitative analysis. Responsibilities include working independently and collaboratively on a team to develop data models and solutions. This role compiles and reviews data, often disparate and inconsistent, to address complex intelligence issues or problems for the customers. This role requires constructing and performing complex statistical, mathematical, and data analysis independently or in partnership with other data scientists or analysts. This role provides recommendations for the development of tools and applications that improve process effectiveness and efficiency.

PF1

Required Skills and Education

Degree : BA/BS or MA/MS in a technical field such as mathematics, engineering, or computer science (6 years of work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree)
Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects
Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics
Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics
Excellent reading comprehension skills
Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables
Ability to work with IC tools and databases
Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills
Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs
Ability to work shift work/extended hours
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment

Preferred Skills and Education

Experience in modern machine learning, AI, biometrics, social network analysis, or geospatial analysis
Experience/knowledge of link analysis tools (e.g. Palantir, i2 Analyst's Notebook)
Experience with cloud architectures including AWS
Experience with distributed computing and storage technologies

About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security
BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. That’s BAE Systems. That’s Inspired Work.",3.8,"BAE Systems
3.8","McLean, VA",-1,10000+ Employees,1999,Company - Public,Aerospace & Defense,Aerospace & Defense,$10+ billion (USD),-1
290,Process Development Scientist - Stem Cell Biomanufacturing,$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"At the Cedars-Sinai Biomanufacturing Center, we are using the latest techniques to reprogram, expand, and characterize human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells from human skin or blood tissues of healthy subjects and diseased patients.

Want to be a part of this exciting work?

As a Process Development Scientist, you will provide scientific and technique leadership in the development and optimization of the cellular production process in the regenerative medicine field at various scales ranging from research and development (R&D) to current good manufacturing practices (cGMP) for phase I & II trials.
Responsibilities:
Leads and performs technology transfer of research lab cellular rand gene therapy manufacturing processes and converts them to cGMP compatible processes with appropriate scale up or scale out.
Provides guidance and applies intricate knowledge of allogeneic processes where significant scale-up is required as well as patient-specific cell therapies (autologous) for process scalability, where the manufacturing process must be scaled-out.
Responsible for ensuring that the desired quality and target product profile of the cell is maintained through the entire manufacturing process, including the harvest, downstream processing, and delivery.
Ensures the preservation of cellular quality throughout the entire manufacturing process is critical to off-the-shelf cell therapies and will require the development of scalable operations.
Responsible for reading literature and creating innovative methods and intellectual property for developing GMP-compatible processes for cellular therapies, especially related to Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells (iPSCs) and their differentiated derivatives.
Utilizes strong laboratory skillsets to design and execute experiments with a focus on process establishment and robustness, assay development, interpret data, write technical reports, and SOPs.
Works with R&D, cGMP manufacturing, and quality control (QC) teams for technology transfer of established production process as well as on-site support to cGMP manufacturing production campaigns.
Provides leadership for supervising associates and ensures the compliance of the facility's standard operating procedures (SOPs) and policies which incorporate both internal and external (i.e. FDA) regulatory standards.
#Jobs-HERC #Jobs-Glassdoor

Educational Requirements:
Masters Degree in Biology or Life Sciences related field required
PhD in Biology or Life Sciences related field preferred
Experience:
For PhD: Minimum 5 years experience in Process Development in a GMP setting
For Masters: Minimum 8 years experience in Process Development in a GMP setting
Physical Requirements:
Standing, walking, sitting, lifting, carrying, pushing, pulling, reaching, handling, grasping, feeling, talking, hearing, repetitive motions, eye/hand/foot coordination",3.9,"Cedars-Sinai
3.9","West Hollywood, CA",-1,10000+ Employees,1902,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$2 to $5 billion (USD),-1
291,Sr. Data Scientist,$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"The Commercial Lines BI team at Woodruff Sawyer is a newly founded capability to enhance the organizations capacity in providing data-backed insights to its clients seeking P&C and liability insurance. The members of this team will work closely with the VP of Commercial Lines Business Intelligence and other enterprise stakeholders to develop and roll out analytics solutions. A successful candidate will apply data science methodologies, actuarial methods, knowledge of insurance, and the latest technological tools to create reusable business intelligence assets.

What you will be doing:

With limited guidance from the leaders, managers, or project leads:
Primarily collects, prepares and analyzes data from various sources.
Executes formal exploratory data analysis for data science projects.
Develops re-usable templates and reports for the review and feedback by other team members.
Prepares analysis summaries and provides to the colleagues and leaders.
Conducts data research and presents findings.
Identifies areas of more in-depth analysis and builds prototypes for IT implementation.
Required Qualifications:
A graduate degree in any of the quantitative disciplines, e.g., Actuarial Science, Math, Engineering, Stats, Finance, or a related discipline.
Knowledge of basic data science algorithms demonstrable through internships, coursework, or a combination.
2+ years of experience in visual analysis packages such as Tableau / Power BI.
2+ years of experience in programming using Python or R.
Skilled in developing presentations in PowerPoint or equivalent.
2+ years of work experience in an insurance or FINTECH environment as a data scientist or BI analyst. (4+ for an undergraduate).
Knowledge of common insurance terminologies. A couple of actuarial exams is a plus.
What you'll be getting from us:
The opportunity to work with sharp, motivated co-workers in a collaborative and entrepreneurial team
A flexible work schedule
A fun office in vibrant downtown San Francisco
Security for your future: Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP), 401K with company match and profit sharing
Medical, Dental and Vision benefits for employees and families (including domestic partners)
Life Insurance, short term and long-term disability benefits
Paid vacation, holiday and sick days
Tuition reimbursement
Access to an Employee Assistance Program
Fun company and team outings",4.0,"Woodruff Sawyer
4.0","San Francisco, CA",-1,201 to 500 Employees,1918,Company - Private,Insurance Agencies & Brokerages,Insurance,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
292,"Environmental Scientist, Geologist, or Environmental Engineer - 4 to 6 Years Experience",$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Work for an Industry Leader
Outstanding Opportunities
Challenging Projects
Dynamic Work Environment

Langan is an award-winning ENR Top 500 Design Firm that offers integrated engineering and environmental services for both public and private sector clients at sites located throughout the United States and abroad. Langan receives numerous recognitions for its technical expertise as well as its work environment, including “Best Places to Work” by NJBIZ, Zweig Group’s “Hot Firm” and ranked “Best Firm to Work For” in four categories, “Best Places to Work in Pennsylvania” by Best Companies Group and Pittsburgh Business Times “Best Places to Work in Western PA”, “Top Engineering Firm” by both San Francisco Business Times and Silicon Valley Business Journal. Visit our website for more information about our awards and recognitions.

Langan offers its employees opportunities that provide challenge and responsibility within an environment where they can grow and flourish! Join our team of industry leaders and make a difference on some of the most exciting and interesting projects in the field!

Langan has an opening for an Environmental Scientist, Geologist, or Environmental Engineer with 4 to 6 years of related environmental experience in our New Haven, CT office. As the successful candidate, you will be responsible for providing field services for construction and site remediation projects, including performing field tests and collecting field data, monitoring complex construction and remediation projects, compiling daily reports, and preparing written applications, reports, and other documentation for submittal to clients and regulatory agencies.

Job Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Environmental Engineering, Environmental Science, or related field required, Master's degree preferred;
4 to 6 years of prior related environmental experience;
Knowledge of Connecticut environmental regulations required;
Field experience related to site investigations and remediation projects required;
Office experience related to scheduling, technical report writing and lab coordination;
Demonstrated ability to organize and implement field work, and to provide initial field training to new team members;
Strong attention to detail with excellent analytical, judgment and problem-solving capabilities;
Demonstrated ability to follow direction and work independently, as well as in a team environment;
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, as well as organization and multi-tasking skills;
Working knowledge of computers; AutoCAD, GIS modeling and mapping experience preferred;
Ability to work in the office and the field as necessary;
40-hour OSHA HAZWOPER certification and current OSHA 8-hour refresher required;
Possess a valid driver’s license in good standing and reliable transportation for remote job site locations; and
Availability to work Monday through Friday with occasional evenings and weekends.
We offer competitive compensation packages; full-time employment company paid medical, dental, and vision coverage; life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance; 401(k)/Roth with company match; extensive training; buddy and mentoring programs; employee referral and professional license bonuses; educational reimbursement; and much more!

Equal Opportunity Employer",4.1,"Langan Engineering and Environmental Services
4.1","New Haven, CT",-1,1001 to 5000 Employees,1970,Company - Private,Architectural & Engineering Services,Business Services,$100 to $500 million (USD),-1
293,Senior Data Scientist,$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Formation provides personalization for the largest enterprise businesses in the world. We work with high-volume data streams and apply Data Science to bring individualized multi-step promotions to customers. Our Data Science Team is transforming the relationships between Fortune 500 companies and their customers.

You'll work in small teams with a common goal: create excellent data science solutions anchored in a culture of quality, customer focus, and growth.

As a Senior Data Scientist at Formation you will work in an agile environment to prioritize and test hypotheses using principles of rigorous experimental design. You understand that Data Science is an expansive area and no line of code is written until you have clearly defined the problem, methods, and definition of done. Your guidance on causal inference, machine learning techniques, and work prioritization will be sought by other team members. You will contribute to process documentation, and methodology design and review. You will create platform architecture specifications as you work with Engineering and Product Management to integrate Data Science processes into the product platform.

You understand that bugs, inadequate processes, and less than ideal code are part of building a startup. You welcome the challenge of solving these kind of problems while building a great product with the Data Science team.

You will report to the Manager of Data Science.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with Solution Architects and Customer Success to determine how to best apply Formation's product to client use cases
Explore and understand unfamiliar data-sets with tools such as Apache Spark and AWS Athena
Determine metrics and conduct power analysis to determine the feasibility and design of experiments
Implement processing pipelines to clean and process source data
Present experimental methodology and results to Fortune 500 clients
Work with Engineering and Product to standardize and integrate DS workflows into Formation's product
Provide mentorship and prioritization of DS work to junior Data Scientists
Skills and Experience:
Minimum 5 years experience as a Data Scientist, or 3 years experience as a Data Scientist at a startup
Proficient with the Python scientific ecosystem, Apache Spark, and SQL
Have foundational software engineering skills such as bash scripting, version control, and continuous integration
Have worked with job schedulers such as Apache Airflow
Knowledge of experimental design and analysis of results
Understand common concepts related to e-commerce, e.g. lifetime value, net incremental revenue, and churn
Machine learning proficiency with a focus on recommender systems and supervised learning techniques
Experience with optimization techniques such as constrained linear optimization and contextual bandits
Experience in customer onboarding and long-term customer engagement
Experience participating in talent screening and interviewing
About Formation:

Formation distills complex customer data into uniquely tailored experiences; we orchestrate physical and digital exchanges into one seamless journey. Our business is building lasting, trusted relationships between people and brands—and making it look easy.

We're already reaching millions of people a day, and we're just getting started. Our founding leadership is equal parts business, design, and engineering—because we believe differing perspectives + passionate discourse achieve the greatest outcomes. We give our whole selves. We love learning new things.

Formation is committed to inclusion and diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. You will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

If you're up for the challenge of a lifetime, we're looking for outstanding talent to join our team.

Benefits:

Among our many benefits:
100% medical, dental, and vision
Discretionary PTO policy in addition to 11 paid holidays per year
401K
Commuter Benefits",2.9,"Formation
2.9",Remote,-1,51 to 200 Employees,2015,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Unknown / Non-Applicable,-1
294,Data Scientist,$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description


Avlino Inc. is seeking experienced data scientists to join our growing team
of AI engineers, analysts, and quantitative developers. The role involves
model construction, information extraction, prediction and finding solutions
to large-scale problems for mission critical applications using large
derived from a broad spectrum of domains for industry specific sectors. The
ideal candidate will have comprehensive expertise in machine learning,
time-series analysis modeling, statistical data analysis, and deep neural
networks. Experience with dynamic programming and reinforcement learning is
a plus.

Demonstrate your experience in creating real-world artificial intelligence
applications using pulsing customer data sets!

This is a great opportunity for an experienced Data Scientist with 4+ years
of relevant experience to work in a fast-paced environment where they can
share their passion for numbers and AI.

Responsibilities
Develop, implement, and use a broad set of machine-learning models and
quantitative techniques for prediction and classification for mission
critical applications.
To find problems in industrial and service sector applications.
Strong background in numerical techniques, optimization, and gradient
methods.
Development of new machine learning algorithms and/or substantial
modification of pre-existing techniques.
Analysis of high-volume, noisy, heterogeneous real-time data.
Collaborate with business analysts to transform customer needs into
actionable insights.
Design custom end user reports that are easy to read and interpret for
multiple business unit audiences.
Architect the next generation analytical platform.
Capable of de novo implementation of mathematical models, or to avail
widely used open source programming platforms and libraries (Scala, R,
python, TensorFlow).

Requirements
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience in machine learning, statistical
modeling, data mining, time-series forecasting, and neural networks.
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience working with big data technologies
distributed computing such as Hadoop/Spark, Map/Reduce, TensorFlow.
MUST: Solid 5 years of experience in multiple programming languages –
C#/.NET, C++, C, Scala, Python, R, Java.
Experience in developing or implementing enterprise class Data Analytics
and BI solutions.
Extremely analytical and able to solve problems independently.
Assesses customer requirements and translate them to appropriate
deliverables.
MUST: Have an analytical mind, and on point with detailed specifics.
MUST: Education: MS/Ph.D. (Preferred) in Computer Science, Physics, or a
related discipline.
PLUS: Experience in the logistics or transportation industry.",4.6,"Avlino
4.6",New Jersey,-1,1 to 50 Employees,2013,Company - Private,Enterprise Software & Network Solutions,Information Technology,Less than $1 million (USD),-1
295,Clinical Lab Scientist,$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Description

Summary:

Responsible for assisting in the diagnosis and treatment of patients by performing various clinical laboratory procedures. The Clinical Lab Scientist correlates and integrates other patient data and interprets test results; performs maintenance procedures on equipment; performs and interprets quality control/assurance procedures to ensure and evaluate the validity of patient results.

Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree and training in a National Accrediting Agency for Clinical Laboratory Sciences accredited program required.
Preferred that Clinical Lab Scientist must be certified with ASCP (American Society of Clinical Pathologists) or Board equivalent.
Work Type:

Part Time",3.5,"CHRISTUS Health
3.5","Beaumont, TX",-1,10000+ Employees,1869,Nonprofit Organization,Health Care Services & Hospitals,Health Care,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
296,"Scientist, Bioinformatics - Cancer Discovery",$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scientist, Bioinformatics - Cancer Discovery
Location: Boston, Massachusetts

Monte Rosa Therapeutics is a rapidly growing startup company headquartered in Boston, MA with additional laboratory facilities in Basel, Switzerland. We are seeking a highly motivated and talented individual with a strong computational and analytical background to join our Data Science team in Boston. The candidate will be a highly creative computational biologist/ data scientist with strong programming and data analysis background and an ambition to tackle high-impact complex computational biology problems involving large-scale biological and pharmacological datasets. The successful candidate will work closely with a world-class team of scientists to develop the next generation of protein degraders in a highly dynamic and collaborative environment. In this position, you will have the opportunity to push the boundaries of science and help to accelerate the discovery of new therapeutics for cancer and beyond.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities
Develop and maintain analytical and data visualization pipelines for next generation sequencing, proteomics, and pharmacological data
Design and execute data analysis strategies to support research projects involving multimodal datasets
Together with other team members, you will develop and advance the Monte Rosa in-silico target identification and virtual screening engine
Analyze public clinical and preclinical datasets (e.g. TCGA, GENIE, CCLE and DepMap) to prioritize drug targets and identify patient populations
Support the in-vitro and in-vivo experimental design, data analysis and data visualization
Present ideas and results to the Data Science team. Prepare written reports and presentations for internal and external use
Job Qualifications
D. in Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, Math, Engineering, or a related quantitative discipline
Strong programming background; Proficiency in at least one modern programming language; Experience with a scientific programming environment, such as python, R, or Matlab
Experience with high throughput computing or cloud computing platforms
Experience with computational analysis, algorithm development, statistics, and machine learning
Flexibility to accommodate to rapidly changing priorities and deadlines
Ability to work in a team-based environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Background in genetics or biology is a plus
Knowledge of cancer genomics is a plus but is NOT required
Interested Candidates may forward CV and Cover Letter to Careers-US@MonterosaTx.com",-1,Monte Rosa Therapeutics,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
297,"Scientist, Bioinformatics - Cancer Discovery",$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Scientist, Bioinformatics - Cancer Discovery
Location: Boston, Massachusetts

Monte Rosa Therapeutics is a rapidly growing startup company headquartered in Boston, MA with additional laboratory facilities in Basel, Switzerland. We are seeking a highly motivated and talented individual with a strong computational and analytical background to join our Data Science team in Boston. The candidate will be a highly creative computational biologist/ data scientist with strong programming and data analysis background and an ambition to tackle high-impact complex computational biology problems involving large-scale biological and pharmacological datasets. The successful candidate will work closely with a world-class team of scientists to develop the next generation of protein degraders in a highly dynamic and collaborative environment. In this position, you will have the opportunity to push the boundaries of science and help to accelerate the discovery of new therapeutics for cancer and beyond.

Principal Duties and Responsibilities
Develop and maintain analytical and data visualization pipelines for next generation sequencing, proteomics, and pharmacological data
Design and execute data analysis strategies to support research projects involving multimodal datasets
Together with other team members, you will develop and advance the Monte Rosa in-silico target identification and virtual screening engine
Analyze public clinical and preclinical datasets (e.g. TCGA, GENIE, CCLE and DepMap) to prioritize drug targets and identify patient populations
Support the in-vitro and in-vivo experimental design, data analysis and data visualization
Present ideas and results to the Data Science team. Prepare written reports and presentations for internal and external use
Job Qualifications
D. in Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, Math, Engineering, or a related quantitative discipline
Strong programming background; Proficiency in at least one modern programming language; Experience with a scientific programming environment, such as python, R, or Matlab
Experience with high throughput computing or cloud computing platforms
Experience with computational analysis, algorithm development, statistics, and machine learning
Flexibility to accommodate to rapidly changing priorities and deadlines
Ability to work in a team-based environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Background in genetics or biology is a plus
Knowledge of cancer genomics is a plus but is NOT required
Interested Candidates may forward CV and Cover Letter to Careers-US@MonterosaTx.com",-1,Monte Rosa Therapeutics,"Boston, MA",-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1,-1
298,Machine Learning - Computer Scientist,$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.

MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The Research & Development centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world.

MITRE is seeking a Senior / Lead Computer Scientist to cultivate and lead highly skilled technical staff to apply machine learning / deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics. As our Computer Scientist you will promote and provide MITRE-unique value across multiple sponsors. Additionally, you will be expected to initiate and contribute to various research projects & efforts across MITRE and in collaboration with academia, industry and sponsors.

Responsibilities include:
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with academia, industry and MITRE Technical Centers, portfolio and program divisions in innovation and research initiatives related to machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics in combination with cybersecurity, data engineering and social science
Work with department leadership to develop and evolve an enduring, adaptive and forward-looking strategy and capability advancing the Department domain knowledge and capabilities that align with strategic/significant sponsor needs and challenges including but not limited to: Adversarial information scenarios, Defining, detecting and measuring information trust, bias/fairness in decision, models and algorithms, Biometric authentication, detecting biometric or identity fraud, anti-spoofing, Defining, detecting and measuring bias in datasets and information, Information security and privacy, Data generation, and Data impacting quality of decision
Contribute to the technical work program of one or more projects and provide technical guidance and quality products focused on successful sponsor outcomes, strong leadership and transition of research results to sponsor operations
Provide exemplary leadership, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff related to Department domain knowledge or capabilities
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Cybersecurity, Mathematics, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related field
5 + years applicable experience including machine learning/deep learning, computer vision, cognitive science, mathematics and statistics
Required Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to possess and maintain a DoD clearance
Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
Hands on work experience will include tools / packages such as: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, PyTorch, dlib, C/C++, Python, JSON, XML, SQL, NoSQL, DBMS, ETL
Outstanding presentation skills, both development & delivery, are required for both MITRE facing and Sponsor facing communications
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in related field of study
Candidates that possess a current/active US Government clearance are preferred
Proven experience with cybersecurity, data engineering, social science, mobile computing, computer networking, virtualization, cloud computing, and big data
MITRE’s workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. For more information please visit https://www.mitre.org/careers/working-at-mitre. U.S Citizenship is required for most positions.

MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status.

MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at 703-983-8226 or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.

Copyright © 1997-2020, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only.",3.2,"MITRE
3.2","McLean, VA",-1,5001 to 10000 Employees,1958,Nonprofit Organization,Federal Agencies,Government,$1 to $2 billion (USD),-1
299,Associate Data Scientist,$91k-$149k (Glassdoor Est.),"Job Description

As an Associate Data Scientist, you will apply modern data storage, movement, and transformation architectures and techniques to extract and engineer features from any scale structured or unstructured data in health, IT system, business processes, or external data. You will also access, cleanse, compile, and transform disparate data sets to conduct exploratory and pre-defined analyses using scientifically valid techniques and generate meaningful insights as well as assist with feasibility studies to identify data availability, quality and modeling requirements, and dependencies.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Analytics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Software Engineering, Data Science, or related field, or equivalent relevant work experience
At least 1 year of statistical programming and applied programming work experience
At least 1 year Data mining, quantitative analysis, and/or statistical modeling including predictive performance and algorithm optimization work experience
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with relational databases and SQL; NoSQL databases (hBase, Cassandra, MongoDB, Couch DB, Riak) and unstructured data; Spark; Pig and Avro
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Expectations
Willing to travel up to 20% of the time as needed
Must be currently residing in or willing to relocate to the Kansas City metro area",3.9,"Cerner
3.9","North Kansas City, MO",-1,10000+ Employees,1979,Company - Public,Computer Hardware & Software,Information Technology,$5 to $10 billion (USD),-1
